By. Martin Robinson. PUBLISHED:. 07:48 EST, 10 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 03:46 EST, 11 January 2013. Trial: Dappy arrives at court yesterday clutching some Lucozade and allegedly sparked a mass brawl after a girl called him 'boring' A teenage witness at the trial of N-Dubz rapper Dappy agreed to 'send the c*** down', a court was told. Grace Cochran and Serena Burton, both 19, were allegedly spat at by Dappy after he tried to chat them up moments before a mass brawl on a petrol station forecourt. Miss Cochran said she told the star to leave them alone after he allegedly called them 'sluts'  and claims he then flew into a rage, which sparked a 'mob attack' on bystander David Jenkins and his friend. The court heard the two women later planned to sell the story in a series of BBM (Blackberry Messenger) messages. In one Twitter posting an unidentified. user sent a tweet to Miss Cochran about Dappy, including the message:. 'Send the c*** down.' Miss Cochran replied: 'Hahaha in the process.' In a BBM message, sent on Monday evening, Miss Burton said to Miss Cochran: 'hahaha oh my f***. Someone's dad works in media. 'He told her that apparently we can get like a grand for that kind of story from The Sun or something.' She added: 'Let's ring them tomorrow when we leave court to be fair.' In another message read to the court, Miss Burton said: 'Didn't they say we can do what we want when the trial is over? 'Let's literally ring Heat and stuff and get rich and sell our story.' Asked at at the hearing yesterday at Guildford Crown Court why she had said that, Miss Cochran replied: 'I think we are. both 19-year-old girls. Any attention is good attention.' Witnesses: It is alleged that Dappy spat at Grace Cochran, right, and Serena Burton, left, after they rejected his advances. Dappy, real name Costadinos Contostavlos, who is a former bandmate of his cousin X. Factor judge Tulisa, denies two counts of common assault on the two. women, one of assault by beating, of Mr Jenkins, and one of affray. Miss. Cochran said she told the star to leave them alone and claims he then. flew into a rage, which sparked a 'mob attack' on bystander David. Jenkins and his friend. Mr. Jenkins had walked over to protect them, Guildford Crown Court heard,. and he and another man were then attacked, leaving Jenkins with nine. smashed teeth and the other with a broken nose. However, Dappy claims three men attacked him and his friends after he approached the women to tell them about his next single. The incident - captured on eight CCTV. cameras from various angles - was at a Shell garage, in Guildford,. Surrey, at 3.30am on February 28 last year. Giving. evidence about the incident, Miss Cochran said she and college friend. Miss Burton called at the petrol station to get food following a night. out. Hearing: Serena Burton (left) and Grace Cochran (right) leave Guildford Crown Court during lunch at the trial. As they sat on the kerb. outside the petrol station and chatted to a group of men, two other. men, including Dappy, approached them, said Miss Cochran. 'Their manner was chatting us up, saying "All right girls" and "All right sexy girls" - something like that.' Prosecutor Brian Stork asked: 'Were you interested in these two men?' Miss Cochran replied: 'No, we didn't know who they were. 'We told them to leave us alone.' At this point, Miss Cochran claimed Dappy described them as 'sluts'. Mr Stork then asked: 'Did you say anything back to that?' Miss Cochran said: 'I said "You're boring".' When asked if that prompted a reaction, Miss Cochran said: 'Yes, he then spat at me - on to the floor, it didn't land on me.' Miss Cochran said her friend Miss Burton then told the rapper: 'That's disgusting.' Describing the events which then unfolded, she added: 'One of the boys who we were talking to previously at the cash point came to stand in and stuck up for us. 'He said "Just leave them" or something along those lines. 'I remember they were head to head, they had their heads against each other. Accused: Dappy and three other men are charged with affray after an attack on a man at a petrol station in February 2012. 'People came out from cars which were parked up on the forecourt. 'Serena ran inside. She was calling my name but I just stayed sitting down. 'I can't really remember seeing much of the fight. 'I remember looking at my feet and seeing someone laying on the floor and they were being kicked as they were laying there.' In the aftermath Miss Cochran said she saw the group of three men she and her friend had been chatting to before the fight erupted. 'One of them had a lot of chipped teeth on his bottom jaw. 'One had a broken nose or a bleeding nose and one had a swollen-up eye.' Violent: Dappy is alleged to have sparked a mass brawl at this Shell Garage, in Guildford Surrey. Vassell and Stewart all deny a charge of affray. Co-accused Alfred James Miller pleaded guilty to a single charge of affray at Guildford Crown Court ahead of the start of the trial of the remaining three defendants. The tattooed performer was sporting a. pair of dark glasses and carrying a bottle of Lucozade as he arrived at. court. He removed the sunglasses before entering the dock, where he wore. a white shirt and dark blue tie as he listened to the evidence. Under cross-examination from Paul Greaney QC, representing Dappy, Miss Cochran denied using the case to gain fame. Mr Greaney asked about the messages posted on Twitter by Miss Cochran and Miss Burton this week. In one, on Monday evening, Serena wrote: 'Ha ha ha love life now we're famous', to which Miss Cochran replied: 'Buzzing to be papped'. Mr Greaney asked: 'Did that message mean you were excited to be photographed coming in to court?' Miss Cochran answered: 'Yes, I suppose, in a way.' Assaulted: David Jenkins says he lost or broke teeth after being hit in the mouth during the fight. As he listened to the answers from the dock, Dappy was seen to shake his head and also place his head in his hands. Mr Greaney then asked whether Miss Cochran intended to sell her story following the conclusion of the trial, to which she replied: 'Me and Serena have discussed it, yes.' Police seized both Miss Cochran and Miss Burton's BlackBerry smartphones this week following the Twitter postings. The court heard that Dappy had previously pleaded guilty at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court to two offences of battery in an earlier and unconnected incident. These charges related to an incident on November 18, 2008, where he spat at a woman and the spittle hit her in the face as well as another woman, the court heard. Detective Constable Alex Boxall, of. Surrey Police, said that when he arrested Dappy at his recording studio. after the Guildford incident, the singer said to him: 'I was the one who. was assaulted.' When interviewed by police, Dappy denied spitting at anyone and said he had only spoken to the girls about his new single. Old times: Dino 'Dappy' Contostavlos with his N-Dubz bandmates, cousin Tulisa and Richard 'Fazer' Rawson. He said he has been 'victimised' and was the 'happiest man on earth' on the night of the incident as he was out to celebrate the release of his impending album. He said: 'I walked over to the girls and said my new single Rockstar with Brian May is out on Monday, go and buy it.' He added: 'They were just being rude to me, I just said hello, promoting my single, I said 'Hi, my single (with) Brian May is coming out. 'Two guys coming out, being put in a headlock, bam, that's all I remember.' He continued: 'Someone put me on the ground, in a headlock straight away. 'One of my security tried to get him off me, we all fell on the ground and I get put in a car after that.' Speaking to Mr Boxall in the interview, Dappy denied starting the violence or hitting anyone and said: 'Come on officer-man, who attacked who?' Dappy said during the interview that he was drunk on that night having had six or seven shots of Jack Daniel's and sambuca in a local nightclub called Casino. He said: 'We just went there to celebrate because my second single had just been released.' Denying spitting at the two women and the man, he said: 'No way would I spit, I don't spit. I have two kids, my mum didn't bring me up that way.' The trial, before a jury of eight men and four women, continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
Summarize the highlights of this article.