Answer the following question: Information:  - Geoff J. Nicholson (born 4 March 1953) is a British novelist and non-fiction writer.  - Martin Bax is a British consultant paediatrician , who , in addition to his medical career , founded the Arts magazine Ambit in 1959 . He lives in London and continues to practice , and edit Ambit , along with Kate Pemberton and Geoff Nicholson . Since he created it , Ambit has published poetry , prose and artwork from the likes of Fleur Adcock , Peter Porter , Tennessee Williams , J. G. Ballard , Eduardo Paolozzi and many others . His first published novel was The Hospital Ship published by Cape and New Directions in 1976 . More recently Love on the Borders was published by Seren in 2005 . In the 1970s using text from The Hospital Ship he developed the Vietnam Symphony with jazz trumpeter Henry Lowther and this was performed at the Institute of Contemporary Arts ( ICA ) and subsequently on BBC Radio 3 . He has also written for children and his book Edmund went Far Away was published in the US and the UK . Martin Bax organises regular readings in the UK for Ambit magazine , and jazz events as well , presented at various venues in London and elsewhere , most recently at The Betsey Trotwood in Clerkenwell , London and Chelsea Arts Club . Bax also edits the medical journal Developmental and Child Neurology .  - Thomas Lanier "Tennessee" Williams III (March 26, 1911  February 25, 1983) was an American playwright. Along with Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller he is considered among the three foremost playwrights in 20th-century American drama.  - Science fiction (often shortened to SF, sci-fi or scifi) is a genre of speculative fiction, typically dealing with imaginative concepts such as futuristic science and technology, space travel, time travel, faster than light travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. Science fiction often explores the potential consequences of scientific and other innovations, and has been called a "literature of ideas." It usually avoids the supernatural, and unlike the related genre of fantasy, historically science fiction stories were intended to have a grounding in science-based fact or theory at the time the story was created, but this connection is now limited to hard science fiction.  - The Wind from Nowhere, first published in 1961 is the debut novel by English author J.G. Ballard. Prior to this, his published work had consisted solely of short stories.  - James Graham "J. G." Ballard (15 November 193019 April 2009) was an English novelist, short story writer, and essayist. He came to be associated with the New Wave of science fiction early in his career with apocalyptic (or post-apocalyptic) novels such as "The Wind from Nowhere" (1961) and "The Drowned World" (1962). In the late 1960s, Ballard produced a variety of experimental short stories (or "condensed novels"), such as those collected in the controversial "The Atrocity Exhibition" (1970), which drew comparisons with the work of postmodernist writers such as William S. Burroughs. In the mid 1970s, he published several novels, among them the highly controversial "Crash" (1973), a story about symphorophilia and car crash fetishism, and "High-Rise" (1975), a depiction of a luxury apartment building's descent into violent chaos.  - New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island, or Te Ika-a-Mui, and the South Island, or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long period of isolation, New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks, such as the Southern Alps, owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions. New Zealand's capital city is Wellington, while its most populous city is Auckland.  - Pop art is an art movement that emerged in the mid-1950s in Britain and the late 1950s in the United States. Among the early artists that shaped the pop art movement were Eduardo Paolozzi and Richard Hamilton in Britain, and Larry Rivers, Robert Rauschenberg and Jasper Johns among others in the United States. Pop art presented a challenge to traditions of fine art by including imagery from popular culture such as advertising and news. In pop art, material is sometimes visually removed from its known context, isolated, and/or combined with unrelated material.  - An artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art, practicing the arts or demonstrating an art. The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual arts only. The term is often used in the entertainment business, especially in a business context, for musicians and other performers (less often for actors). "Artiste" (the French for artist) is a variant used in English only in this context. Use of the term to describe writers, for example, is valid, but less common, and mostly restricted to contexts like criticism.  - William Seward Burroughs II (February 5, 1914  August 2, 1997) was an American novelist, short story writer, satirist, essayist, painter, and spoken word performer. Burroughs was a primary figure of the Beat Generation and a major postmodernist author who wrote in the paranoid fiction genre, and his influence is considered to have affected a range of popular culture as well as literature. Burroughs wrote eighteen novels and novellas, six collections of short stories and four collections of essays. Five books have been published of his interviews and correspondences. He also collaborated on projects and recordings with numerous performers and musicians, and made many appearances in films. He was also briefly known by the pen name William Lee.  - Fleur Adcock, CNZM, OBE (born 10 February 1934) is a New Zealand poet and editor, of English and Northern Irish ancestry, who has lived much of her life in England.  - Arthur Asher Miller (October 17, 1915  February 10, 2005) was an American playwright, essayist, and figure in twentieth-century American theatre. Among his most popular plays are "All My Sons" (1947), "Death of a Salesman" (1949), "The Crucible" (1953) and "A View from the Bridge" (1955, revised 1956). He also wrote several screenplays and was most noted for his work on "The Misfits" (1961). The drama "Death of a Salesman" has been numbered on the short list of finest American plays in the 20th century alongside "Long Day's Journey into Night" and "A Streetcar Named Desire".  - Eugene Gladstone O'Neill (October 16, 1888  November 27, 1953) was an American playwright and Nobel laureate in Literature. His poetically titled plays were among the first to introduce into American drama techniques of realism earlier associated with Russian playwright Anton Chekhov, Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen, and Swedish playwright August Strindberg. The drama "Long Day's Journey into Night" is often numbered on the short list of the finest American plays in the 20th century, alongside Tennessee Williams's "A Streetcar Named Desire" and Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman".  - The Drowned World is a 1962 science fiction novel by J. G. Ballard. In contrast to much post-apocalyptic fiction, the novel features a central character who, rather than being disturbed by the end of the old world, is enraptured by the chaotic reality that has come to replace it. The novel is an expansion of an out of print novella of the same title published in "Science Fiction Adventures" magazine in January 1962, Vol. 4, No. 24.  - Sir Eduardo Luigi Paolozzi (7 March 1924  22 April 2005) was a Scottish sculptor and artist. He is widely considered to be one of the pioneers of pop art.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'martin bax' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - advertising  - artist  - author  - editor  - miller  - mountain  - novelist  - performer  - playwright  - poet  - prior  - satirist  - science  - sculptor  - short story writer  - travel
Answer: