Madrid dominated from the start and led when Casemiro - who earlier hit the bar - slid in a half volley.
They doubled their lead when Isco calmly slotted in from eight yards after a neat one-two with Gareth Bale, who started ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo.
New £75m striker Romelu Lukaku tapped in before Marcus Rashford scuffed wide.
The Europa League winners were given encouragement by Lukaku's strike, despite rarely threatening the Madrid goal in the previous hour, and could have scored a barely deserved equaliser through half-time substitute Rashford with nine minutes left.
United were unable to create another clear-cut chance as Madrid became the first team to retain the Super Cup since 1990.
With temperatures over 30C in the Macedonian capital, the match was twice stopped for scheduled cooling breaks implemented by governing body Uefa.
The Red Devils have spent £146m this summer on Everton striker Lukaku (£75m), Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic (£40m) and Benfica defender Victor Lindelof (£31m) as they look to improve on a disappointing sixth-placed finish in the Premier League last season.
All three new signings started as Mourinho named a strong side against the European champions.
Only Ronaldo was missing from the Madrid team which started their victory against Juventus in the Champions League final, providing a stern test for Mourinho's new-look side.
But United struggled against the continent's best, particularly in the first half, as Madrid controlled the tempo with their crisp and purposeful passing.
The English side were unable to effectively keep possession before half-time - managing just 39% of the ball - and mustered only one shot on target when Lukaku headed straight at Madrid keeper Keylor Navas.
Mourinho introduced teenager Rashford at the break, looking to stretch the Spanish club - who the Portuguese boss managed between 2010 and 2013 - on the break.
Although the Red Devils did improve in the second half, they still looked well short of being able to compete with Europe's most talented sides going into their return to the Champions League this season.
Madrid continued to create chances throughout. Bale smashed against the bar when the score was 2-0, while David de Gea also produced superb saves to stop Toni Kroos, Karim Benzema and Marco Asensio.
On the eve of the match, United manager Mourinho said he will "fight with other coaches" to sign Bale if Madrid are willing to sell the Wales forward.
However, he added the former Tottenham winger starting for Madrid in Skopje would be "the clearest signal that he is staying there".
Well, Bale started.
In truth it was always going to be likely as Ronaldo - who came on as a late substitute - only returned to full training at the weekend after being given an extended summer break following Portugal's involvement in the Confederations Cup.
Bale insists he wants to stay at the Bernabeu, but struggled to make a major impact in an injury-hit campaign as Madrid won the Spanish La Liga title and Champions League last season.
The former Southampton player had a chance to prove his worth to Zinedine Zidane as he started up front alongside Karim Benzema.
He instinctively fired over early on, then set up Isco with a perfectly weighted pass before smashing a rising right-footed drive against the bar.
Bale, who was brought off after 75 minutes, will be pleased with his contribution in an impressive team performance.
However, if Madrid do sign exciting Monaco teenager Kylian Mbappe then it would appear Bale could become a peripheral figure at the Bernabeu.
After the game, Bale said he has not been told he can leave.
"I'm just concentrating on football and not listening to anything," he said. "I'm enjoying myself playing here."
Competitive top-level European club games rarely include drink breaks, but they were implemented by Uefa in Skopje after temperatures remained over 30C during the match.
A heatwave nicknamed 'Lucifer' has hit southern Europe with temperatures in the Macedonian capital regularly rising above 40C this week.
The match paused twice - once at the 30-minute mark and again after 72 minutes - for both sets of players to rehydrate.
Both managers used the pair of two-minute breaks to gather their players around and issue some tactical instructions.
Bale said he felt his team coped well with the heat, adding: "It helped we have been training in 38C heat in Madrid."
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho:
"I think we did well. We lost 2-1 which, I think, shows the result was really short, and one of the goals was offside so with a good VAR [video assistant referee] it would be 1-1 and extra time.
"I think they could score more goals than they did, we could score more goals than we did. They had a period of dominance in the middle of the first half, we had a period of dominance in the middle of the second half and some balance in the beginning of the game.
"We were playing against a team of fantastic players and we discussed the result until almost the end, not the end but almost the end."
United, who finished 24 points adrift of champions Chelsea last season, start the new Premier League campaign when they host West Ham United at Old Trafford on Sunday (16:00 BST).
Madrid face arch-rivals Barcelona at the Nou Camp on Sunday, when the sides meet in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup (21:00 BST).
Match ends, Real Madrid 2, Manchester United 1.
Second Half ends, Real Madrid 2, Manchester United 1.
Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right from a direct free kick.
Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Antonio Valencia (Manchester United).
Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Marcus Rashford (Manchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Marcus Rashford (Manchester United).
Foul by Marco Asensio (Real Madrid).
Henrikh Mkhitaryan (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Toni Kroos with a cross following a corner.
Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Matteo Darmian.
Attempt saved. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Lucas Vázquez.
Attempt saved. Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Antonio Valencia with a cross.
Attempt missed. Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Toni Kroos with a cross following a corner.
Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Antonio Valencia.
Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Victor Lindelöf (Manchester United).
Foul by Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid).
Nemanja Matic (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Victor Lindelöf (Manchester United).
Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).
Paul Pogba (Manchester United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Marcus Rashford (Manchester United) right footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick.
Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card.
Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
Marcus Rashford (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Substitution, Real Madrid. Cristiano Ronaldo replaces Karim Benzema.
Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Matteo Darmian.
Corner,  Manchester United. Conceded by Keylor Navas.
Attempt saved. Marcus Rashford (Manchester United) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) because of an injury.
Delay in match Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) because of an injury.
Attempt missed. Marouane Fellaini (Manchester United) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Nemanja Matic with a cross.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
What was that article about?