LOS ANGELES (AP) — Ralph Waite, who played the kind-and-steady patriarch of a tight-knit rural Southern family on the TV series "The Waltons," died Thursday, his manager said. He was 85. 
  
 This photo released by CBS shows Ralph Waite, as Jackson Gibbs, in an episode "The Namesake" from "NCIS," on Tuesdays, 8/7 CT on the CBS Television Network . Waite, 85, who played the father in TV's hit... (Associated Press) 
  
 This photo released by CBS shows Mark Harmon, left, as Leroy Jethro Gibbs, and Ralph Waite, as Jackson Gibbs, in an episode, "Better Angels" in "NCIS," on the CBS Television Network. Waite, 85, who played... (Associated Press) 
  
 Waite, who lived in the Palm Springs area, died at midday, manager Alan Mills said. Mills, who did not know the cause of death, said he was taken aback because Waite had been in good health and still working. 
  
 Waite appeared last year in episodes of the series "NCIS," in which he played the dad of star Mark Harmon's character. He also appeared in "Bones" and "Days of Our Lives." 
  
 "The Waltons," which aired on CBS from 1972 to 1981, starred Waite as John Walton, and Richard Thomas played his oldest son, John-Boy, an aspiring novelist. The gentle family drama was set in the Blue Ridge mountains of Virginia. 
  
 His co-stars on Thursday praised both the actor and the man. 
  
 "I am devastated to announce the loss of my precious 'papa' Walton, Ralph Waite," said Mary McDonough, who played daughter Erin Walton. "I loved him so much; I know he was so special to all of us. He was like a real father to me. Goodnight Daddy. I love you." 
  
 Michael Learned, who played wife Olivia Walton, said she was "devastated" by the death of "a good honest actor and a good honest man." 
  
 "He was my spiritual husband," Learned said in a statement. "We loved each other for over forty years. He died a working actor at the top of his game. He was a loving mentor to many and a role model to an entire generation." 
  
 The show, which followed the Waltons' triumphs and setbacks through the Great Depression and World War II, was narrated by its rich-voiced creator, Earl Hamner Jr., who based it on his family memories. 
  
 It was a TV rarity, a respectful depiction of Southern country life, and proved so popular that it overpowered its hit comedy competition, NBC's "The Flip Wilson Show." 
  
 Waite, a native of White Plains, N.Y., served in the U.S. Marines before earning a bachelor's degree from Bucknell University and a master's degree from Yale University Divinity School, according to a 2010 profile by The Desert Sun. 
  
 He became an ordained Presbyterian minister and then worked at a publishing house, the paper said, before falling under the spell of acting. Waite appeared on the stage before moving onto the big screen with roles in 1967's "Cool Hand Luke" and 1970's "Five Easy Pieces," in which he played the brother of Jack Nicholson's character. 
  
 Waite received an Emmy nomination for "The Waltons" and another for his performance in the ABC miniseries "Roots." 
  
 Waite's role as a steady TV dad in the CBS drama was in contrast to his personal life that was undercut by alcoholism, Waite told The Desert Sun. 
  
 "I was a caring, responsible father to all of these kids. But I was drinking the night before and being a drunk on the side," he said, adding, "I found a way to get sober." 
  
 In 1990, Waite ran unsuccessfully as the Democratic challenger to a four-term Republican incumbent for the congressional district that included Riverside, Palm Springs and Palm Desert, where Waite lived. 
  
 In 1998, he vied for the congressional seat left open after Republican Sony Bono, another performer who turned to politics, died in a skiing accident. Bono's widow, Mary, won the special election. ||||| UPDATED: He was nominated for an Emmy in 1978 for his portrayal of the middle-American paterfamilias. 
  
 Ralph Waite, who was beloved to TV viewers as the ultimate father figure, John Walton, on The Waltons, has died. He passed away at midday on Thursday at his home in South Palm Desert, Steve Gordon, the accountant for the Waite family, told The Hollywood Reporter. 
  
 He was nominated for an Emmy in 1978 for his portrayal of the middle-American paterfamilias. He starred on The Waltons for nine years and directed 15 episodes. "Ralph was a good honest actor and a good honest man," said actress Michael Learned, who portrayed Waite's wife Olivia on The Waltons. "He was my spiritual husband. We loved each other for over forty years. He died a working actor at the top of his game. He was a loving mentor to many and a role model to an entire generation. I'm devastated." 
  
 Prior to landing his role on The Waltons, Waite had been in only one other TV show, a Nichols episode. Waite also performed in the vaunted miniseries Roots, for which he received a 1977 Emmy nomination. 
  
 PHOTOS: Ralph Waite's Career in Pictures 
  
  
  
 More recently, he appeared in Days of Our Lives and had a recurring role as Rev. Norman Balthus on HBO's Carnivale, a part befitting a man who once served as an ordained minister on Long Island. He also appeared as Jackson Gibbs in NCIS over the course of several seasons and as Hank Booth in Bones. 
  
  
  
 Waite was the founder and director of the Los Angeles Actors Theatre, which he established in 1975. To get the company off the ground, Waite allocated $50,000 of his own money to produce and direct revivals of The Hairy Ape and The Kitchen, in which he also performed. 
  
  
  
 LAAT won many critical awards, including the Margaret Harford Award given by the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle for "its consistently high standards, its commitment to adventurous theater and to community involvement." 
  
  
  
 A former social worker and a recovering alcoholic, Waite channeled that background into a film on the lives of people on L.A.'s skid row, On the Nickel, which he produced, directed, wrote and starred in. Under his own production banner, Ralph Waite Productions, he starred as a criminal lawyer in the 1983 TV series The Mississippi. TV movies credits include the titular role in The Secret Life of John Chapman, OHMS, Angel City and The Gentleman Bandit. 
  
  
  
 Politically active, he twice ran unsuccessfully for a congressional seat, including a run for the seat left vacant by the late Sonny Bono in 1998. 
  
  
  
 Ralph Waite was born June 22, 1928, in White Plains, N.Y., and graduated from Bucknell University. He later studied for three years at Yale and earned a Bachelor of Divinity degree. At that juncture, he went on to have stints as a social worker for the Westchester County Department of Welfare, as well as publicity director and associate editor at Harper & Row. He was a minister at the United Church of Christ in Garden City, Long Island. 
  
  
  
 "He was a top-notch minister and a dynamic actor in the pulpit even then," former parishioner and actor Bill Hayes told TV Guide in 1975. "But I don't think Ralph ever enjoyed being asked to conform to the mold or the stereotype expected of most clergymen. He was disturbed by people telling him to straighten his tie or shine his shoes or fix the hole in his sock. He was a very individualistic guy who wanted to be himself." 
  
 STORY: Hollywood Remembers Ralph Waite 
  
  
  
 It was during his ministerial tenure that Waite traveled to his own Damascus, a night he spent with Hayes at an acting class. At age 32, Waite left the ministry to pursue acting. 
  
  
  
 His conversion from the church to the stage was immediately successful. In 1960, Waite got his first stage role in a Broadway production of Blues for Mister Charlie. In his first eight years of acting, he landed appearances in eight Broadway plays, including Hogan's Goat, Watering Place and The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald. He also performed Blues for Mister Charlie in London. 
  
  
  
 As his stage career gathered steam, Waite also garnered small roles in top films: Cool Hand Luke and Five Easy Pieces. In 1969, he featured in coming-of-age saga Last Summer, which starred an up-and-coming Richard Thomas. 
  
  
  
 His other films include Lawman, The Grissom Gang, Dime Box and Sporting Club. 
  
  
  
 He had two daughters, Kathleen and Suzanne. Since 1984, he has been married to his third wife, Linda East. 
  
 Erik Hayden contributed to this article. |||||

Write a summary.