WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Casually propped against a wall, the two rocket launchers and hunting rifle below are just some of a cache of guns inside the home of 'weapons mad' Belgian killer Nordine Amrani. The arsenal was uncovered by police during a raid of the gunman's home during October 2007 and also includes several other powerful rifles, ammunition, and what appears to be a flak jacket. Amrani, who on Tuesday murdered four people and wounded 125 others, also used his home in the city of Liege as a cannabis factory, with police finding more than 2,800 plants during the raid. Scroll down for video... Pictured is a room in Amrani's flat raided by police in October 2007 showing various weapons and military style clothing. Firearms: Pictured are just part of the weapons cache police found at Amrani's flat in October 2007. Plantation: Police found a cannabis den containing 2,800 plants in a shed owned by Amrani in 2007. Amrani had rigged up special lighting and was growing more than 2,000 plants in a shed discovered by police. Yesterday, Amrani's lawyer said he carried out the attack because he feared being sent to back to prison for a sex crime. Killer: Nordine Amrani murdered a cleaning lady in his rented flat before heading off on a bloodthirsty rampage in the centre of the Belgian city. The. 32-year-old convicted criminal, who was due to marry his long-term. girlfriend, used grenades and a semi-automatic rifle to cause carnage in. the Belgian city before turning a revolver on himself. Among. his victims was a 45-year-old cleaning lady whom he shot dead near his. home on Tuesday morning, as well as a 17-month old baby boy. Defence. lawyer Jean-Francois Dister said Amrani, a Belgian from a Moroccan. background, was on parole and was due to answer a summons about. allegedly ‘sexually molesting’  a young woman. He is thought to have attacked the unnamed victim after driving alongside her in his van. Its number plate was captured by CCTV. One of Amrani’s numerous previous convictions was for rape, for which he had been given a two-year suspended sentence in 2003. If convicted again for a sex crime, he would have had to serve it. This would have also meant his girlfriend, a nurse called Perrin Balon, finding out about the sex allegations against him. ‘He feared being returned to prison,’said Mr Dister. ‘He called me twice on Monday afternoon and on Tuesday morning about it. ‘What worried him most was to be jailed again. According to my client it was a set-up by people who wanted to harm him. Mr Amrani had a grudge against the law. 'He thought he had been wrongfully convicted.’ After. Tuesday’s attack, the bag Amrani used to carry his haul of weapons was. found to still contain several loaded magazines, as well as a number of. live grenades. An enquiry has been launched into why he had not been under closer. supervision while on bail after early release from a sentence of nearly. five years. His weapons were confiscated because of his other criminal offences, yet. he managed to obtain a FAL Belgian assault rifle, grenades and other. weapons soon after his release in October 2010. Belgian’s. notoriously liberal criminal justice system is already facing questions. as to why, in October 2010, the killer had been released from prison. three years early after being convicted of firearms and drug offences. Destroyed: Bomb disposal experts created a controlled explosion on the killer's car after finding it parked up in Liege. Police last night conducted thorough searches of a building owned by Nordine Amrani (left) and his flat (right) Looking: Police pictured searching through Nordine Amrani's apartment last night. In. 2008 he had been found guilty of keeping 10 complete firearms, and an. astonishing 9,500 gun parts in his flat, along with 2,800 cannabis. plants nearby. On Tuesday morning, Amrani is thought. to have tried to rape the woman cleaner in his flat, where police had. found an arsenal of weapons including a rocket launcher, AK47 and. Kalashnikov. Police said he. killed her 'with a bullet to her head' and then dumped her body in a. lock-up shed where he was growing cannabis plants. He then left money for Ms Balon, with a note that said: 'Good luck! I love you.' A police source said: 'The cleaner had been working in a neighbour's home. It appears that Amrani had invited her into his own flat to discuss the possibility of cleaning his flat. 'There were signs of a struggle, and it may be that Amrani had tried to rape her. 'Whatever happened, she was undoubtedly his first murder victim on Tuesday morning.' Cedric Visart Bocarme, the Belgian. Attorney General, confirmed that the woman 'would have been murdered by. the killer just before he went to Place Saint-Lambert'. The. attack brought horror to Belgium's fifth largest city, with crowds of. shoppers, many of them children, screaming and running in panic as. grenades exploded and shots rang out. Mourning: A woman places a cuddly toy in a broken bus shelter in the Place Saint-Lambert in Liege. Grief: Five people, including the gunman himself, died in the incident which is being mourned by Belgians. Tributes: People were yesterday morning seen leaving flowers at the scene of the deadly grenade attack in Liege. Clean up: Workers yesterday started to clean up the debris from the rampage. Injured: Cynthia Cannella was wounded in the attack. Today, a small crowd gathered at the Place Saint-Lambert for a minute's silence at 12noon, 24 hours after the shooting. Students at the Saint Barthelemy High School - attended by two of the victims - also joined hands and observed the silence. Abdelhadi Amrani, another lawyer who worked for the killer but is not related, said he had grown up in foster homes after being orphaned as a child. ‘I remember a man deeply marked by the loss of his parents,’ said Ms Amrani. ‘He lost his father and mother very early. He was marked by fate. ‘I would add he was a very smart boy, gifted. 'Nordine often spoke of his desire to start a family. He was to be married to a nurse in Liege.’ Commenting on Amrani’s background, Ms Amrani said: ‘He did not feel at all Moroccan. He did not speak a word of Arabic, and was not Muslim. What he said is that he felt like a Belgian. ‘He was crazy about weapons, but as a. collector. 'He felt he had not had much luck in life and felt unfairly. treated by the courts. 'This was the fed-up cry of a tormented soul – he was estranged from justice, and against society.’ A 17-month-old baby boy called Gabriel. became the fourth victim after dying in hospital late on Tuesday night. despite undergoing hours of emergency treatment. Gabriel was in the arms of his mother. when he was hit by a bullet in the back of the head. The child and his. parents were at the bus stop just below the walkway from where Amrani. opened fire. Amrani had been due to attend a police interview in the late morning but never showed up. Instead. he left his apartment armed with a Belgian-made FN- FAL automatic. rifle, a handgun and up to a dozen grenades carried in a backpack. He. drove the five-minute journey from his 1930s apartment building the. Residence Belvedere and parked his white van in Place St Lambert. He walked on to a raised walkway above a bus stop where lunchtime shoppers were thronging for the opening of a Christmas market. From. his 15ft high vantage point he lobbed three hand grenades towards a. busy bus shelter before opening fire on the crowd. A 15-year-old boy. died instantly while the baby of 17 months and a 17-year-old boy. succumbed to their injuries in hospital. Five. people are still fighting for their lives, including a 75-year old. woman who was initially declared dead on arrival at hospital. Stopped in his tracks: A body, thought to be gunman Nordine Amrani, lies on the pavement close to a gun and full clips of ammunition. It is unknown whether Amrani killed himself deliberately or accidentally. Chaos: Police watch out for the gunman (left) as paramedics attend to the injured (right) A body on a roof overlooking the square in Liege is believed to be that of attacker Nordine Amrani, a convicted sex attacker and drug dealer. Rescuers evacuate injured people at the Place Saint Lambert square. Belgium's King Albert II, centre, and his wife Queen Paola arrived in Liege on Tuesday night to visit the injured.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: