Write some highlights for the following article:

Everton are still looking to add two new players to their ranks with Tom Cleverley of Manchester United among the options for Roberto Martinez. The midfielder made his competitive debut for United three years ago and turns 25 on August 12. He has 78 first team games under his belt  but has been targeted as one of the squad's weaker links after failing to kick-on in the last year with any consistency. Everton manager Martinez was widely credited with improving Cleverley while coaching him at Wigan, where he played 25 games in 2010-11, and the Spaniard is keeping a close on developments at Old Trafford. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Roberto Martinez: Everton need to sign a few more players. On the move? Everton are interested in Manchester United's much-criticised midfielder Tom Cleverley, with manager Roberto Martinez believing he can reinvigorate the England man. Previous experience: Martinez worked with Cleverley when he was manager of Wigan in 2010-11. Louis van Gaal made Cleverley captain for the friendly against Roma in the USA and will inform players on their return to Manchester this week whether they have made the cut for his planned 22-man squad. The midfielder did not excel against Roma but like many of the United players is enjoying his time under the new Dutch coach. Everton have already splashed out in excess of £35m this summer with Romelu Lukaku, Muhamed Besic and Brendan Galloway signed, while David Henen's transfer from Anderlecht is close. A loan deal for Chelsea's Christian Atsu has hit stalemate but is still on, yet a transfer for Cleverley would cost around £8million. Bradford, Cleverley's first club, would also be due a percentage of any sell on. Decision time: Louis van Gaal will trim his United squad to 22 after their tour of the United States. Statement of intent: Everton have already spent big on striker Romelu Lukaku this summer. VIDEO Van Gaal happy with squad. Martinez may yet prefer to bring in Lacina Traore on loan from Monaco or another striker but Cleverley's situation will be clearer by the end of next week. If they pull off two more deals without selling their stars it would be a huge statement of intent from Everton. The concern at United would be that Martinez could find the key to re-invigorating Cleverley. Van Gaal though will recruit in midfield and defence and has been pleasantly surprised by some of the other younger players' performances. Deals for Arturo Vidal of Juventus and Mats Hummels at Borussia Dortmund remain unlikely. LAMPARD ARRIVAL COULD MEAN CITY SALES. Frank Lampard's arrival at Manchester City has lifted hopes at other clubs that certain fringe players in the Premier League champions' squad will be be made available. Sunderland are among the front runners pushing for a deal with Jack Rodwell while Valencia remain eager to take Bruno Zuculini on loan. Incoming: Frank Lampard's arrival on loan at Manchester City could lead to the departure of other players. Good impression: Bruno Zuculini has looked good on Manchester City's pre-season tour of America. Oriol Romeu has returned from the Spanish League to Chelsea only to be loaned out to the Bundesliga with Stuttgart and Valencia want a defensive-minded midfielder to step in. Zuculini has only just joined from Racing in Argentina but showed on the US tour why City have brought him into their squad. Valencia now hope to give him a season in La Liga where he can continue to improve. However, they face competition for Zuculini from Deportivo La Coruna, who are also among the clubs to have expressed an interest in Liverpool's defensive starlet Tiago Ilori. SOUTHAMPTON CHASING 'MUSKETEER' SCHELOTTO. Southampton will hold further talks with Inter Milan over winger Ezequiel Schelotto on Tuesday. The 25-year-old should certainly give Ronald Koeman's team a better cutting edge as his nickname is 'El Mosquetero' or 'The Musketeer' - although that moniker owes more to his hair than his rapier-swishing style on the wing. It is understood the nickname he actually prefers is 'El Galgo' or 'the Greyhound'. Negotiations: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is close to sealing the signing of Ezequiel Schelotto. Whatever name he wishes to use, Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio is keen to push a deal forward. They have agreed terms on Dani Osvaldo and are discussing a loan for midfielder Saphir Taider also. Schelotto's agent Bruno Carpeggiani said: 'The situation with Southampton is active and we are waiting for the deal to go ahead.' Although Argentininian born and raised, Schelotto has been capped by Italy. He spent part of last season on loan at Parma. CANAS SWAPPING SWANSEA FOR ELCHE. Swansea midfielder Jose Canas is due to hold talks with Elche ahead of a return to Spain. Celta Vigo, who are playing a series of friendlies in England at the moment, have also shown an interest in the 27-year-old. Swansea manager Garry Monk left Canas out of the club’s pre-season tour to the US, leading his representatives to begin negotiations with Elche sporting director, Victor Orta. Return: Swansea's Jose Canas is holding talks with Elche ahead of a possible return to Spain. Swansea remain on the trail of Almeria's Ramon Azeez and have made enquiries about the Nigerian. Defender Chico Flores remains a target for Michael Laudrup at Lekhwiya. Wolfsburg have expressed an interest in Wilfried Bony, whose wage demands in excess of £100,000-a-week derailed a potential move to Liverpool. Those figures won't be easy for the Bundesliga side to accommodate either although they have also asked about a deal for Chelsea's Fernando Torres who is on around £150,000. Manager Monk said: 'Unless there's a concrete offer that we think is good for us and we want to do business, it doesn't matter. Even then, we're in control - so all of that doesn't matter, because it's speculation - Wilfried's our player.' Demands: Wolfsburg have shown an interest in Wilfried Bony, but his wages could be a stumbling block. NEWCASTLE SIGN FOREST DUO. Newcastle will sign Jamaal Lascelles and Karl Darlow from Nottingham Forest on Monday and loan the pair back. Manager Alan Pardew remains keen to bring in another striker while a deal for Clement Grenier at Lyon remains a possibility. The 23-year-old France midfielder has long been in Newcastle's sights but he is keen to join a Champions League team. If one of those does not come along soon, the greater the Toon's chances become. Possible deal: Newcastle United have been keen on France international Clement Grenier for a while. LIVERPOOL WRAP UP MORENO DEAL. Liverpool's search for a left-back should be concluded soon as talks progress with Sevilla over the £16m transfer of Alberto Moreno. Sevilla have enquired about Sporting Lisbon's 26-year-old Jefferson Nascimento as a potential short term replacement. LAZIO INTERESTED IN KABOUL. Lazio's interest in Younes Kaboul should help Tottenham offset their pending outlay on Eric Dier and Mateo Musacchio from Villarreal. Tottenham have no plans to sell Jan Vertonghen as part of their defensive restructuring but will continue to listen to offers for Michael Dawson. Kaboul, 28, is valued at around £6m by Tottenham although Lazio want to pay around £3m. They are also looking to offload Michael Ciani to Crystal Palace. Tottenham have no interest in Samuel Eto'o, who is looking more likely to return to Italy at this stage with West Ham also looking at younger options. On his way? Lazio are willing to pay Spurs £3m for Younes Kaboul. WEDNESDAY IMPRESSED BY KELHAR. Sheffield Wednesday have offered Slovenian trialist Dejan Kelhar a short-term contract. The 30-year-old defender, who has won six caps for his country and last played for Red Star Belgrade, has been training at Hillsborough and played in some of their pre-season friendlies. Manager Stuart Gray remains keen to sign a striker but Kelhar has also done enough to earn a deal. Gray said: 'We are offering Dejan a short-term contract and hopefully he will be putting pen to paper for us. Nothing has been finalised, he is mulling it over at the moment.' STOKE STOPPER BACHMANN HEADS TO WREXHAM ON LOAN. Stoke's young goalkeeper Daniel Bachmann is poised to join Conference side Wrexham on loan. The 20 year-old Austrian impressed on trial on Friday when appearing for Wrexham in a friendly against a Bolton select XI.

Highlights: