Cradling a baby in one arm, a mourner gently places flowers on top of a hearse carrying one of five fallen British heroes. The woman laid the bouquet of white roses and irises to pay her respects to Corporal James Walters, 36, as his coffin arrived home from Afghanistan. The Army Air Corps soldier – a door gunner who was married to Tracey and had a daughter, Lainey – was killed when his helicopter plunged to the ground over a Taliban stronghold near the border with Pakistan last month. Scroll down for video. A woman carrying a baby places flowers on a hearse carrying the coffin of one of the five men killed in the helicopter crash in Afghanistan. Grief: Emotions overflow among the 1,000 mourners who lined the streets as the convoy passed by. A young boy holding a cross is comforted as a woman breaks down in tears behind him. They were watching on as a cortege passed through Brize Norton following the repatriation of five British servicemen. More than a. thousand people gathered at Carterton, Oxon, to pay their respects to. the fallen personnel as they returned to British soil. Along. with Corporal Walters, fellow Army Air Corps members Captain Thomas. Clarke and Warrant Officer Spencer Faulkner all died while they were. serving as the Lynx aircraft’s three-man team. They lost their lives together with Flight Lieutenant Rakesh Chauhan of the Royal Air Force and Lance Corporal Oliver Thomas of the Intelligence Corps, who were believed to have been passengers on the flight. Their helicopter went down in Kandahar province, 30 miles from the border with Pakistan, on the morning of April 26. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has denied claims by the Taliban that insurgents shot the helicopter down, with initial investigations indicating a 'tragic accident' rather than enemy action as the cause of the crash. Tragedy: Corporal James Walters (left) of the Army Air Corps, and reservist Lance Corporal Oliver Thomas (right) were killed in the crash. Victims: Captain Thomas Clarke, 30, (left) and Warrant Officer Class 2 Spencer Faulkner (right) of the Army Air Corps were among five British servicemen killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan. Flight Lieutenant Rakesh Chauhan of the Royal Air Force, who was one of five service personnel that died when their helicopter went down in Kandahar province, 30 miles from the border with Pakistan. More than 1,000 mourners - including serving personnel, schoolchildren and local residents - stood in silence on Norton Way for one of the largest repatriations the small town has seen. At 1.30pm, the five servicemen were flown into RAF Brize Norton, where a private ceremony for close relatives took place. Family members then lined the road on Norton Way, clutching flowers including red and white roses, lilies, brightly coloured tulips and yellow daffodils. The street fell silent at 4.52pm, when the bell tolled to mark the arrival of the servicemen’s families at the Memorial Garden. Flag bearers from military organisations from across the country raised their banners and lowered them as the bell tolled again at 5.15pm, when the hearses drew up. All five families threw flowers on top of the hearses, with some mourners touching the glass and hearses as they wept. Five minutes later, the coffins, draped with Union flags, were then driven to the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. The crowds loudly applauded as the hearses drew away to the peal of bells. Following the deaths of the five men, the Ministry of Defence and their families issued touching tributes. Group. Captain Richard Maddison, Station Commander at RAF Odiham, where all of. the five men except L/Cpl Thomas were based, said: 'As with all losses. of personnel in Afghanistan, we mourn the loss of our most capable and. dedicated personnel, who served without complaint and in full. understanding of the risks associated with their roles. 'They were fine ambassadors for their unit and for defence as a whole, and we shall not forget them.' Capt. Clarke, 30, from Cowbridge, South Wales, was a pilot and 'rising star' in the AAC who was 'full of life and immensely committed to his soldiers. and friends'. WO. Faulkner, 38, was an 'experienced aviator, loving husband and hugely. dedicated father to two children' who had been deployed to Afghanistan. on numerous occasions. Cpl. Walters, 36, known as Bungle, was a 'highly respected' junior. non-commissioned officer who had deployed to Afghanistan on numerous. occasions. Regularly. at the centre of any debate, especially when the subject involved rugby. or Cornwall, the helicopter’s gunner was known to be a consummate. professional'. Flt Lt Chauhan, 29, from Birmingham, was on his third tour of duty in Afghanistan as an intelligence officer when he died. As the cortege passes by, three female mourners are reduced to tears. They raise their hands to their faces as coffins containing five British servicemen are transported slowly through Carterton, Oxon. The cortege comes to a halt as mourners pay their respects to the five servicemen who were killed. Some lay flowers on the roofs of the hearses while others stand and watch on in solemn silence. All five families of the victims threw flowers on top of the hearses, with some mourners touching the glass and hearses as they wept. As the hearses passed the Memorial Garden in Carterton, more and more tearful friends and family stepped forward with flowers to pay their respects. Known as Rak to his comrades, he was said to be 'charming, funny and sharp as a tack'. L/Cpl Thomas, 26, from Brecon in Powys, Mid Wales, had volunteered for deployment to Afghanistan and arrived there in December last year. His family described him as a 'truly amazing person, living his life to the full, while fulfilling some of his many dreams and adventures'. The helicopter in which the men were travelling is believed to have been from AAC 657 Squadron, a top unit based at RAF Odiham which provides support and transport for special forces troops. The aircraft went down in the Takhta Pul district of Kandahar, in what was the worst incident involving a British military helicopter in Afghanistan since the war began there in 2001. The crash caused the third biggest single loss of life of British troops since the conflict in Afghanistan began and brought the total number of service personnel killed there to 453. The incident equalled the previous worst disaster involving a British helicopter, when a Lynx aircraft crashed in Basra City, Iraq, in May 2006 killing the five service personnel on board. Crowds pay tribute as the coffins  pass the Memorial Garden in Carterton after being repatriated to nearby RAF Brize Norton. Earlier in the day a Royal Air Force aircraft arrived at RAF Brize Norton carrying the bodies of the five men. As a Union flag-covered coffin is carried past, mourners throw white and red roses on to the roof of the hearse. Mourners lined the road on Norton Way, clutching flowers including red and white roses, lilies, brightly coloured tulips and yellow daffodils. Speaking after the moving service, Lynn Little, mayor of Carterton, described the large turnout as 'tremendous'. Councillor Little, who also acts as a liaison officer for the bereaved families, said: “It was a very sad occasion but then it always is. 'We are proud of our service families and serving personnel, when something tragic like this happens the least we can do is support them on a day like today. 'There are a tremendous amount of people here today, there are around 300 Army Air Corps and then a lot of local people too. 'As mayor, I am very proud so many have come out to offer their support. 'It is something we don’t want, we wish it didn’t happen but when it does we get out here for these families.' Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted: 'My thoughts go out to the friends and families of the five servicemen being repatriated at RAF Brize Norton.' Loved-ones embrace and gather their strength as they wait for the coffins to arrive from nearby RAF Brize Norton. Tearful embrace: two women comfort each other as crowds gather to pay their respects. Following the deaths of the five men, the Ministry of Defence and their families issued touching tributes. Hundreds gathered for the poignant event. Lynn Little, mayor of Carterton, described the large turnout as ¿tremendous¿.
Summarize the highlights of this article.