Information:  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - FOREST (short for "Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco") is a United Kingdom political pressure group which campaigns against tobacco control activity.  - Alanis Nadine Morissette (born June 1, 1974) is a Canadian-American alternative rock singer-songwriter, musician, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and actress. Morissette began her career in Canada in the early 1990s, with two commercially successful dance-pop albums. Afterwards, she moved to Holmby Hills, Los Angeles, and in 1995 released "Jagged Little Pill", a more rock-oriented album which sold more than 33 million units globally and is her most critically acclaimed work. Her following album, "Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie", was released in 1998.  - Jagged Little Pill is the third studio album and international debut album by Canadian singer Alanis Morissette, first released on June 13, 1995, through Maverick Records. Morissette had released two successful albums in Canada, after which she left MCA Records Canada and was introduced to manager Scott Welch. Morissette began work on her next album after moving from her hometown, Ottawa, to Toronto; she did not make much progress until she traveled to Los Angeles, where she met Glen Ballard. Morissette and Ballard had an instant connection, and began co-writing and experimenting with sounds.  - `` Walk Away '' is a pop - dance song co-written by Alanis Morissette , Leslie Howe , Louise Reny and Frank Levin , and produced by Howe for Morissette 's debut album , Alanis ( 1991 ) . Its protagonist sends a warning to her boyfriend who `` never think ( s ) twice before ( he ) break all the rules '' , telling him `` I 'll walk away and say good bye if you do n't want me anymore ... if I do n't get the love we had before '' . It was released to radio and television as the album 's second single in 1991 ( see 1991 in music ) , but it was not given a commercial release . The promotional single for the song includes a radio edit only . The song charted at number 35 in Canada . It was also featured in the film Problem Child 2 . `` Walk Away '' was one of the demo recordings Leslie Howe and Morissette created with keyboardist Serge Côté in the studio , after Howe and her entertainment manager Stephan Klovan had decided to try to secure a record contract for her .  - Now Is the Time is the second studio album by Alanis Morissette, released only in Canada on August 1, 1992. It was the final album for MCA Records Canada. Morissette recorded the album with Leslie Howe, who produced her debut album, "Alanis" (1991).  - A record producer or music producer oversees and manages the sound recording and production of a band or performer's music, which may range from recording one song to recording a lengthy concept album. A producer has many roles during the recording process. The roles of a producer vary. He or she may gather musical ideas for the project, collaborate with the artists to select cover tunes or original songs by the artist/group, work with artists and help them to improve their songs, lyrics or arrangements.   - Robert Bruce Simonds, Jr. (born 1964) is an American film producer and the Chairman and CEO of movie studio STX Entertainment. His over thirty Hollywood studio movies have generated well in excess of $6 billion in worldwide revenue, including "Cheaper by the Dozen" and "The Pink Panther" with Steve Martin, "Big Daddy" and "The Waterboy" with Adam Sandler, and "This Means War" with Academy Award-winning actress Reese Witherspoon and Tom Hardy. Simonds has also produced a number of highly-profitable cult films, including "The Wedding Singer", "Joe Dirt", "Half Baked", and "Happy Gilmore". To this extent, throughout his hands-on producing career Simonds had the single best studio track record for profitability on his films.  - Leslie Howe is a Canadian musician and record producer based in Ottawa, Ontario. He has been a member of the bands One to One, Sal's Birdland and Artificial Joy Club, and produced Alanis Morissette's early pop music albums, "Alanis" (1991) and "Now Is the Time" (1992).  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Problem Child 2 is the 1991 comedy film sequel to the 1990 film "Problem Child"; a continuation of the exploits of Junior, an adopted orphan boy who deliberately wreaks comedic havoc everywhere he goes. In it, Amy Yasbeck portrays Annie Young, unlike the first one in which she portrayed Flo Healy, wife of Ben (John Ritter). It was produced by producer Robert Simonds, who also produced the first one. It was rated PG-13, unlike its predecessor, which was rated PG.  - Montreal officially Montréal in both Canadian English and French, is the most populous municipality in Quebec and the 2nd-most populous in Canada. Originally called "Ville-Marie", or "City of Mary," it is named after Mount Royal, the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city. The city is on the Island of Montreal, which took its name from the same source as the city, and a few much smaller peripheral islands, the largest of which is Île Bizard. It has a distinct four-season continental climate with warm to hot summers and cold snowy winters.  - Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s and 2000s. In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).  - Dance-pop is a pop and dance subgenre that originated in the early 1980s. It is generally up-tempo music intended for nightclubs with the intention of being danceable but also suitable for contemporary hit radio. Developing from a combination of electronic dance music and pop music, with influences of disco music, post-disco, new wave, synthpop, electropop and house, it is generally characterised by strong beats with easy, uncomplicated song structures which are generally more similar to pop music than the more free-form dance genre, with an emphasis on melody as well as catchy tunes. The genre, on the whole, tends to be producer-driven, despite some notable exceptions.  - Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie is the fourth studio album and second internationally released album by singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette, released by Maverick Records in the United States on November 3, 1998.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'record label' with 'mca records'.
A: