Here is a news article: Hello Reddit, 
  
 I’m just a normal guy, who spends his free time with his hot wife and cat in St. Louis. I didn’t see any of this coming, it’s been a crazy week. I want to make something good come out of this moment, so I’m donating a portion of the proceeds from my Represent T-Shirt campaign to the St. Patrick Center raising money to fight homelessness in St. Louis. 
  
 I’m an open book doing this AMA at my desk at work and excited to answer America’s question. 
  
 Please support the campaign and the fight on homelessness! Represent.com/bonezone 
  
 Proof: http://i.imgur.com/GdMsMZ9.jpg 
  
 Edit: signing off now, just like my whole experience so far this has been overwhelmingly positive! Special thanks to my Reddit brethren for sticking up for me when the few negative people attack. Let's just show that we're better than that by not answering hate with hate. Maybe do this again in a few weeks when the ride is over if you have questions about returning to normal. 
  
 My client will be answering no further questions. 
  
 NEW EDIT: This post is about to be locked, but questions are still coming in. I made a new AMA to keep this going. You can find it here! ||||| via Reddit 
  
 Updated 9:20 a.m.: American treasure , Man who believed Trayvon Martin's fatal shooting was "justified," St. Louis native, winner of the second 2016 presidential debate and still-not-quite-decided voter Kenneth Bone graced Reddit with his very own AMA Thursday evening—and at first, it was even more glorious than we could have hoped. Unfortunately for him, it was overshadowed by Reddit users who noticed his extensive and weird Reddit comment history, which included commenting on the death of Trayvon Martin. 
  
 Bone, as GQ, Gizmodo and others have noted, tried to do an AMA a day ago but shut it down after users realized he was posting from his regular Reddit account—a.k.a., the account he has used to discuss such subjects as Jennifer Lawrence's right to privacy (“Maybe she should have been more careful with her pics, but the bad guys are still the ones who sought them out and looked at them. By which I mean guys like me. I saw her butt hole. I liked it.”), his thoughts on pregnant women (“beautiful human submarines”), and left this comment on a thread about Martin's fatal shooting in Florida at the hands of George Zimmerman: 
  
 "It doesn't have to be a one or the other view here. From what I read about the case, the shooting of Trayvon Martin was justified, but from what I've learned of Zimmerman through statements, interview, and behavior he is a big ole shit bird. Bad guy legally kills kid in self defense. Sucks for everybody, including us due to the media fuckery." 
  
 Ugh, no. 
  
 We're not the only ones who thought Bone would be the meme-making treasure that America needed at first: even Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton tweeted about "impeccably dressed" Bone this week, and Bone's unique combination of red sweater, aggressive mustache, and je ne sais quoi spawned a thousand think pieces. 
  
 Ken "I mustache you a question" Bone, rose to his current status as king of memes Sunday night after he asked Clinton and Donald Trump a question about energy policy during the second debate. He went back on Reddit Thursday night to weigh in on less controversial matters, including Halloween costumes and whether he would announce how he plans to vote on Nov. 8. He also bragged about his "hot wife" (um...) got an invitation to smoke from Snoop Dogg himself, and pimped his new T-shirt campaign, which he will use in part to raise money for a St. Louis organization that helps the homeless. He curiously did not pimp his new relationship with Uber: 
  
 Hello Reddit, I’m just a normal guy, who spends his free time with his hot wife and cat in St. Louis. I didn’t see any of this coming, it’s been a crazy week. I want to make something good come out of this moment, so I’m donating a portion of the proceeds from my Represent T-Shirt campaign to the St. Patrick Center raising money to fight homelessness in St. Louis. 
  
 Reddit users were all over the most recent AMA, which started shortly after 7 p.m. Central Time, quickly identifying the 34-year-old Bone as "one of us, one of us..." for his quick-witted, instant-meme-generator replies. On the phenomenon of Sexy Ken Bone Halloween costumes, Bone replied that he was already a Sexy Ken Bone, thank you very much, and would more likely be going as "Obi Wan Kenboni" this year for Halloween: 
  
 When asked whether he would run as an Independent in the next presidential election, Bone did not rule it out. However, "I don't even go to HOA meetings," he wrote, so don't count on it. He said he is getting closer to deciding how to vote, but will not be announcing his vote because "I want you all to make up your own minds." 
  
 Bone also showed he wasn't above self-parody: 
  
 Read on to learn more about meme-master Ken Bone, why he reps '60s-era St. Louis Cardinal Mike Shannon, and how he plans to hook his dad up with Snoop Dogg in L.A. 
  
  
  
  ||||| Talk about building them up to knock them down. 
  
 With his red sweater and earnest questions about energy policy at the Clinton/Trump town hall debate, Kenneth Bone quickly became a shorthand for all that is right about American democracy: mutual respect, caring about the issues, and the truly unifying power of a pun on the word “bone.” 
  
 While cable news networks quibbled about whether Clinton or Trump had won the debate, the internet knew who the true winner was, and everyone wanted to be in the #bonezone. 
  
 Kenneth spent most of this week touring TV studios, packing in a schedule of public appearances of which any political commentator would be envious. He’s even slated to be one of the guests on a special live edition of Jimmy Kimmel Live! airing after the third presidential debate. 
  
 Now that guest slot—and his reputation overall—may be in jeopardy. 
  
 The first rumblings of discontent came when Ken started cashing in on his newfound fame (as any of us would, really), posting an illegal ad for Uber’s luxury car service Uber Select on Twitter on Thursday (his following on the social-media network has skyrocketed from seven, two of which were his grandma, to 237,000 and climbing.) 
  
 Ken’s de-beatification was made complete, however, after he was invited to host an Ask Me Anything session on Reddit. 
  
 The wheels fell off the Bone-mobile as Ken unwisely used the same alias in the AMA that he had used to make a variety of decidedly less than wholesome remarks over the past few years. 
  
 Here, for example, is Ken weighing in on the hacked nude Jennifer Lawrence pictures: 
  
 “Maybe she should have been more careful with her pics, but the bad guys are still the ones who sought them out and looked at them. By which I mean guys like me. I saw her butt hole. I liked it.” 
  
 That’s so gross that you can almost imagine Donald Trump saying it. Lawrence herself has said of the stolen images, “Anybody who looked at those pictures, you’re perpetuating a sexual offense. You should cower with shame.” 
  
 It turns out that Bone was a regular participant in several NSFW forums, including one devoted to pregnant women in swimsuits, who he referred to as “beautiful human submarines.” 
  
 Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily Digest Start and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat Sheet A speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking “Subscribe,” you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason. 
  
 He even admitted to committing “felony insurance fraud”: 
  
 Most damaging of all, he suggested the killing of Trayvon Martin was “legally justified”—however we should note that Bone did go on to add that George Zimmerman, who was acquitted in the killing of the unarmed teenager on the basis of Florida’s controversial Stand Your Ground law, was a “big ole shit bird.” 
  
 “Bad guy legally kills kid in self defence,” he wrote. “Sucks for everybody, including us due to media fuckery.” 
  
 Will this election cycle drain the good out of everything? |||||
A summary of this is?