Q:Information:  - Jurisprudence is the science, study, and theory of law. It includes principles behind law that make the law. Scholars of jurisprudence, also known as jurists or legal theorists (including legal philosophers and social theorists of law), hope to obtain a deeper understanding of the nature of law, of legal reasoning, legal systems, and of legal institutions. Modern jurisprudence began in the 18th century and was focused on the first principles of the natural law, civil law, and the law of nations. General jurisprudence can be divided into categories both by the type of question scholars seek to answer and by the theories of jurisprudence, or schools of thought, regarding how those questions are best answered. Contemporary philosophy of law, which deals with general jurisprudence, addresses problems in two rough groups:  - The Quran (; ', literally meaning "the recitation"; also romanized Qur'an or Koran"') is the central religious text of Islam, which Muslims believe to be a revelation from God ("Allah"). It is widely regarded as the finest work in classical Arabic literature. The Quran is divided into chapters ("surah" in Arabic), which are then divided into verses ("ayah").  - Fiqh is Islamic jurisprudence. While "Sharia" is believed by Muslims to represent divine law as revealed in the Quran and the "Sunnah" (the teachings and practices of the Islamic prophet Muhammad), "fiqh" is the human understanding of the "Sharia""sharia" expanded and developed by interpretation ("ijtihad") of the Quran and "Sunnah" by Islamic jurists ("Ulama") and implemented by the rulings ("Fatwa") of jurists on questions presented to them.  - Sabzevar County is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Sabzevar. At the 2006 census, the county's population (including portions of the county later split from it to form Joghatai County, Jowayin County, Khoshab County, and Davarzan County) was 429,187, in 116,891 families; excluding those portions, the population was 273,898 in 75,668 families. The county has four districts: Central District, Davarzan District, Rud Ab District, and Sheshtomad District. The county has four cities: Sabzevar, Davarzan, Rud Ab, and Sheshtomad.  - Ulama (', singular ', "scholar", literally "the learned ones", also spelled "ulema"; feminine: "alimah" (singular) and "uluma" (plural)) are "those recognized as scholars or authorities" in the "religious hierarchy" of the Islamic religious studies. They are the guardians of legal and religious tradition in Islam. Often they are "Imams of important mosques, judges, teachers in the religious faculties of universities". The term may also include the body of Muslim Islamic scholars trained in the whole body of Islamic law and in other Islamic disciplines; but it may also be used to include the village mullahs and imams on the lowest rungs of the ladder of Islamic scholarship, inasmuch as they correspond most closely to the class of the scribes or rabbis in Judaism.  - Mesopotamia ("[land] between rivers"; from Ancient Armenian  (Mijagetq); "bild ar-rfidayn" "miyn rodn"; "Beth Nahrain" "land of rivers") is a name for the area of the TigrisEuphrates river system, in modern days roughly corresponding to most of Iraq plus Kuwait, the eastern parts of Syria, Southeastern Turkey, and regions along the Turkish-Syrian and IranIraq borders.  - Iran (, also , ; ' ), also known as Persia, officially the Islamic Republic of Iran (' ), is a sovereign state in Western Asia. It is bordered to the northwest by Armenia, the "de facto" Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, and Azerbaijan; to the north by the Caspian Sea; to the northeast by Turkmenistan; to the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan; to the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman; and to the west by Turkey and Iraq. Comprising a land area of , it is the second-largest country in the Middle East and the 18th-largest in the world. With 82.8 million inhabitants, Iran is the world's 17th-most-populous country. It is the only country with both a Caspian Sea and an Indian Ocean coastline. The country's central location in Eurasia and Western Asia, and its proximity to the Strait of Hormuz, make it of great geostrategic importance. Tehran is the country's capital and largest city, as well as its leading economic center.  - The Arab world ('; formally: '), also known as the Arab nation (""), consists of the 22 Arabic-speaking countries of the Arab League. These Arab states occupy an area stretching from the Atlantic Ocean in the west to the Arabian Sea in the east, and from the Mediterranean Sea in the north to the Horn of Africa and the Indian Ocean in the southeast. The contemporary Arab world has a combined population of around 422 million people, over half of whom are under 25 years of age.  - Muhammad (c. 570 CE  8 June 632 CE) is the central figure of Islam and widely regarded as its founder by non-Muslims. He is known as the "Holy Prophet" to Muslims, almost all of whom consider him to be the last prophet sent by God to mankind to restore Islam, believed by Muslims to be the unaltered original monotheistic faith of Adam, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and other prophets. Muhammad united Arabia into a single Muslim polity and ensured that his teachings, practices, and the Quran, formed the basis of Islamic religious belief.  - Razavi Khorasan Province ("Ostn-e Khorsn-e Raav") is a province located in northeastern Iran. Mashhad is the center and capital of the province. Other cities and counties are Quchan, Dargaz, Chenaran, Sarakhs, Fariman, Torbat-e Heydarieh, Torbat-e Jam, Taybad, Khaf, Roshtkhar, Kashmar, Bardaskan, Nishapur, Sabzevar, Gonabad, Kalat, Khalilabad and Mahvelat. Razavi Khorasan is one of the three provinces that were created after the division of Khorasan Province in 2004. In 2014 it was placed in Region 5 with Mashhad as the location of the region's secretariat.  - Arabic (' or ' ) is a Central Semitic language that was first spoken in Iron Age northwestern Arabia and is now the "lingua franca" of the Arab world. Arabic also is a liturgical language of 1.7 billion Muslims. It is one of six official languages of the United Nations. It is named after the Arabs, a term initially used to describe peoples living from Mesopotamia in the east to the Anti-Lebanon mountains in the west, and from northwestern Arabia to the Sinai in the south.  - Lebanon , officially known as the Lebanese Republic, is a sovereign state in Western Asia. It is bordered by Syria to the north and east and Israel to the south, while Cyprus is west across the Mediterranean Sea. Lebanon's location at the crossroads of the Mediterranean Basin and the Arabian hinterland facilitated its rich history and shaped a cultural identity of religious and ethnic diversity. At just 10,452 km (4,036 sq. mi.), it is the smallest recognized country on the entire mainland Asian continent.  - Sabzevar is a city in, and the capital of Sabzevar County, in Razavi Khorasan Province in northeastern Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208,172, in 57,024 families.   - A fatw (plural fatw ) in the Islamic faith is a nonbinding but authoritative legal opinion or learned interpretation that the Sheikhul Islam, a qualified jurist or mufti, can give on issues pertaining to the Islamic law. The person who issues a fatw is called, in that respect, a "mufti", i.e. an issuer of fatw, from the verb  "<nowiki>'</nowiki>aft" = "he gave a formal legal opinion on". This is not necessarily a formal position since most Muslims argue that anyone trained in Islamic law may give an opinion (fatw) on its teachings. If a fatw does not break new ground, then it is simply called a "ruling".  - Abu Bakr Ahmad ibn Husayn Ibn ' Ali Ibn Moussa al - Khosrojerdi al - Bayhaqi ( Arabic ) ,  also known as Imam Al - Bayhaqi was born 994 CE / 384AH in the small town of Khusraugird near Sabzevar , then known as Bayhaq , in Khurasan . During his lifetime , he became a famous Sunni hadith expert , following the Shafi'i school in fiqh and the Ash'ari school of aqeedah .  - Arabs are a people inhabiting the Arab world. They primarily live in the Arab states in Western Asia, North Africa, the Horn of Africa, and western Indian Ocean islands.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'place of death' with 'nishapur'.
A: