News article:

The mother of Boston Marathon bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev knew as early as 2011 that her son had been radicalized and sent text messages to family in Russia suggesting he was willing to die for Islam, the FBI told lawmakers this week according to two officials with knowledge of the Capitol Hill briefing. 
  
 Tsarnaev, who was killed days after the April 15 bombing in a shootout with police, is said to have embraced radical Islam in recent years and recruited his younger brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, to carry out the attack that killed three and wounded more than 180 near the finish line of the world's most prestigious road race. 
  
 Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was caught alive but wounded on Friday and charged with use of a weapon of mass destruction, for which he could get the death penalty. 
  
 The FBI filed a federal criminal complaint against the 19-year-old on Sunday, and federal District Court Judge Marianne Bowler arrived at the hospital where he is being treated to preside over his initial hearing Monday, when she read him his Miranda rights. 
  
 [FBI officials told The Associated Press Wednesday that Tsarnaev acknowledged to investigators his role in the attacks before he was advised of his constitutional rights. He reportedly said he was only recently recruited by his brother to be part of the attack.] 
  
 But Fox News' sources say there was confusion about Bowler's timing, with some voicing concerns that investigators were not given enough time to question Dzhokhar under the "public safety exception" invoked by the Justice Department. 
  
 Two officials with knowledge of the FBI briefing on Capitol Hill said the FBI was against stopping the investigators' questioning and was stunned that the judge, Justice Department prosecutors and public defenders showed up, feeling valuable intelligence may have been sacrificed as a result. 
  
 The FBI had been questioning Tsarnaev for 16 hours before the judge called a start to the court proceeding, officials familiar with the Capitol Hill briefing told Fox News. Moreover, the FBI informed lawmakers that the suspect had been providing valuable intelligence, but stopped talking once the magistrate judge read him his rights. 
  
 But Justice Department spokesman Dean Boyd disputed the claims, saying that the suspect’s initial appearance was scheduled following the filing of the criminal complaint in a manner “consistent” with procedure – and that the agents were aware. 
  
 “The Rules of Criminal Procedure require the court to advise the defendant of his right to silence and his right to counsel during the initial appearance. The prosecutors and FBI agents in Boston were advised of the scheduled initial appearance in advance of its occurrence,” Boyd said. 
  
 A federal law enforcement official also told Fox News that the courts, not the Justice Department, made the decision on when and where to hold the hearing. 
  
 “The (FBI) agents and prosecutors were notified beforehand,” the official said, claiming those agents had already left the room when the judge came in. 
  
 The exact timeline is unclear. A transcript of the court proceeding shows Bowler asking a doctor if Tsarnaev was "alert." 
  
 "You can rouse him," she says in the transcript. 
  
 "How are you feeling? Are you able to answer some questions?" the doctor asks Tsarnaev, who nods. 
  
 Although Bowler advised Tsarnaev, an ethnic Chechen and U.S. citizen, of his Miranda rights, it remains to be seen whether anything he told investigators before Bowler arrived can be admitted as evidence against him -- or whether such interrogations would even be needed to convict him, given the amount of other evidence referenced in the criminal complaint signed by FBI Special Agent Daniel Genck. 
  
 Some Republican lawmakers have criticized the Obama administration for deciding against treating Tsarnaev as an enemy combatant, which would allow more time for interrogating him. The public safety exception to Miranda lasts only 48 hours. 
  
 Megyn Kelly currently serves as anchor of FOX News Channel's (FNC) The Kelly File (weekdays 9-10PM/ET) and is based in New York. She joined the network in 2004 as a Washington-based correspondent. Click here for more information on Megyn Kelly. ||||| Speaking exclusively with CNN’s Nick Paton Walsh this morning, the Boston bombing suspects’ mother Zubeidat Tsarnaev revealed that she is unsure what to make of their sons’ alleged killing spree, and that she believes the entire ordeal was staged like a “really big play” with paint being used as fake blood. 
  
 “American officials say your sons murdered three people and injured over a hundred and they deliberately planted bombs in a civilian area and detonated them and then went on the run shooting people,” Walsh explained to the Tsarnaev mother. 
  
 “You’ve seen the pictures,” he said as she seemingly shook her head in denial. “There are people in Boston who want to know why and they believe they did this, they believe that,” Walsh pressed. 
  
 Her response indicated a belief that the bombings were staged: 
  
 “You know, I saw a very, very interesting video last night that the marathon was something like a really big play. There is, like, paint instead of blood, like it is made-up something.” 
  
 In return, Walsh challenged her: “You really believe that? I know it’s hard for you to believe what the American officials are saying, but do you believe the whole thing was a show? Why would it be a show?” 
  
 “That’s what I want to know,” she concluded, “because everybody’s talking about it that this is a show, that’s what I want to know.” 
  
 Watch the exchange below, via CNN: 
  
 — — 
  
 >> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter ||||| Anzor Tsarnaev, who calls himself father of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings, gives an interview in Makhachkala in this video grab from footage via Reuters TV, April 19, 2013. 
  
 MAKHACHKALA, Russia The father of two men suspected of carrying out the Boston bombings said on Thursday he would travel from Russia to the United States to bury his elder son. 
  
 Anzor Tsarnaev and former wife Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, sitting side by side in the southern Russian city of Makhachkala, denied their sons had planted the bombs at the Boston marathon which killed three people and wounded 264, saying they had been framed. 
  
 Banging the table in front of him, Anzor said: "I am going to the United States. I want to say that I am going there to see my son, to bury the older one. I don't have any bad intentions. I don't plan to blow up anything. 
  
 "I am not angry at anyone. I want to go find out the truth," said Anzor, who took off his sunglasses only when photographers asked him to. 
  
 He said he would go as soon as possible but that he had not yet bought a plane ticket. 
  
 Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, her face pinched under her black head scarf, criticized the U.S. police for shooting dead Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, four days after the bombing. 
  
 The other son Dzhokhar, 19, was wounded and captured after a manhunt. He is in a fair condition in hospital and is charged with two crimes that carry a possible death penalty. 
  
 "I wanted to scream to the whole world, 'What did you do?' What have you done with my son? He was alive. Why did you need to kill him? Why didn't you send him to Guantanamo or whatever? Why? Why? Why did they have to kill him? They got him alive, he was in their hands," she shouted, her voice cracking. 
  
 "It is some kind of show, spectacle," she said in accented English. 
  
 She recounted how she had called Tamerlan after the bombing and he had told her not to worry. 
  
 "There is a lot that is unexplained," she said, adding that she was considering giving up her U.S. citizenship. 
  
 The Tsarnaev family lived in Makhachkala, the capital of the restive Dagestan region in Russia's volatile North Сaucasus, more than a decade ago before emigrating to the United States. 
  
 Anzor and Zubeidat later returned to Russia and their two sons remained in the United States, although Tamerlan came to Dagestan during a six-month stay in Russia last year. 
  
 (Reporting by Alissa de Carbonnel; Writing by Elizabeth Piper; Editing by Timothy Heritage and Alistair Lyon) |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?