While visiting Arlington National Cemetery last month, Lindsey Stone thought it would be amusing to snap a photo of herself "disrespecting" the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier by flipping it off and pretending to make noise. 
  
 She later uploaded the photo to her Facebook page, thinking her friends would get a kick out of it as well. 
  
 To her chagrin, many of the comments she received were decidedly unsupportive of her shenanigans, so she decided to try and nip the outrage in the bud by posting a mea culpa of sorts. 
  
 "Whoa whoa whoa... wait," Stone wrote on October 20th. "This is just us, being the douchebags that we are, challenging authority in general. Much like the pic posted the night before, of me smoking right next to a no smoking sign. OBVIOUSLY we meant NO disrespect to people that serve or have served our country." 
  
 The uproar seemed to die down for a minute, but soon enough the photo found its way to someone with enough time to take the indignation to the next level. 
  
 A Facebook page called "Fire Lindsey Stone" was created less than a day ago and has already amassed over 4,000 likes. Started by a former servicemember, the page calls for Stone to be terminated from her job at LIFE, a Cape Cod-based nonprofit that houses adults with learning disabilities. 
  
 "Let her employer know how much of a waste of oxygen this disrespectful person is," wrote the page's creator, who notes that Stone's trip to Arlington National Cemetery was paid for by the organization. 
  
 Unable to ignore the flood of comments from irate anti-Lindsey Stone activists, LIFE released the following statement a few minutes ago: 
  
 On Nov. 19 at approximately 6 p.m., we became aware that one of our employees had posted an offensive, inappropriate photograph on her personal Facebook page. The photo was taken at a national historic site in October by a fellow employee during a trip to Washington, D.C. attended by 40 residents and eight staff. The photo has since been removed from Facebook, and both employees have been placed on unpaid leave pending the results of an internal investigation. This photograph in no way reflects the opinions or values of the LIFE organization, which holds our nation's veterans in the highest regard. We are proud to have veterans serving on our staff and board of trustees, and we value their service. The men and women who have selflessly fought and sacrificed their lives to protect the rights and lives of Americans deserve our utmost respect and gratitude. We are acutely aware that this photo has done a disservice to veterans and we are deeply saddened that it was taken and shared in a public medium. 
  
 The most important question that must now be asked is "does Lindsey Stone deserve to have her future employment imperiled — at LIFE or elsewhere — because of an admittedly dumb photo posted in jest on her personal Facebook page?" 
  
 On Fark, where the topic has incited heated debate, one user decried America's "out of control military worship." Another user retorted that it wasn't military worship "to show a little goddamn respect once in a while." 
  
 Meanwhile, Stone has deleted all of her Facebook posts save for a few friend requests. It seems unlikely that she will issue another statement, but, at this point, would the Internet even care what she had to say? 
  
 [images via wizbang] ||||| BOSTON (CBS) – Two women have been placed on unpaid leave from their jobs after their photo at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia angered thousands of people on Facebook. 
  
 UPDATE: Women fired after photo outrage 
  
 Lindsey Stone was visiting the Tomb of the Unknowns last month on a business trip when she posed for a picture next to a sign that reads “silence and respect.” 
  
 In the photo, Stone is pretending to yell and she’s showing her middle finger. 
  
 The photo, taken by co-worker Jamie Schuh, went viral and sparked anger among veterans. 
  
 “I can understand why veterans would be all upset over this,” says Edward LeBlanc who was in the Air Force for 20 years and served two tours in Vietnam. “It’s disrespectful, she’s telling us to go “F” ourselves and I don’t think that’s real bright and good for anybody.” 
  
 Some angry comments were posted on the Facebook page of their employer, Living Independently Forever, Inc.,(LIFE) a non-profit organization in Hyannis that helps adults with disabilities on Cape Cod. 
  
 The uproar forced the organization to post this statement Tuesday afternoon: 
  
 “On Nov. 19 at approximately 6 p.m., we became aware that one of our employees had posted an offensive, inappropriate photograph on her personal Facebook page. The photo was taken at a national historic site in October by a fellow employee during a trip to Washington, D.C. attended by 40 residents and eight staff. The photo has since been removed from Facebook, and both employees have been placed on unpaid leave pending the results of an internal investigation. 
  
 This photograph in no way reflects the opinions or values of the LIFE organization, which holds our nation’s veterans in the highest regard. We are proud to have veterans serving on our staff and board of trustees, and we value their service. The men and women who have selflessly fought and sacrificed their lives to protect the rights and lives of Americans deserve our utmost respect and gratitude. We are acutely aware that this photo has done a disservice to veterans and we are deeply saddened that it was taken and shared in a public medium.” 
  
 Stone and Schuh would not comment on camera, but released a statement late Tuesday night: 
  
 “We sincerely apologize for all the pain we have caused by posting the picture we took in Washington DC on Facebook. While posted on a public forum, the picture was intended only for our own amusement. We never meant any disrespect to any of the people nationwide who have served this country and defended our freedom so valiantly. It was meant merely as a visual pun, intending to depict the exact opposite of what the sign said, and had absolutely nothing to do with the location it was taken or the people represented there. We never meant to cause any harm or disrespect to anyone, particularly our men and women in uniform. We realize it was in incredibly poor taste, and are deeply sorry for the offense we have caused. 
  
 We would also like to apologize to LIFE, Inc. It is an amazing organization that provides invaluable services to adults with learning and developmental disabilities. We are beyond remorseful that our actions have caused them such undue public scrutiny. The disrespect implied by our picture has nothing at all to do with LIFE’s mission statement or values. We regret having caused any suffering to the staff members, residents, families and friends. 
  
 Again, we very sincerely apologize to everyone who took offense to the photo. We realize that it was an ignorant and distasteful thing for us to do, but we truly meant no harm. We are deeply sorry. – Lindsey Stone and Jamie Schuh” 
  
 Lindsey’s father Peter spoke with WBZ-TV about the incident. 
  
 “She had no intention of upsetting or offending anyone,” says Peter Stone. “It was poor judgment and she regrets every part of it.” 
  
 Peter says Lindsey loved her job, but there are consequences for every action. 
  
 “That was a private page,” he says. “She was goofing around and it got taken off the page.” 
  
 “She is very, very sorry for what she did,” says her mother Jeanne, “and she never meant it to be disrespectful to anybody.” 
  
 Sarah Wunsch, a Staff Attorney with the ACLU of Massachusetts does not think the women should not lose their jobs over the photo. 
  
 “Other people have the right to say, ‘I think she’s a jerk or she’s disrespectful.’ I suppose they have the right to call for her to be fired,” says Wunsch. “But it doesn’t mean the employer should give into that.” 
  
 “Offensiveness shouldn’t be the standard for what gets to be able to be said, because what’s offensive to you may not be offensive to me and vice versa,” says Wunsch. 
  
 Lindsey’s father says he understands why people are offended. 
  
 “I don’t think she was reacting to the site (Arlington Cemetery), she was reacting to the sign,” he says. “I’m appalled myself.” |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?