By. Emily Allen. PUBLISHED:. 11:06 EST, 31 May 2012. |. UPDATED:. 12:08 EST, 31 May 2012. Anger: Warwickshire Chief Fire Officer Graeme Smith said the charges should never have been brought. The families of three firemen killed in a warehouse blaze have called a chief fire officer 'hypocritical', 'arrogant' and 'small minded' after he welcomed the acquittal of three long-serving firefighters who had been charged with manslaughter over the tragedy. Graeme Smith, the head of Warwickshire Fire and Rescue Service, claimed Adrian Ashley, Paul Simmons and Timothy Woodward had been 'treated like common criminals' in the wake of the fatal fire at Atherstone-on-Stour in 2007. Jurors at Stafford Crown Court yesterday cleared watch manager Ashley, 45, and 51-year-old station manager Woodward of gross negligence manslaughter after hearing six weeks of evidence about the deaths of Ashley Stephens, Darren Yates-Badley, John Averis and Ian Reid. Watch manager Simmons, 50, was acquitted of the same charge on the directions of the judge part-way through the trial. Police never found the criminals who started the fire and £4.7million has been spent over five. years trying to pin blame for the losses on the managers who let the. firemen enter the building even though all employees had already been. accounted for. Speaking after the verdicts, Mr Smith said it was 'crystal clear' that the case should not have been brought to court and called for an investigation into why the three men were prosecuted. But at a press conference in Warwickshire today, relatives of Mr Stephens, Mr Reid and Mr Yates-Badley said they had been let down by Warwickshire Fire and Rescue Service following the fire at a vegetable packing plant on November 2. The family of Mr Averis were present but decided not to speak. Ian Reid’s widow Julie said she had been devastated by the not guilty verdicts, adding: 'Why does Warwickshire chief fire officer Smith think this case should not have gone to court? Does he not think that where the evidence is there, action should be taken? 'Is he really that arrogant and small minded to think that firefighters are above the law? 'We are all accountable for our actions, even the police. No one is above the law. Victims: (clockwise from top left) Darren Yates-Badley, Ashley Stephens, Ian Reid and John Averis were killed  tackling the blaze in Atherstone-on-Stour, Warwickshire, in 2007. Their families are angry at the fire service's reaction to the manslaughter acquittal. 'We have a legal process in this. country and if the police suspect a crime has been committed they are. duty bound to investigate and pass their findings to the Crown. Prosecution Service. 'The legal process will determine. whether charges should be brought, not the profession of an individual. The jury could not find guilt in this case. But if this case makes. incident commanders take one extra minute to assess the situation. presented on arriving at an incident then that can only be for the good. 'A firefighter’s life is not worth. less than that of a member of the public and it most certainly is not. worth a pallet of packing material.' Mrs Reid, who described the fire. service as a 'sleepy hollow', added: 'I do acknowledge that the. defendants and their families have had a difficult year with this. hanging over their heads but it is nothing compared to the heartache. that Sophie (the couple’s daughter) and I have suffered for four and a. half years. Cleared: Watch Manager Adrian Ashley and Station Manager Timothy Woodward were found not guilty of. manslaughter following the deaths of four firefighters killed when a roof collapsed during warehouse blaze. Cleared: Station Manager Timothy Woodward speaks to the media flanked by Watch Leaders Paul Simmonds and Adrian Ashley yesterday. The three men were cleared of causing the deaths of four colleagues. 'I lost my husband, who I loved very much, and Sophie lost the dad she adored. Our heartache and loss is permanent.' Paul Stephens, the firefighter father of Ashley Stephens, was present at the blaze that killed his son. In a statement read on his behalf by a. police liaison officer, he said: 'As his father, and at the time a. serving firefighter being present at the incident, having witnessed the. horrendous scene on that night has left me with images that will stay. with me forever - images so strong I have not been able to attend the. court hearing. 'The loss of Ashley has left such a big hole in our hearts that it is impossible to mend. 'Warwickshire Fire and Rescue Service. gave us unlimited support up until the charges were brought against. three of their officers. After that it seemed we were on the wrong side. and support dwindled down to nothing. 'To hear the Chief Fire Officer speak. to the press saying their thoughts were with the families was very. hypocritical as the only family support shown has been to the. defendants’ families. Tragedy: Firefighters Ashley Stephens, Darren Yates-Badley, John Averis and Ian Reid were killed as they tackled the blaze in Atherstone-on-Stour, Warwickshire, in 2007. 'Ashley loved being part of the fire. service and wanted to become a full-time firefighter. It seems so unjust. that the full- time officers he would have looked up to have let him. down so badly.' Mandy Baylis, the mother of Darren Yates-Badley, said: 'That night will haunt me forever. 'I never thought I would feel so let. down by the fire service. They talk about brothers in arms and one big. family. This is not true in our case. 'Family and friends of Alcester Fire. Station, which we have been part of for 25 years, have crossed over the. street rather than speak to us. 'It’s as if we’ve done something. wrong. All we did is lose Darren in the most impossible way. Not to be. able to say goodbye... Darren didn’t deserve that.' Addressing the media at the end of the. trial, Chief Fire Officer Mr Smith said: 'It is crystal clear that. these cases should never have been brought to court. 'The police investigation into this fire took a wrong turn early on. Collapse: An aerial view shows the roof of the warehouse after it collapsed killing the four firefighters. The Fire Brigade Union said it was absurd that the arsonists who started the blaze had never faced trial, while those who struggled to put it out were 'relentlessly pursued' by police and the CPS. 'The police treated decent fire officers like common criminals and the arsonist who started this fire has got away with it. 'It has taken almost five years and. £5million of public money to construct a case against these three men. and when it was presented in court it simply fell apart.' During two days in the custody of. Warwickshire Police, Mr Simmons, Mr Ashley, and Mr Woodward had their. belts and shoelaces taken away and were also held at a police station. overnight between interviews. Mr Smith said Warwickshire Fire and. Rescue Service and the Chief Fire Officers’ Association intended to. write to the Home Secretary and the Justice Secretary to seek a formal. investigation why the firefighters were charged. After yesterday's verdicts, critics said. firemen may now hesitate before trying to save lives for fear they could. be arrested. Verdict:. After hearing six weeks of evidence jurors decided Mr Woodward and Mr. Ashley had not acted illegally during their command of the incident on. the evening of November 2 2007. The police officer in charge of the. inquiry, Detective Superintendent Ken Lawrence, insisted the. investigation was justified and said he hoped the fire service had. learned lessons from the tragedy. The union said it was absurd that the. arsonists who started the blaze had never faced trial, while those who. struggled to put it out were 'relentlessly pursued' by police and the. CPS. FBU assistant general. secretary Andy Dark said: 'This was the first time firefighters at an. incident were accused of the manslaughter of their colleagues. 'This prosecution cast a shadow across the whole fire service and caused anger and concern. 'We are relieved at the not-guilty verdicts but firefighters are furious at the police and prosecutors. 'The. criminals who started the fire are still free, but those who tried to. put the fire out were arrested, charged and brought to trial.'
What are the important parts of this article?