Information:  - Matthew Richard "Matt" Silverstein is an American television writer and co-creator with Dave Jeser of "Drawn Together". He has also written for other television shows including "3rd Rock from the Sun", "The Man Show", "Action", "Greg the Bunny", "Axe Cop", "The Goode Family" and "The Cleveland Show", and also created the MTV animated comedy "DJ & the Fro" in 2009. He wrote the script in the film "Accidental Love".  - The Man Show is an American comedy television show on Comedy Central that aired from 1999 to 2004. It was created in 1999 by its two original co-hosts, Jimmy Kimmel and Adam Carolla, and their executive producer Daniel Kellison.  - Drawn Together is an American adult animated sitcom which ran on Comedy Central from October 27, 2004 to November 14, 2007. The series was created by Dave Jeser and Matt Silverstein, and uses a sitcom format with a TV reality show setting.  - A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. This optical illusion causes the audience to perceive continuous motion between separate objects viewed rapidly in succession. The process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects.  - The Goode Family is an American animated comedy series, which originally aired on ABC from May 27, 2009 to August 7, 2009. The series was created by Mike Judge, and follows the life of an environmentally responsible, albeit obsessive, family. The series takes a comic look at contemporary society. Judge created the show along with former "King of the Hill" writers John Altschuler and David Krinsky. The show was cancelled after its first season.  - Comedy Central is an American basic cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Global Entertainment Group, a unit of the Viacom Media Networks division of Viacom. The channel carries comedy programming, in the form of both original and syndicated series and stand-up comedy specials, as well as feature films.  - MTV (originally an initialism of Music Television) is an American cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Media Networks (a division of Viacom) and headquartered in New York City. Launched on August 1, 1981, the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as "video jockeys" (VJs). In its early years, MTV's main target demographic was young adults, but today it is primarily towards teenagers, high school students and college students. MTV has toned down its music video programming significantly in recent years, and its programming now consists mainly of original reality, comedy and drama programming and some off-network syndicated programs and films, with limited music video programming in off-peak time periods. It has received criticism towards this change of focus, both by certain segments of its audience and musicians. MTV's influence on its audience, including issues involving censorship and social activism, has also been a subject of debate for several years.  - DVD (an abbreviation of "digital versatile disc" or "digital video disc") is a digital optical disc storage format invented and developed by Philips, Sony, Toshiba, and Panasonic in 1995. The medium can store any kind of digital data and is widely used for software and other computer files as well as video programs watched using DVD players. DVDs offer higher storage capacity than compact discs while having the same dimensions.  - The Drawn Together Movie : The Movie ! ( also known as The Drawn Together Movie or Drawn Together : The Movie ! ) is a 2010 animated direct - to - DVD American comedy film written and produced by original writers and executive producers Dave Jeser and Matt Silverstein and directed by Greg Franklin . The film is the first Drawn Together release since the TV show 's cancellation , and the film itself deals with it . The original cast returned to voice the original characters of Drawn Together . The film features the guest voice of Seth MacFarlane as `` I.S.R.A.E.L. '' ( Intelligent Smart Robot Animation Eraser Lady ) , and Vernon Wells as the Network Head . While the television series was produced by Rough Draft Studios using digital ink and paint , the film , however , was , instead , produced by Six Point Harness , completely done in flash animation using Toon Boom and Adobe Flash Professional .  - Compact disc (CD) is a digital optical disc data storage format released in 1982 and co-developed by Philips and Sony. The format was originally developed to store and play only sound recordings but was later adapted for storage of data (CD-ROM). Several other formats were further derived from these, including write-once audio and data storage (CD-R), rewritable media (CD-RW), Video Compact Disc (VCD), Super Video Compact Disc (SVCD), Photo CD, PictureCD, CD-i, and Enhanced Music CD. Audio CD players have been commercially available since October 1982, when the first commercially available CD player was released in Japan.  - Sony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the Sony Group, which is engaged in business through its four operating components  electronics (video games, network services and medical business), motion pictures, music and financial services. These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world. Sony's principal business operations include Sony Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Mobile (formerly Sony Ericsson) and Sony Financial. Sony is among the Semiconductor sales leaders by year and as of 2013, the fourth-largest television manufacturer in the world, after Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and TCL.  - Toshiba was founded in 1938 as Tokyo Shibaura Electric K.K. through the merger of Shibaura Seisaku-sho (founded in 1875) and Tokyo Denki (founded in 1890). The company name was officially changed to Toshiba Corporation in 1978. Toshiba made a large number of corporate acquisitions during its history, including of Semp in 1977, of Westinghouse Electric LLC, a nuclear energy company in 2006, of Landis+Gyr in 2011, and of IBM's point-of-sale business in 2012.  - Comedy is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on humor. These films are designed to make the audience laugh through amusement and most often work by exaggerating characteristics for humorous effect. Films in this style traditionally have a happy ending (black comedy being an exception). One of the oldest genres in film, some of the very first silent movies were comedies, as slapstick comedy often relies on visual depictions, without requiring sound. When sound films became more prevalent during the 1920s, comedy films took another swing, as laughter could result from burlesque situations but also dialogue.  - The Cleveland Show is an American adult animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane, Richard Appel, and Mike Henry for the Fox Broadcasting Company as a spin-off of "Family Guy". The series centers on the Browns and Tubbs, two dysfunctional families consisting of parents Cleveland Brown and Donna Tubbs and their children Cleveland Brown, Jr., Roberta Tubbs, and Rallo Tubbs. Similar to "Family Guy", it exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture.  - 3rd Rock from the Sun (sometimes referred to as simply 3rd Rock) is an American sitcom that aired from 1996 to 2001 on NBC. The show is about four extraterrestrials who are on an expedition to Earth, which they consider to be a very insignificant planet. The extraterrestrials pose as a human family to observe the behavior of human beings.    What object entity has the relation of 'production company' with the subject 'the drawn together movie: the movie!'?   Choices: - 1995  - comedy central  - fox broadcasting company  - history  - mike judge  - mtv  - nbc  - screen  - sony  - sony pictures entertainment  - viacom
Answer: