Information:  - Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945, when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party (NSDAP). Under Hitler's rule, Germany was transformed into a fascist state in which the Nazi Party took totalitarian control over nearly all aspects of life. The official name of the state was "Deutsches Reich" from 1933 to 1943 and "Großdeutsches Reich" ("Greater German Reich") from 1943 to 1945. The period is also known under the names the Third Reich and the National Socialist Period (abbreviated as "NS-Zeit"). The Nazi regime came to an end after the Allied Powers defeated Germany in May 1945, ending World War II in Europe.  - The Schutzstaffel (SS; also stylized as with Armanen runes literally "Protection Squadron") was a major paramilitary organization under Adolf Hitler and the National Socialist German Workers' Party (NSDAP; Nazi Party) in Nazi Germany. It began with a small guard unit known as the "Saal-Schutz" (Hall-Protection) made up of NSDAP volunteers to provide security for party meetings in Munich. In 1925, Heinrich Himmler joined the unit, which had by then been reformed and given its final name. Under his direction (192945), it grew from a small paramilitary formation to one of the most powerful organizations in Nazi Germany. From 1929 until the regime's collapse in 1945, the SS was the foremost agency of surveillance and terror within Germany and German-occupied Europe.  - Joachim Peiper ( German pronunciation : ( joaxm pap ) ; 30 January 1915 -- 14 July 1976 ) , also known as Jochen Peiper , was a field officer in the Waffen - SS during World War II and personal adjutant to Reichsführer - SS Heinrich Himmler between November 1940 and August 1941 . Peiper fought on both the Eastern Front against the Red Army and the Western Front against the Western Allies , and he won the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords for extreme battlefield bravery and outstanding military leadership . By 1945 , he was an SS - Standartenführer and the Waffen - SS 's youngest regimental colonel . Peiper was convicted of war crimes committed in Belgium and imprisoned for almost 12 years . He was accused of war crimes in Italy , but Italian and German courts concluded that there was insufficient evidence to warrant prosecution . After his release from prison , Peiper worked for both Porsche and Volkswagen , before moving to France , where he translated books from English to German under the nom de plume Rainer Buschmann . Peiper was murdered in France in July 1976 , when he was shot by unknown assailants who then burned his house to the ground using Molotov cocktails .  - Adjutant is a military rank or appointment. In some armies, including most English-speaking ones, it is an officer who assists a more senior officer, while in other armies, especially Francophone ones, it is an NCO (non-commissioned officer), normally corresponding roughly to a staff sergeant or warrant officer.  - Reichsführer-SS was a special title and rank that existed between the years of 1925 and 1945 for the commander of the Schutzstaffel (SS). "Reichsführer-SS" was a title from 1925 to 1933, and from 1934 to 1945 it was the highest rank of the SS. The longest serving and by far most noteworthy "Reichsführer-SS" was Heinrich Himmler.  - Hiroshima is perhaps best known as the first city in history to be targeted by a nuclear weapon when the United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) dropped an atomic bomb on the city (and later on Nagasaki) at 8:15 a.m. on August 6, 1945, near the end of World War II.  - The Holocaust (from the Greek ': "hólos", "whole" and "kaustós", "burnt"), also referred to as the Shoah"' (Hebrew: , "HaShoah", "the catastrophe"), was a genocide in which Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany and its collaborators killed about six million Jews. The victims included 1.5 million children and represented about two-thirds of the nine million Jews who had resided in Europe. Some definitions of the Holocaust include the additional five million non-Jewish victims of Nazi mass murders, bringing the total to about 11 million. Killings took place throughout Nazi Germany, German-occupied territories, and territories held by allies of Nazi Germany.  - The National Socialist German Workers' Party (abbreviated NSDAP), commonly referred to in English as the Nazi Party, was a political party in Germany that was active between 1920 and 1945 and practised the ideology of Nazism. Its precursor, the German Workers' Party ("Deutsche Arbeiterpartei"; DAP), existed from 1919 to 1920.   - Adolf Hitler (20 April 1889  30 April 1945) was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party ("Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei"; NSDAP), Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945, and Führer ("Leader") of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945. As dictator of the German Reich, he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 and was central to the Holocaust.  - Sergeant (abbreviated to Sgt and capitalised when used as a named person's title) is a rank in many uniformed organizations, principally military and policing forces. Its origin is the Latin "serviens", "one who serves", through the French term "sergent".  - In politics and military planning, a war effort refers to a coordinated mobilization of society's resourcesboth industrial and humantowards the support of a military force. Depending on the militarization of the culture, the relative size of the armed forces and the society supporting them, the style of government, and the popular support for the military objectives, such war effort can range from a small industry to complete command of society.  - The Waffen-SS (Armed SS) was the armed wing of the Nazi Party's SS organisation. Its formations included men from Nazi Germany, along with volunteers and conscripts from both occupied and un-occupied lands.  - Heinrich Luitpold Himmler (7 October 1900  23 May 1945) was "Reichsführer" of the "Schutzstaffel" (Protection Squadron; SS), and a leading member of the Nazi Party (NSDAP) of Nazi Germany. Nazi leader Adolf Hitler briefly appointed him a military commander and later Commander of the Replacement (Home) Army and General Plenipotentiary for the administration of the entire Third Reich ("Generalbevollmächtigter für die Verwaltung"). Himmler was one of the most powerful men in Nazi Germany and one of the people most directly responsible for the Holocaust.  - World War II (often abbreviated to WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945, although related conflicts began earlier. It involved the vast majority of the world's nationsincluding all of the great powerseventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries. In a state of "total war", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust (in which approximately 11 million people were killed) and the strategic bombing of industrial and population centres (in which approximately one million were killed, and which included the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki), it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.  - Strategic bombing is a military strategy used in a total war with the goal of defeating the enemy by destroying its morale or its economic ability to produce and transport materiel to the theatres of military operations, or both. It is a systematically organized and executed attack from the air which can utilize strategic bombers, long- or medium-range missiles, or nuclear-armed fighter-bomber aircraft to attack targets deemed vital to the enemy's war-making capability.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'member of' with the subject 'joachim peiper'.  Choices: - europe  - men  - s  - schutzstaffel  - the national  - united states army