Summarize this article:

ATLANTA, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- Cases of chlamydia, gonorrhea, and syphilis are on the rise nationally for the first time 2006, reports the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, with increasing rates among men responsible for a healthy portion of the increases. 
  
 Researchers write in the new report that regular screening is recommended for young people, many of whom may not suspectthey have an infection. 
  
 "The consequences of STDs are especially severe for young people," said Dr. Gail Bolan, director of CDC's Division of STD Prevention, in a press release. "Because chlamydia and gonorrhea often have no symptoms, many infections go undiagnosed and this can lead to lifelong repercussions for a woman's reproductive health, including pelvic inflammatory disease and infertility." 
  
 In the study, researchers report the roughly 1.4 million cases of chlamydia have risen 2.8 percent since 2013, to 456.1 cases per 100,000 people. 
  
 Rates of primary and secondary syphilis, or P&S;, and gonorrhea also increased significantly by 15.1 percent and 5.1 percent from 2013 to 2014. The rates work out to 110.7 per 100,000 people infected with gonorrhea and 6.3 per 100,000 having P&S.; 
  
 Rates of P&S; have been increasing since 2000, especially in the case of men who have sex with other men, who accounted for 83 percent of the STD's carriers when the sex of the partner is known. Researchers also noted more than half of MSM diagnosed with syphilis in 2014 were HIV-positive -- which raises further concern that genital sores associated with syphilis could make it easier to transmit HIV. 
  
 CDC researchers acknowledge that for gay and bisexual people, access to quality health care, homophobia, or stigmas may prevent them from prevention or treatment, which accounts for an even greater risk. 
  
 Decreases in government funding of health efforts lessened the options available for many people, as well as the outreach and dissemination of information they are responsible for, may be responsible for some of the increases researchers said. 
  
 "Most recently, there have been significant erosions of state and local STD control programs," Bolan told NBC News. "Most people don't recognize that the direct clinical care of individuals with sexually transmitted diseases is supported by state and local funds and federal funds." ||||| Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics. 
  
 Definition By Mayo Clinic Staff 
  
 Multimedia Primary syphilis 
  
 Syphilis is a bacterial infection usually spread by sexual contact. The disease starts as a painless sore — typically on your genitals, rectum or mouth. Syphilis spreads from person to person via skin or mucous membrane contact with these sores. 
  
 After the initial infection, the syphilis bacteria can lie dormant in your body for decades before becoming active again. Early syphilis can be cured, sometimes with a single injection of penicillin. Without treatment, syphilis can severely damage your heart, brain or other organs, and can be life-threatening. 
  
 Syphilis rates in the United States have been declining among women since 2010, but rising among men, particularly men who have sex with men. The genital sores associated with syphilis can make it easier to become infected with HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. ||||| The remains of a child who died in the 14th century may disprove an enduring historical conjecture, that Christopher Columbus introduced syphilis to Europe after returning from the New World. 
  
 Columbus and his crew disembarked in Spain in 1493, and news of his travels spread rapidly across the continent. 
  
 Shortly thereafter, so too did a largely unfamiliar disease that would plague Europe for centuries. 
  
 But Austrian researchers have now found instances of syphilis in skeletons that pre-date Columbus's voyage. 
  
 The skeleton of one child dates to approximately 1320, and is believed to be the earliest evidence of syphilis in Europe. 
  
 Experts have long debated what caused the mass outbreak of the sexually transmitted disease in the 1490s. 
  
 One hypothesis, known as the Columbian theory, was that one or more members of Columbus's crew contracted the disease in the Caribbean islands, and returned to Europe infected. 
  
 Other theories are that African slaves brought the disease with them when transported to Europe, or that a strain of syphilis existed in Europe long before the sudden outbreak. 
  
 Photo: Alamy 
  
 Researchers at MedUni Vienna are attempting to determine which is the correct theory. 
  
 As part of their research, they examined skeletons exhumed from an ancient burial site in Austria. 
  
 The teeth of multiple of the skeletons show symptoms of congenital syphilis, a form of the disease passed from mother to child. 
  
 Additional tests will be conducted to confirm the findings, and that the skeletons do in fact date from the 14th century. 
  
 The disease's march through Europe was first documented during a French invasion of Naples during the First Italian War (1494-1498). 
  
 Approximately 36 million people worldwide have syphilis today, with 12 million new cases each year according to the World Health Organisation. 
  
 Despite the recent findings, many scientists insist that more evidence exists to support the Columbian theory than the alternative explanation. ||||| (Vienna ) In 1495, a "new" disease spread throughout Europe: syphilis. Christopher Columbus was said to have brought this sexually transmitted disease back from his voyage to America. 
  
 At least, that has been the accepted theory up until now. Using morphological and structural evidence, researchers from the Department of Forensic Medicine and the Center for Anatomy and Cell Biology (bone laboratory) at MedUni Vienna have now identified several cases of congenital syphilis dating back to as early as 1320 AD in skeletons from excavations at the cathedral square of St. Pölten, Austria "The discovery clearly refutes the previous theory," say study leaders Karl Großschmidt and Fabian Kanz of MedUni Vienna. 
  
  
  
 Congenital syphilis, which is passed from a pregnant mother to her unborn child, was primarily identified by changes to the teeth of skeletons from the 14th century. "We found so-called Hutchinson’s teeth with central notches and converging edges and mulberry molars, which are characteristic signs of syphilis," study authors Kanz and Großschmidt (Department of Cell and Developmental Biology) explained. Their findings have now been published in the renowned Journal of Biological and Clinical Anthropology. 
  
  
  
 Thin sections of bones provide perfect examination results 
  
 The researchers at the Center for Anatomy and Cell Biology of the Medical University of Vienna prepared undecalcified bone thin sections from the bones and teeth of the skeletons for histological examination and analysis. These thin sections, which can only be produced in a few places throughout the world, where subsequently examined by a special light microscopy technique to morphologically determine the pathogen involved. 
  
  
  
 Up to now, a total of 9000 skeletons as old as the 9th century AD have been recovered from the excavations in the cathedral square in St. Pölten. The large number of unearthed individuals at one archaeological site is unique in Europe. The recovery was conducted in close collaboration with the Urban Archaeology Department of the state capital of Lower Austria. Additional studies of the living conditions and diseases evident from the skeletons were started. 
  
  
  
 This remarkable discovery of the earliest evidence of syphilis between 1320 and 1390 now awaits confirmation by molecular biological tests and proteomics (examination of the proteome using biochemical methods). The scientists hope to gain further insights from the proteomic analysis, in particular, because the DNA of syphilis decays very rapidly. 
  
  
  
 Service: Journal of Biological and Clinical Anthropology 
  
 "A probable case of congenital syphilis from pre-Columbian Austria." Johanna Sophia Gaul, Karl Grossschmidt, Christian Gusenbauer and Fabian Kanz. Journal of Biological and Clinical Anthropology, November 2015. 
  
 » Link to the publication 
  
 MedUni Vienna |||||