Please write a short summary for the following article:

Cholesterol Controversy Shows Medicine Needs Big Data, Not Old Data

On Monday, it sounded like the American Heart Association American Heart Association had taken IT advice from the Obama administration. The New York Times reported that a top cardiologist said an online calculator central to new guidelines that tell doctors when to prescribe cholesterol medicine is over-estimating people’s risk of heart attacks and strokes – thereby putting more patients on statin drugs, the now-generic medicines that were once the best-sellers for Pfizer and Merck.

“I actually support probably 80% of what’s in these guidelines because they’ve taken major steps forward that are going to improve care,” says Paul Ridker of Brigham and Women’s Hospital, the critic whose analysis was published in The Lancet yesterday. The good: the new guidelines, from the AHA and American College of Cardiology, consider stroke risk in addition to that of a heart attacks; they guide doctors to use higher doses of statins; and they make the decision to give the drugs simpler, he says. But when Ridker started entering patients into the calculator, the results didn’t make sense to him. A 55-year-old man who smoked and had high blood pressure but not elevated cholesterol got a statin, and a 60-year-old woman with high cholesterol but no other risk factors would not.

His concerns got more serious when his co-author, Brigham statistician Susan Cook, told him that she shared his concerns. Cook tested the calculator in data recorded from three big studies funded by the by the National Institutes of Health: the Women’s Health Study (WHS), the Physicians Health Study (PHS), and the Women’s Health Initiative Observational Study. The risk of heart attack and stroke predicted by the AHA/ACC calculator was double that actually experienced by the people in these studies.

And the full guideline analysis produced by the AHA and ACC seems to back up Ridker’s analysis. Deep in this document the guidelines committee tested its calculator against two clinical trials called MESA and REGARDS. I’ve included a graph of the MESA data in this post – it clearly shows that the risk calculator is again overestimating the risk to patients. As the guideline writers put it, on page 38: “Overprediction of events was noted in all validation groups, particularly for MESA and REGARDS.”

From the ACC/AHA guidelines; the red lines represent the calculator, the blue lines the observed risk.

The AHA and ACC have re-iterated their confidence in the calculator. Donald Lloyd-Jones, a cardiologist at Northwestern involved in writing the guidelines, says that the reason patients in MESA had a lower risk is because many of them started taking statins; the ten-year calculator is supposed to tell patients their risk without treatment. He also says the criticisms are “not fair” and that “these are some of the most heavily scrutinized documents” he has ever been involved with. The guidelines, which started as a government effort under the auspices of the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute, went through many levels of scientific peer review.

Moreover, Lloyd-Jones says, the new guidelines do not suggest that doctors should be slaves to the risk calculator. The ten-year risk is driven by age, he says, but he himself would treat the woman who came out as low risk in Ridker’s example or someone who had an extreme family history and the guidelines include caveats encouraging doctors to think beyond the risk calculator, he says.

Ridker counters that maybe people smoke less and eat better than in some of the older studies used to develop the risk calculator. Whatever reviews the AHA/ACC guidelines went through, the criticism not only from Ridker but from Steven Nissen, a past-president of the ACC, indicate that he calculator could have used broader vetting. Instead of a private peer-review, an open debate with the intention of validating the calculator before it became official would have avoided this controversy. But that’s only the first way in which this event argues for a movement beyond twentieth century science to something new.

To cardiologists, who are largely in awe of the life-saving power of cholesterol-lowering drugs, it can be easy to forget how these medicines are viewed by much of the rest of the country and how controversial it is to suggest that a third of adults should be taking them, as these new guidelines do. There is a fundamental problem of medical science here.

There is a good scientific rationale for taking statin drugs when risk is low and continuing them for decades. The risk of heart attack or stroke increases slowly as plaque builds up inside the artery walls and becomes inflamed. Slowing this process may take time. As evidence, patients with mutations in a gene called PCSK9 that caused them to have 15% lower levels of LDL cholesterol (the bad kind) had a 47% lower risk of heart attack. That’s half as much as a statin would decrease LDL or less, but these people walk around with lower cholesterol for their entire lives. That’s a huge potential benefit.

But taking a statin for a long time is a huge leap of faith, because medical decisions are made based on clinical trials, big tests of drugs in people. In these studies, there is a huge mountain of evidence that statins save lives when given to people with heart disease– for instance, those who have already had a heart attack. And there is also strong evidence that those who have not had a heart attack but are at high risk can reduce their risk with a statin. But using statins to prevent a first heart attack or stroke can be controversial because in people who are at relatively low risk, you have to treat a lot of them to prevent one heart attack. This is where people who think the side effects of statins are worse than cardiologists generally believe or those who want to adhere stringently to the evidence from clinical trials can reasonably differ from some gung-ho statin advocates.

What is really needed is a way to test medicines beyond the five-year timeframe of even a big clinical trial. The obvious way to do this would be with a nationally integrated electronic health record system that actively collects data and uses it for scientific research. But right now our electronic health records system is fragmented, with efforts only now underway to get data shared between different systems made by rivals like Epic Systems, Cerner Cerner, and AthenaHealth. Such systems could be used to do things like test and improve risk calculators, better track side effects, and monitor the real-world efficacy of drugs. Right now, we try to do that with insurance claims, which is far from a perfect way to move forward. Medicine needs good data science if it’s ever going to build on the certainty we get from clinical trials. (For more on this topic, see the embedded video from the Forbes Healthcare Summit.)

Better EHRs would have an another impact here: instead of asking primary care doctors to calculate a patient’s risk themselves, the computer could automatically do it for them. Says Sanjay Kaul of Cedars Sinai Health System, one of cardiology’s great skeptics: “I remain skeptical of the use of risk calculator by clinicians to drive their decision to put their patients on statins, unless it is embedded in the EHR to be used at the point of care and it is coded as a ‘billable’ activity for reimbursement.”

In the meantime, another drug-company-related note on the new guidelines. I’ve written before that the guidelines are indifferent to most drug makers because all the statins but AstraZeneca's AstraZeneca's Crestor are generic. They also may be bad for companies developing new drugs that block PCSK9 because they demand proof from clinical trials that a medicine reduces the risk of heart attack and stroke before it becomes widely used; that could hurt Amgen, Regeneron, Sanofi, and Pfizer. But there is a silver lining for those developing PCSK9 shots. If these guidelines do result in a lot more patients trying statins, there will be a lot more people who turn out to be unable to tolerate statins because they get muscle side effects or other issues. They would all be strong candidates for a PCSK9 shot if those drugs reach the market.