Information:  - The Edmonton Eskimos are a professional Canadian football team based in Edmonton, Alberta, competing in the West Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL). The Eskimos play their home games at The Brick Field at Commonwealth Stadium and are the third-youngest franchise in the CFL. The Eskimos were founded in 1949, although there were clubs with the name Edmonton Eskimos as early as 1895. The Eskimos are arguably the most successful CFL franchise of the modern era (since 1954), having won the league's Grey Cup championship fourteen times, second overall only to the Toronto Argonauts who have won sixteen. This includes a three-peat between 1954 and 1956 and an unmatched five consecutive wins between 1978 and 1982, and most recently in 2015.  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - McMaster University (commonly referred to as McMaster or Mac) is a public research university located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The main campus is located on of land near the residential neighbourhoods of Ainslie Wood and Westdale, adjacent to Hamilton's Royal Botanical Gardens. The university operates six academic faculties: the DeGroote School of Business, Engineering, Health Sciences, Humanities, Social Science, and Science. It is a member of the U15, a group of research-intensive universities in Canada.  - Kyle Koch ( born December 10 , 1984 ) is a former professional Canadian football offensive linemen who played in the Canadian Football League . He played CIS Football for the McMaster Marauders . He was originally signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as an undrafted free agent in 2007 . From 2009 - 2012 , Koch played with the Edmonton Eskimos . On September 10 , 2013 , Koch signed with the Toronto Argonauts . On May 16 , 2014 , Koch retired from Canadian football .  - The McMaster Marauders are the athletic teams that represent McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Athletics at McMaster is currently managed by the university's student affairs, under their athletics & recreation department. The university's varsity teams compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport. The Marauder's official colours are maroon and grey.  - Ontario University Athletics (OUA) is a regional membership association for Canadian universities which assists in co-ordinating competition between their university level athletic programs and providing contact information, schedules, results, and releases about those programs and events to the public and the media. This is similar to what would be called a college athletic conference in the United States. OUA, which covers Ontario, is one of four such bodies that are members of the country's governing body for university athletics, U Sports. The other three regional associations coordinating university-level sports in Canada are Atlantic University Sport (AUS), the Canada West Universities Athletic Association (CWUAA), and Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec (RSEQ).   - Ricky Ray (born October 22, 1979) is a professional Canadian football quarterback for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. Ray has also spent time in the af2, as well as spending time on the New York Jets roster in the National Football League. He is most well known for his performance with the Edmonton Eskimos, as he is the franchise's all-time leader in passing yardage, pass completions and passing touchdowns.  - The Winnipeg Blue Bombers are a Canadian football team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. They are currently members of the West Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL). They play their home games at Investors Group Field after many years of playing at the since demolished Canad Inns Stadium.  - Toronto is the most populous city in Canada, the provincial capital of Ontario, and the centre of the Greater Toronto Area, the most populous metropolitan area in Canada. Growing in population, the 2011 census recorded a population of 2,615,060. As of 2015, the population is now estimated at 2,826,498, making Toronto the fourth-largest city in North America based on the population within its city limits. Toronto trails only Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles by this measure, while it is the fifth-largest (behind also Chicago) if ranked by the size of its metropolitan area . An established global city, Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, and culture, and widely recognized as one of the most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities in the world.  - Investors Group Field is a football stadium in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The stadium, which opened in 2013, is located on the University of Manitoba campus next to University Stadium. Owned by Triple B Stadium Inc., a consortium of the City of Winnipeg, the Province of Manitoba, the Winnipeg Football Club, and the University of Manitoba, the stadium is home to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League, University of Manitoba Bisons football team, and the Winnipeg Rifles (CJFL).  - Scott Milanovich (born January 25, 1973) is a quarterbacks coach for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He was previously the head coach for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and former quarterback. Milanovich has previously been the offensive coordinator for the Montreal Alouettes. He played professionally in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, in NFL Europe for the Berlin Thunder, in the XFL for the Los Angeles Xtreme, in the Arena Football League for the Tampa Bay Storm, and in the CFL for the Calgary Stampeders.  - Rugby is a type of football developed at Rugby School in Rugby, Warwickshire, one of many versions of football played at English public schools in the 19th century. The two main types of rugby are rugby league and rugby union. Although rugby league initially used rugby union rules, they are now wholly separate sports.  - The Toronto Argonauts are a professional Canadian football team competing in the East Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Based in Toronto, Ontario, the team was founded in 1873, and is the oldest existing professional sports team in North America still using its original name. The team's origins date back to a modified version of rugby football that emerged in North America in the latter half of the nineteenth century. The Argonauts played their home games at Rogers Centre from 1989 until 2016 when the team moved to BMO Field, the fifth stadium site to host the team. The current team is coached by Scott Milanovich and led at quarterback by Ricky Ray.  - The Grey Cup is the name of both the championship game of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the trophy awarded to the victorious team playing Canadian football. It is contested between the winners of the CFL's East and West Divisional playoffs and is one of Canadian television's largest annual sporting events. The Toronto Argonauts have 16 championships, more than any other team. The latest, the 104th Grey Cup, took place in Toronto, Ontario, on November 27, 2016, when the Ottawa Redblacks defeated the Calgary Stampeders 3933 in overtime.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'educated at' with the subject 'kyle koch'.  Choices: - atlantic university  - berlin  - calgary  - mcmaster university  - new york  - rugby school  - university of manitoba