Question: Information:  - An augmentative (abbreviated ) is a morphological form of a word which expresses greater intensity, often in size but also in other attributes. It is the opposite of a diminutive.  - Random House is the largest general-interest paperback publisher in the world.  As of 2013, it is part of Penguin Random House, which is jointly owned by German media conglomerate Bertelsmann and British global education and publishing company Pearson PLC.  - A diminutive is a word which has been modified to convey a slighter degree of its root meaning, to convey the smallness of the object or quality named, or to convey a sense of intimacy or endearment. A (abbreviated ) is a word-formation device used to express such meanings; in many languages, such forms can be translated as "little" and diminutives can also be formed as multi-word constructions such as "Tiny Tim". Diminutives are used frequently when speaking to small children or when expressing extreme tenderness and intimacy to an adult. As such, they are often employed for nicknames and pet names. The opposite of the diminutive form is the augmentative.  - The Penguin Group is a trade book publisher, part of Penguin Random House. It is owned by Pearson PLC, the global education and publishing company, and Bertelsmann, the German media conglomerate. The new company was created by a merger that was finalized on 1 July 2013, with Bertelsmann owning 53% of the joint venture, and Pearson controlling the remaining 47%.  - Pearson PLC is a British multinational publishing and education company headquartered in London. It was founded as a construction business in the 1840s. It shut down its construction activities in the 1920s and switched to publishing. It is the largest education company and the largest book publisher in the world. Pearson has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange in the form of American Depository Receipts. History. Construction business: 1844 to the 1920s. The company was founded by Samuel Pearson in 1844 as a building and engineering concern operating in Yorkshire under the name "S. Pearson & Son". In 1880, control passed to his grandson Weetman Dickinson Pearson, an engineer, who in 1890 moved the business to London and turned it into one of the world's largest construction companies. Another of its prominent engineers was Ernest William Moir who, after working for Pearson on tunnels in New York City, became the contractor's agent on construction of the Blackwall Tunnel under the River Thames in London between 1892 and 1897. The company also built the Admiralty Harbour at Dover, the Halifax Dry Dock in Canada, the East River Railway Tunnels in New York City, the Mexican Grand Canal that drained Mexico City, the Tehuantepec Railway in Mexico, and railways and harbours around the world. In November 1915, the firm began construction of HM Factory, Gretna, the largest cordite factory in the UK during World War I.  - A joint venture (JV) is a business entity created by two or more parties, generally characterized by shared ownership, shared returns and risks, and shared governance. Most joint ventures are incorporated, although some, as in the oil and gas industry, are "unincorporated" joint ventures that mimic a corporate entity. Key elements of a joint venture's design include: 1) the number of parties; 2) the geographic, product, technology and value-chain scope within which the JV will operate; 3) the contributions of the parties; 4) the structural form (each country has specific options, e.g. in the U.S. the main options are a C Corporation or an LLC/partnership structure); 5) the valuation of initial contributions and ownership split among the parties; 6) the economic arrangements, post-deal (e.g. Is the joint venture intended to general profits vs. operate as a cost-sharing or production-sharing venture; if a for-profit entity, will the parties share profits in proportion to equity ownership, or some other way?); 7) governance and control; 8) Talent/HR model (will the Jv have its own staff on own payroll vs. second staff from the parent companies; 9) contractual arrangements with the parent companies for inputs, outputs or services; 10) exit and evolution provisions?  - Bertelsmann is a German multinational corporation based in Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is one of the world's largest mass media companies and also active in the service sector and education. Bertelsmann was founded as a publishing house by Carl Bertelsmann in 1835. After World War II, Bertelsmann, under the leadership of Reinhard Mohn, went from being a medium-sized enterprise to a major conglomerate, offering not only books but also television, radio, magazines and business services. Bertelsmann is an unlisted and capital market-oriented company, which remains primarily controlled by the Mohn family. Since 2016, major divisions of Bertelsmann are RTL Group, Penguin Random House, Gruner + Jahr, BMG, Arvato, Bertelsmann Printing Group, Bertelsmann Education Group and Bertelsmann Investments.  - In linguistics, a word is the smallest element that can be uttered in isolation with semantic or pragmatic content (with literal or practical meaning). This contrasts deeply with a morpheme, which is the smallest unit of meaning but will not necessarily stand on its own. A word may consist of a single morpheme (for example: "oh!, rock, red, quick, run, expect"), or several ("rocks, redness, quickly, running, unexpected"), whereas a morpheme may not be able to stand on its own as a word (in the words just mentioned, these are "-s, -ness, -ly, -ing, un-, -ed"). A complex word will typically include a root and one or more affixes ("rock-s, red-ness, quick-ly, run-ning, un-expect-ed"), or more than one root in a compound ("black-board, rat-race"). Words can be put together to build larger elements of language, such as phrases ("a red rock"), clauses ("I threw a rock"), and sentences ("He threw a rock too, but he missed").  - Hamish Hamilton Limited was a British book publishing house , founded in 1931 eponymously by the half - Scot half - American Jamie Hamilton ( Hamish is the vocative form of the Gaelic ' Seamus ' ( meaning James ) , James the English form -- which was also his given name , and Jamie the diminutive form ) . Jamie Hamilton was often referred to as Hamish Hamilton . The publishing brand Hamish Hamilton is currently an imprint of the Penguin Group . Hamish Hamilton Limited originally specialized in fiction , and was responsible for publishing a number of American authors in the United Kingdom -- including J.D. Salinger 's Catcher in the Rye . Hamish Hamilton Law and Hamish Hamilton Medical were started in 1939 but closed during the war . Hamish Hamilton was established in the literary district of Bloomsbury and went on to publish a large number of promising British and American authors , a large number of whom were personal friends and acquaintances of Jamie Hamilton . Jamie Hamilton sold the firm to the Thomson Organisation in 1965 , who resold it to Penguin Books in 1986 . Hamish Hamilton 's aim remains to publish innovative literary fiction and non-fiction from around the world . Authors include : Alain de Botton , Esther Freud , Toby Litt , Redmond O'Hanlon , W. G. Sebald , Zadie Smith , William Sutcliffe , R. K. Narayan , Paul Theroux and John Updike . Hamish Hamilton also publishes an online literary magazine called Five Dials .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'hamish hamilton' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - book  - canal  - capital  - concern  - construction  - cost  - country  - degree  - design  - device  - diminutive  - dock  - education  - enterprise  - factory  - formation  - gas  - governance  - group  - history  - house  - industry  - joint  - joint venture  - july  - mass  - may  - multinational corporation  - number  - object  - ownership  - partnership  - production  - profit  - publisher  - publishing  - quality  - race  - river  - rock  - sharing  - single  - size  - structure  - trade  - tunnel  - two  - value  - war  - word
Answer: