Given the question: Information:  - Sonora, officially the Free and Sovereign State of Sonora, is one of 31 states that, with Mexico City, comprise the 32 federal entities of Mexico. It is divided into 72 municipalities; the capital city is Hermosillo. Sonora is located in Northwest Mexico, bordered by the states of Chihuahua to the east, Baja California to the northwest and Sinaloa to the south. To the north, it shares the U.S.Mexico border with the states of Arizona and New Mexico, and on the west has a significant share of the coastline of the Gulf of California.  - FOREST (short for "Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco") is a United Kingdom political pressure group which campaigns against tobacco control activity.  - National Wildlife Refuge System is a designation for certain protected areas of the United States managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. The National Wildlife Refuge System is the system of public lands and waters set aside to conserve America's fish, wildlife and plants. Since President Theodore Roosevelt designated Florida's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge as the first wildlife refuge in 1903, the System has grown to over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts encompassing more than .  - The 2,770 - acre ( 11.2 km2 ) Leslie Canyon National Wildlife Refuge area was established in 1988 to protect habitat for the endangered Yaqui Chub ( Gila purpurea ) and Yaqui Topminnow ( Poeciliopsis occidentalis sonorensis ) . The refuge also protects a rare velvet ash - cottonwood - black walnut gallery forest . This area is part of the basin and range geologic region , characterized by linear mountain ranges which are separated by broad , flat basins . The region was impacted by relatively recent volcanic activity , leaving volcanic plugs and cinder cones visible throughout the San Bernardino Valley . Earthquakes have further altered the region and helped allow the flow of many springs and seeps . All of these dynamic geological events have played major roles in shaping the valley , catching and storing crucial water , helping determine the variety of plants and animals present . The San Bernardino Valley once supported permanently flowing creeks , springs , and marshy wetlands . In addition , the giant sacaton grassland in the valley was once described as `` a luxuriant meadow some eight or ten miles long and a mile wide . '' The dependable source of water and grass made the area not only invaluable to a huge diversity of fish and wildlife , but also a center of human activity for centuries . With expanding settlement beginning in the late 19th century came farming , mining , and livestock production , all of which competed for the same precious water . While the extensive wetlands here once provided historic habitat for eight different kinds of native fish , the lowering water table led to severe changes in the habitat and the eventual local extinctions of many species .  - The United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS or FWS) is an agency of the federal government within the U.S. Department of the Interior which is dedicated to the management of fish, wildlife, and natural habitats. The mission of the agency is "working with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people."  - The Yaqui chub (Gila purpurea) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family. It is found in northern Mexico and the United States. The Yaqui chub is a medium-sized minnow fish that historically occurred in streams of Rios Matape, Sonora, and the Yaqui systems of Sonora, Mexico. It is one of the five species of the "Gila" genus in Arizona. The Yaqui chub is closely related to "G. ditaenia" (of Sonora, Mexico), and "G. orcutti" (of the Los Angeles Plain in California); and shares several physical characteristics with the" G. orcutti" (Arroyo chub), but proves different by having a black wedge near the base of the caudal fin.  - The protected areas of the United States are managed by an array of different federal, state, tribal and local level authorities and receive widely varying levels of protection. Some areas are managed as wilderness, while others are operated with acceptable commercial exploitation. , the 25,800 protected areas covered , or 14 percent of the land area of the United States. This is also one-tenth of the protected land area of the world. The U.S. also had a total of 787 National Marine Protected Areas, covering an additional , or 12 percent of the total marine area of the United States.  - Gallery forests are forests that form as corridors along rivers or wetlands and project into landscapes that are otherwise only sparsely treed such as savannas, grasslands, or deserts.  - Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian, Florida. The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon. Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14, 1903, Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States. It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting.  - Theodore Roosevelt Jr. (; October 27, 1858  January 6, 1919) was an American statesman, author, explorer, soldier, naturalist, and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909. As a leader of the Republican Party during this time, he became a driving force for the Progressive Era in the United States in the early 20th century.  - Grasslands are areas where the vegetation is dominated by grasses (Poaceae), however sedge (Cyperaceae) and rush (Juncaceae) families can also be found. Grasslands occur naturally on all continents except Antarctica. Grasslands are found in most ecoregions of the Earth. For example, there are five terrestrial ecoregion classifications (subdivisions) of the temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands biome (ecosystem), which is one of eight terrestrial ecozones of the Earth's surface.  - The Cyprinidae are the family of freshwater fishes, collectively called cyprinids, that includes the carps, the true minnows, and their relatives (for example, the barbs and barbels). Also commonly called the "carp family", or "minnow family", Cyprinidae is the largest known fish family and the largest vertebrate animal family in general, with about 3,000 living and extinct species in about 370 genera. The family belongs to the ostariophysian order Cypriniformes, of whose genera and species the cyprinids make more than two-thirds. The family name is derived from the Ancient Greek "kyprînos" (, "carp").  - A savanna or savannah is a mixed woodland grassland ecosystem characterised by the trees being sufficiently widely spaced so that the canopy does not close. The open canopy allows sufficient light to reach the ground to support an unbroken herbaceous layer consisting primarily of grasses.  - A desert is a barren area of land where little precipitation occurs and consequently living conditions are hostile for plant and animal life. The lack of vegetation exposes the unprotected surface of the ground to the processes of denudation. About one third of the land surface of the world is arid or semi-arid. This includes much of the polar regions where little precipitation occurs and which are sometimes called polar deserts or "cold deserts". Deserts can be classified by the amount of precipitation that falls, by the temperature that prevails, by the causes of desertification or by their geographical location.    What object entity has the relation of 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'leslie canyon national wildlife refuge'?   Choices: - antarctica  - arizona  - chihuahua  - earth  - east  - florida  - forest  - freedom  - gulf  - los angeles  - mexico  - mexico city  - mission  - most  - northern  - northwest  - of  - plain  - river  - roosevelt  - rush  - savannah  - sonora  - theodore  - united kingdom  - woodland
The answer is: