News article:

An entrance glows outside the Capella Hotel on Sentosa Island in Singapore Tuesday, June 5, 2018. U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will meet at the luxury resort for nuclear... (Associated Press) 
  
 An entrance glows outside the Capella Hotel on Sentosa Island in Singapore Tuesday, June 5, 2018. U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will meet at the luxury resort for nuclear talks next week in Singapore, the White House said Tuesday. (AP Photo/Yong Teck Lim) (Associated Press) 
  
 WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will meet at a luxury resort on Sentosa Island for nuclear talks next week in Singapore, the White House said Tuesday. 
  
 The historic meeting will be held at the Capella Hotel, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted. 
  
 "We thank our great Singaporean hosts for their hospitality," Sanders said. 
  
 Trump and Kim's highly anticipated meeting is scheduled for 9 a.m. local time June 12 at — or 9 p.m. June 11 on the East Coast of the U.S. — after a flurry of on-again-off-again action. 
  
 Trump hopes to secure a nuclear deal with the North Koreans, seeking for Kim to give up his nuclear program, though he stressed last week that the process would likely take longer than a single meeting. 
  
 Located a quarter-mile off the coast of the city-state, Sentosa Island is known for its high-end beach hotels, golf courses and amusement parks. A U.S. advance team was spotted at the Capella Hotel last week meeting with North Korean officials in preparation for the summit. 
  
 The hotel is known for luxury amenities, impeccable service and, above all, privacy for business and leisure. Two of the hotel's buildings were built in the 1880s for British officers based on the island. 
  
 On Tuesday evening, workers were painting a fresh coat on the façade, extra security was in place and red carpets were being rolled out at the hotel's two entrances. 
  
 Officials had also considered the Shangri-La Hotel, which hosts an annual international security summit and was the venue for a 2015 meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou. 
  
 Trump is expected to stay at that hotel, which is near a major shopping district and less secluded than the island facility chosen for his meeting with Kim. ||||| Image copyright Reuters/Capella Singapore Image caption Mr Trump and Mr Kim will meet at the luxury Capella hotel on Sentosa island 
  
 The much-anticipated meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un will take place at a hotel on the Singaporean island of Sentosa, the White House has confirmed. 
  
 The 12 June summit was called off two weeks ago by Mr Trump but has since been salvaged after a flurry of contacts between the two sides. 
  
 Mr Trump said on Tuesday that plans were "moving along very nicely". 
  
 The US wants Mr Kim to commit to giving up his nuclear weapons. 
  
 But it is unclear exactly what is on the table for the discussions in Singapore. Mr Trump has suggested the first meeting will kick off a longer process of negotiations, calling it a "get-to-know-you situation". 
  
 "A lot of relationships being built, a lot of negotiations going on before the trip," he told reporters on Tuesday. "It's very important - it'll be a very important couple of days." 
  
 The summit would represent the first ever meeting between a North Korean leader and a sitting US president. 
  
 White House press secretary Sarah Sanders confirmed on Twitter that the summit would take place at the five-star Capella Hotel. 
  
 But it appears that the two leaders will stay elsewhere. Mr Trump will likely be at the Shangri-La Hotel, where US presidents have stayed before, while Mr Kim will probably stay at the St Regis Singapore, the Straits Times newspaper reports. The two hotels are on the main island, near the famous Orchard Road shopping strip. 
  
 Sentosa is one of 63 islands that make up Singapore. 
  
 The 500-hectare island, only a short distance from the main island, is home to luxury resorts, private marinas and plush golf clubs. 
  
 But the island also has a dark history of piracy, bloodshed and war. 
  
 It was a pirates' haunt 
  
 Singapore was established as a British trading post in the 19th Century. Its prime location on the major sea route between India and China made it an ideal choice. 
  
 But even before British rule, Singapore was a flourishing trade centre, frequented by merchants and traders, as well as pirates. 
  
 Sentosa was known at that time as Pulau Blakang Mati, which directly translates as the "island behind death" - a reference to its violent piracy reputation. 
  
 The island's population was mostly Malay, Chinese and the Bugis - seafarers originally from the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. 
  
 It was a World War Two massacre site 
  
 Singapore fell to the Japanese in 1942, after British colonial forces surrendered. 
  
 It was given a new Japanese name - Syonan, meaning Light of the South. 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The now tranquil beaches of Sentosa were once marred by bloodshed 
  
 Over the next few years, thousands of people were killed by the occupying forces. 
  
 Chinese men between the ages of 18 and 50 were summoned to various sites before being machine-gunned to death and thrown into the sea. 
  
 Among the massacre sites were the beaches on Sentosa, near the Capella hotel where Mr Trump and Mr Kim will meet. 
  
 Sentosa also hosted a prisoner-of-war camp, which held some 400 Allied troops and gunners. 
  
 Tourism boom and fatal accidents 
  
 In the 1970s, the Singaporean government renamed the island Sentosa, meaning "peace and tranquillity", and began developing it as a tourism site. 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Sentosa has today been turned into a tourism hotspot, with the introduction of Universal Studios and the Resorts World casino 
  
 But the island's problems continued. 
  
 In 1983, two carriages on the tourist cable car plunged into the sea after an oil drilling vessel struck the ropeway. 
  
 A water park was opened - Fantasy Island - but was plagued by safety complaints. An eight-year-old girl died there in 2000 when her raft overturned. The park closed in 2002. 
  
 Sentosa has since re-invented itself as the "State of Fun". A Universal Studios theme park, a new water park and the Resorts World casino draw in thousands of Singaporeans and tourists each year. 
  
 The luxury backdrop to the talks 
  
 Image copyright Robert Reck/Capella Singapore 
  
 The 30-acre, 112-room Capella resort, nestled in tropical rainforest and designed by the firm of renowned British architect Norman Foster, features several grand colonial-era buildings. 
  
 It describes itself as a place "where old and new fuse together in luxury". 
  
 Rooms are on offer from about $500 a night (£370) for a Premier Garden King Room to $7,500 a night (£5,600) for the Colonial Manor with three bedrooms and a private pool. 
  
 White House staff have already had a preview of the venue, with Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations Joe Hagin and other officials staying there as they have hammered out the details of the summit. 
  
 However, visitors hoping to grab a ringside seat will be disappointed. There are no rooms available from now until 15 June. 
  
 Playground of the rich and famous 
  
 Sentosa is home to one of the country's most prestigious residential enclaves - Sentosa Cove, where multi-million dollar homes with yacht docks can be found. 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Yachts and boats are seen berthed at Sentosa's marina club 
  
 There is also an award-winning golf club with two courses, some of Singapore's most luxurious hotels and a handful of Michelin-starred restaurants. 
  
 So why Sentosa? 
  
 The island's location, just off the mainland, makes it a secure venue. 
  
 Access to the island can easily be controlled - there is just a cable car, a monorail, a pedestrian causeway and a vehicle tunnel. 
  
 And should the world leaders want a break from their historic talks, did we mention the golf courses? |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?