You will be given a definition of a task first, then some input of the task.
In this task, you are given a set of context paragraphs, some supporting facts and an answer of a question. Your task is to generate question for given answer based on set of context paragraphs, supporting facts and an answer.

Context_1 : The 2007 Chick-fil-A Bowl was an edition of the Chick-fil-A Bowl, formerly known as the Peach Bowl and the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl. It pitted the Auburn Tigers against the Clemson Tigers in a postseason American college football game in Atlanta, Georgia. Auburn University represented the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and Clemson University represented the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in the competition. The game was the final competition of the 2007 football season for each team. In exchange for the right to pick the first ACC team after the Bowl Championship Series selections, bowl representatives paid $3.25 million to the ACC, while the SEC, whose fifth team was selected, received $2.4 million. The combined $5.65 million payout is the seventh-largest among all college football bowl games, and the fourth-largest non-BCS bowl game payout. Context_2 : The Oregon Ducks college football team competes as part of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), representing the University of Oregon in the North Division of the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12). Since the establishment of the team in 1893, Oregon has appeared in 25 bowl games. Included in these games are 8 combined appearances in the traditional "big four" bowl games (the Rose, Sugar, Cotton, and Orange) and 3 Bowl Championship Series (BCS) game appearances, including one in the BCS National Championship Game. Through the history of the program, 7 separate coaches have led the Ducks to bowl games with Mike Bellotti having the most appearances with 12. From 2009 to 2012, Chip Kelly was Oregon's head coach, and led the Ducks to BCS bowl appearances in each of his four seasons at Oregon. After losses in both the 2010 Rose Bowl and the 2011 BCS National Championship Game, Kelly led the Ducks to a victory in the 2012 Rose Bowl over Wisconsin and in the 2013 Fiesta Bowl over Kansas State. Oregon's overall bowl record is 13 wins and 17 losses. Context_3 : The 2001 FedEx Orange Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game and BCS National Championship match between the University of Oklahoma Sooners and the Florida State Seminoles on January 3, 2001, at Pro Player Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. Oklahoma defeated FSU 13–2 in a defensive battle to claim the National Championship as head coach Bob Stoops completed just his second season as the coach of the Sooners. The game was part of the 2000–2001 Bowl Championship Series (BCS) of the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season and represented the concluding game of the season for both teams. The Orange Bowl was first played in 1935, and the 2001 game represented the 67th edition. The contest was televised in the United States on ABC. Context_4 : The 2006 Chick-fil-A Bowl was a postseason college football match between the Georgia Bulldogs and the Virginia Tech Hokies at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia. The University of Georgia represented the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and Virginia Tech represented the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) in the competition. The game was the final competition of the 2006 football season for each team and resulted in a 31–24 Georgia victory, even though spread bettors favored Virginia Tech to win by three points. In exchange for the right to pick the first ACC team after the Bowl Championship Series selections, bowl representatives paid US$3.25 million to the ACC, while the SEC, whose fifth team was selected, received $2.4 million. The combined $5.65 million payout was the seventh-largest among all college football bowl games, and the fourth-largest non-BCS bowl game payout. Context_5 : The 2002 FedEx Orange Bowl game was a post-season college football bowl game between the Florida Gators and the ACC champion Maryland Terrapins on January 2, 2002. Florida defeated Maryland 56–23. The game was part of the 2001–2002 Bowl Championship Series (BCS) of the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season and was the concluding game of the season for both teams. The Orange Bowl was first played in 1935, and the 2002 game was the 68th edition of the Orange Bowl. The contest was televised in the United States on ABC. Context_6 : The 2006 Wake Forest Demon Deacons football team represented Wake Forest University during the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Jim Grobe, in his fifth season at the school, and played its home games at Groves Stadium (now known as BB&T Field). The Deacons finished the regular season with a 10–2 record, giving them the first 10-win season in their history, and won the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. With a win in the conference championship game, Wake Forest's first conference championship in 36 years, they represented the ACC in the Orange Bowl. The team ended the season with an 11–3 record and a number 17 ranking in the nation. The team and its star linebacker Jon Abbate would become the subject of a 2011 feature film, "The 5th Quarter". Context_7 : The Wake Forest Demon Deacons college football team competes as part of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), representing the Wake Forest University in the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Since the establishment of the team in 1888, Wake Forest has appeared in 10 bowl games. The latest bowl occurred on December 27, 2016 when Wake Forest beat Temple in the 2016 Military Bowl. The win in that game brought the Demon Deacons' overall bowl record to sevan wins and four losses (7–4). Context_8 : The College Football Playoff National Championship is a post-season college football bowl game, used to determine a national champion of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), which began play in the 2014 college football season. The game serves as the final of the College Football Playoff, a bracket tournament between the top four teams in the country as determined by a selection committee, which was established as a successor to the Bowl Championship Series and its similar BCS National Championship Game. Unlike the BCS championship, the participating teams in the College Football Playoff National Championship are determined by two semi-final bowls—hosted by two of the consortium's six member bowls yearly—and the top two teams as determined by the selection committee do not automatically advance to the game in lieu of other bowls. Context_9 : The 2007 FedEx Orange Bowl game was a college football Bowl Championship Series (BCS) bowl game following the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The game was played on January 2, 2007, at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. The game matched the No. 15 Wake Forest Demon Deacons versus the No. 6 Louisville Cardinals and was televised on Fox. Context_10 : The 2012 Allstate Sugar Bowl was the 78th edition of the annual postseason college football bowl game known as the Sugar Bowl. It featured the Michigan Wolverines and the Virginia Tech Hokies on Tuesday, January 3, 2012, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. The game was the final contest of the 2011 football season for both teams and was the third game of the 2011–2012 Bowl Championship Series (BCS). The game ended with 23–20 Michigan victory in overtime. Michigan represented the Big Ten Conference (Big Ten) as the at-large team from the conference, while Virginia Tech represented the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) as its at-large team. The game was televised in the United States on ESPN and an estimated 9.6 million viewers watched the broadcast live. This was the first Sugar Bowl since 2000, as well as only the sixth since World War II and the tenth overall, not to feature a Southeastern Conference (SEC) team. fact_1 :  With a win in the conference championship game, Wake Forest's first conference championship in 36 years, they represented the ACC in the Orange Bowl. fact_2 :  The game was played on January 2, 2007, at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida. Answer: Miami Gardens, Florida
Output: