Here is a news article: One-hundred-fifty years after the Hunley made the South proud, the Confederate submarine remains a graceful and formidable machine, its rusted shell continuing to tell tales worthy of the greatest Southern yarn-spinners. 
  
 Desperation, military stakes, engineering knowhow, and sheer bravery all played a role in the historic moment on Feb. 17, 1864, when eight Confederate navy men cranked the Hunley up to a Union ship called the Housatonic and jammed an explosive into her side in an effort to break the chokehold Union blockade of the critical Southern port of Charleston, S.C. 
  
 Hunley’s explosive stab was the first time a military submarine ever sank an enemy ship, and it had an immediate and tragic coda: The Hunley and her eight crew also retired to the bottom of Charleston Harbor, from where it was excavated and returned to harbor in 2000 after being found in 1995. 
  
 The return of the Hunley to land was marked with the pride of cannon fire and cheering crowds, and her treasure was immediate and fulfilling – including the discovery of a bullet-bent coin embossed with the phrase “My life preserver,” as well as buttons, bones and other belongings from the eight-man crew. 
  
 But it’s taken the ensuing fifteen years for researchers to get close to solving the mystery of why the Hunley sank after dispatching her torpedo with a long spar mounted on its prow. 
  
 The Hunley was built in Mobile, Alabama, and hauled by train to Charleston. In test runs, it had already killed several crews by the time it struck the Housatonic, but had each time been raised out of the water to try again. Crew members, lit by lantern-light, sat in a tight row – assuredly praying and sweating – as they hand-cranked a propeller while diving as deep as 50 feet. 
  
 From discovered drawings most experts thought the Hunley was a rude and rudimentary machine, so researchers were shocked at its graceful lines and the ingenuity of its engineering. 
  
 “A real surprise was that the submarine was far more technically advanced than anybody had ever thought,” the novelist Clive Cussler, who helped find the ship, told the Monitor in 2001. 
  
 Scientists say they’re still not 100 percent sure why the Hunley sank, but last year researchers announced a new theory. While the torpedo sat at the tip of a 200-foot spar, evidence shows that the Hunley may have been as few as 20 feet from the Housatonic’s hull when the blast went off. Judging by damage to the spar, researchers suggest the explosion may have knocked the crew unconscious and the boat to the bottom. 
  
 Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy 
  
 Previous theories had suggested that the Hunley’s crew ran out of air before they could return to harbor. Put to rest in 2004, the eight crew members were the last Confederates to be buried from the war. 
  
 On Monday night, military reenactors will gather at the Hunley’s launching spot, to commemorate the achievement of the pioneering sub and her brave crew. ||||| On the clear but chilly night of February 17, 1864, John Crosby stood on the deck of USS Housatonic a little less than six miles and three years removed from the launching point of the Civil War, Fort Sumter. The moonlight shimmered on Charleston Harbor’s still surface as Housatonic patrolled the South Carolina waters as part of the Union naval blockade that was slowly strangling the Confederacy. 
  
 As Crosby gazed out at the placid harbor around 8:45 p.m., Housatonic’s officer of the deck suddenly saw something shatter the water’s glassy surface only 100 yards away on the starboard side. At first, Crosby thought it could be a surfacing porpoise or perhaps a log. But as the murky shadow rippled closer to the warship, the Navy officer sounded the alarm as he realized that the strange object closing in on Housatonic was actually a cutting-edge naval weapon—a submarine. 
  
 Based on information gleaned from Confederate deserters, Union ships had been on alert for undersea vessels lurking in Charleston Harbor. Only four months before, USS New Ironsides had been partially damaged in an attack by the semi-submersible CSS David, and this windless, moonlit winter night offered perfect conditions for operating the approaching submarine, H.L. Hunley. 
  
 As all hands raced to their stations on Housatonic, seven Confederate sailors inside the primitive submarine turned a handcrank that powered the propeller as another man steered toward the 1,240-ton sloop-of-war. Even if they hadn’t been bearing down on a mighty warship, the eight men were already undertaking a dangerous mission simply by being inside the submarine that had already claimed the lives of 13 men, including its inventor, during training exercises. 
  
 The undersea vessel had been privately constructed in Mobile, Alabama, based on the plans of marine engineer Horace Lawson Hunley. Although Crosby initially thought he spotted a porpoise, the submarine more closely resembled a whale. It was constructed out of a 40-foot-long cylindrical iron steam boiler with a tapered bow and stern. After successful tests on the Mobile River, the submarine was transported to Charleston in August 1863 amid hopes by the Confederate navy that it could be a secret weapon in breaking the Union blockade. 
  
 Shortly after testing began in Charleston Harbor, five of Hunley’s nine crewmembers drowned when a ship officer accidentally caused the vessel to dive while the hatches were still open. The submarine was salvaged, but less than two months later, a second training accident killed the eight-member crew, including H.L. Hunley himself. 
  
 Once again, the submarine was pulled to the surface, and even though he knew its tragic history, Lieutenant George Dixon agreed to take command of the vessel in November 1863 and raised a crew of courageous volunteers. As Dixon led his men on the daring attack on Housatonic, he carried with him his good luck charm, a bent gold coin that had saved his life by slowing a bullet that wounded him two years before at the Battle of Shiloh. 
  
 Although Confederate P.G.T. Beauregard had instructed Dixon to remain on the surface during any attacks, given Hunley’s previous accidents, most of the submarine still remained below the water line as it moved so close to Housatonic that the warship’s 12 cannons were useless. The captain and crew fired their rifles and shotguns in a futile attempt to halt the approaching vessel, but the bullets merely bounced off Hunley’s armor as a spar torpedo mounted at the end of a 16-foot rod that protruded from the submarine’s bow struck the warship. 
  
 The spar tore into Housatonic’s starboard quarter near its powder magazine, and the rebel torpedo laden with 135 pounds of gunpowder exploded. Housatonic took on water immediately, and within minutes it was a loss, the first warship to have ever been sunk by a submarine. 
  
 Most of Housatonic’s 155 crewmembers saved themselves by launching lifeboats or climbing the rigging, which remained above the harbor’s shallow 27-foot depth in time for rescue boats from a nearby Union warship to arrive. Five Union sailors died, but the outcome was even more devastating for the Confederacy as Hunley never returned to port. For the third time, Hunley slipped to the bottom of Charleston Harbor, but exactly why remains a mystery. The undersea vessel could have been fatally damaged in the torpedo explosion, hit by a shot from Housatonic or sucked into the vortex of the sinking warship. 
  
 In 1995, the submarine was located beneath sand and shells by novelist Clive Cussler’s National Underwater and Marine Agency. Five years later, the well-preserved wreck of Hunley, with its eight crew still at their stations and Dixon still with his lucky coin, was raised from its murky grave and brought to the Warren Lasch Conservation Center in North Charleston where it was placed in a 90,000-gallon freshwater conservation tank. The crew of Hunley were given a proper burial in 2004, and an international team of scientists studying the wreck believe they are close to solving the mystery of what happened to them in the final moments of their daring mission. |||||
A summary of this is?