Q:Information:  - Kung fu film is a subgenre of martial arts films and Hong Kong action cinema set in the contemporary period and featuring realistic martial arts. It lacks the fantasy elements seen in "wuxia", a related martial arts genre that uses historical settings based on ancient China. Swordplay is also less common in kung-fu films than in "wuxia" and fighting is done through unarmed combat.   - Shaw Brothers (HK) Ltd. was the largest film production company of Hong Kong.  - The Young Master is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the lead role. The film co-stars Yuen Biao, Feng Feng and Shih Kien. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 9 February 1980.  - Quentin Jerome Tarantino (born March 27, 1963) is an American filmmaker and actor. His films are characterized by nonlinear storylines, satirical subject matter, an aestheticization of violence, extended scenes of dialogue, ensemble casts consisting of established and lesser-known performers, references to popular culture, soundtracks primarily containing songs and score pieces from the 1960s to the 1980s, and features of neo-noir film.  - Chinese martial arts, often labeled under the umbrella terms "kung fu" and "wushu", are the several hundred fighting styles that have developed over the centuries in China. These fighting styles are often classified according to common traits, identified as "families", "sects" or "schools" of martial arts. Examples of such traits include "Shaolinquan" physical exercises involving Five Animals mimicry, or training methods inspired by Chinese philosophies, religions and legends. Styles that focus on qi manipulation are called "internal", while others that concentrate on improving muscle and cardiovascular fitness are called "external". Geographical association, as in "northern" and "southern", is another popular classification method.  - The 36th Chamber of Shaolin, also known as "The Master Killer" and "Shaolin Master Killer," is a 1978 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Liu Chia-liang and starring Gordon Liu.  - A stunt is an unusual and difficult physical feat or an act requiring a special skill, performed for artistic purposes usually on television, theatre, or cinema. Stunts are a feature of many action films. Before computer generated imagery special effects, these effects were limited to the use of models, false perspective and other in-camera effects, unless the creator could find someone willing to jump from car to car or hang from the edge of a skyscraper: the stunt performer or stunt double.  - Drunken Master is a 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Yuen Woo-ping, and starring Jackie Chan, Yuen Siu-tien, and Hwang Jang Lee. The film was a success at the Hong Kong box office, earning two and a half times the amount of Chan's previous film, "Snake in the Eagle's Shadow", which was also considered a successful film. It is an early example of the comedic kung fu genre for which Jackie Chan became famous. The film popularised the Zui Quan (, "drunken fist") fighting style. Ranked number 3 on totalfilm.com's 50 greatest kung fu movies of all time.  - Drunken Master II is a 1994 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Lau Kar-leung and Jackie Chan, who stars as Chinese folk hero, Wong Fei-hung. It was Chan's first traditional style martial arts film since "The Young Master" (1980) and "Dragon Lord" (1982). The film was released in North America as The Legend of Drunken Master in 2000.  - Dragon Lord is a 1982 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan, who also starred in the film. It was originally supposed to be a sequel to "The Young Master" and even had the name "Young Master in Love" until it was changed to "Dragon Lord". The film experimented with various elaborate stunt action sequences in a period setting, serving as a transition between Chan's earlier comedy kung fu period films (such as "Drunken Master" and "The Young Master") and his later stunt-oriented modern action films (such as "Project A" and "Police Story").  - Chan Kong-sang, SBS, MBE, PMW, (born 7 April 1954), known professionally as Jackie Chan, is a Hong Kong martial artist, actor, film director, producer, stuntman and singer. In his movies, he is known for his acrobatic fighting style, comic timing, use of improvised weapons, and innovative stunts, which he typically performs himself. Chan has trained in Kung Fu and Hapkido. He has been acting since the 1960s and has appeared in over 150 films.  - Hapkido (, , also spelled hap ki do or hapki-do ) is a highly eclectic Korean martial art. It is a form of self-defense that employs joint locks, grappling, and throwing techniques similar to those of other martial arts, as well as kicks, punches, and other striking attacks. It also teaches the use of traditional weapons, including knife, sword, rope, ssang juhl bong (nunchaku), cane (ji pang ee), short stick (dan bong), and middle-length staff (joong bong, gun (analogous to the Japanese j), and b (Japanese)), which vary in emphasis depending on the particular tradition examined.  - North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere. It can also be considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.  - Lau Kar - leung ( 28 July 1934 -- 25 June 2013 ) , also known as Liu Chia - liang , was a Hong Kong - based Chinese actor , filmmaker , choreographer and martial artist . Lau is best known for the films he made in the 1970s and 1980s for the Shaw Brothers Studio . One of his most famous works is The 36th Chamber of Shaolin which starred Gordon Liu , as well as Drunken Master II which starred Jackie Chan .  - Wong Fei-hung or Huang Feihong (9 July 1847  25 March 1924) was a Chinese martial artist, physician, and folk hero, who has become the subject of numerous martial arts films and television series. He was considered an expert in the Hung Ga style of Chinese martial arts. As a physician, Wong practised and taught acupuncture and other forms of traditional Chinese medicine in Po Chi Lam, a medical clinic in Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province. A museum dedicated to him was built in his birthplace in Foshan City, Guangdong Province.  - , also known as , are members of transnational organized crime syndicates originating in Japan. The Japanese police, and media by request of the police, call them , while the yakuza call themselves . The yakuza are notorious for their strict codes of conduct and organized fiefdom-nature. They have a large presence in the Japanese media and operate internationally with an estimated 102,000 members.  - A folk hero or national hero is a type of heroreal, fictional or mythologicalwith the sole salient characteristic being the imprinting of his or her name, personality and deeds in the popular consciousness of a people. This presence in the popular consciousness is evidenced by its historical frequency in folk songs, folk tales and other folklore; and its modern trope status in literature, art and films.  - Martial arts film is a film genre. A subgenre of the action film, martial arts films contain numerous martial arts fights between characters. They are usually the films' primary appeal and entertainment value, and often are a method of storytelling and character expression and development. Martial arts are frequently featured in training scenes and other sequences in addition to fights. Martial arts films commonly include other types of action, such as hand-to-hand combats, stuntwork, chases, and gunfights.  - Gordon Liu (Lau Ka-fai , birth name Xian Jinxi; born August 22, 1955) is a Chinese martial arts film actor and martial artist. He became famous for playing the lead role of San Te in "The 36th Chamber of Shaolin" (1978) and its sequels. He later became known for his two roles in Quentin Tarantino's "Kill Bill" films: Johnny Mo, the leader of the Crazy 88 Yakuza gang in "" (2003); and kung fu master Pai Mei in "" (2004).    What entity does 'lau kar-leung' has the relation 'place of birth' with?
A: