Write a title for this article:

At least six people were killed when a New York City-bound Amtrak train derailed at a junction bend in northeast Philadelphia on Tuesday night, officials said.

"Hundreds" of passengers were hospitalized, and at least eight of them were reported to be in critical condition at area hospitals, according to authorities at the scene and hospital officials.

Not all passengers were accounted for, officials said, including the CEO of a Philadelphia startup, ApprenNet. Rachel Jacobs hasn't been heard from since the crash, the company COO, Emily Foote, said.

Five people were reported dead in the hours after the 9:38 p.m. crash, and a sixth person died overnight of a "massive chest injury," Herbert Cushing, chief medical officer of Temple University Hospital, said Wednesday morning.

At a news conference later Wednesday, Mayor Michael Nutter said the train's "black box" had been recovered and was being analyzed at an Amtrak operations center in Delaware. The train's conductor was injured in the wreck and was scheduled to give a statement about what happened to the police.

Train 188, Amtrak's Northeast Regional service, left Washington, D.C., for a three-and-a-half hour trip and was scheduled to arrive at New York's Penn Station by 10:34 p.m. It was carrying 238 riders and five crew.

The front of the train had entered a turn at Frankford Junction, in the working-class Philly neighborhood of Port Richmond, when the cars reportedly started to shake and then came to a sudden stop and derailed, according to reports. The cause of the derailment was not known as of early Wednesday.

"We felt a jolt. Immediately I could tell the train derailed," passenger Janna D'Ambris told CNN. "We were to the right of the rails."

Six cars and the engine went off the tracks, a fire official said, and the lead car was nothing more than a mass of mangled metal when it finally came to rest.

“The front of the train is really mangled,” passenger and journalist Paul Cheung said. “It’s a complete wreck. The whole thing is like a pile of metal.”

Cheung, who works for The Associated Press, was at the back of the train and escaped without harm.

“The train started to decelerate, like someone had slammed the brake,” Cheung said. “Then suddenly you could see everything starting to shake. You could see people’s stuff flying over me.”

Gaby Rudy, 18, a George Washington University freshman from Livingston, N.J., told The News that she had nodded off prior to the derailment.

"I was actually sleeping on the train and all of a sudden...I felt it veer off the tracks,” she said. “I was just tumbling and I got thrown to the other side of the train. And the train flipped over almost completely. There was glass everywhere and the doors were shut. And I guess the windows smashed because we climbed out a window.”

RELATED: 5 OTHER RECENT CRASHES INVOLVING NEW YORK CITY PASSENGER TRAINS

Emergency responders flooded to the scene, which is a four-track section that is not far from the Betsy Ross Bridge spanning the Delaware River. There section of track has a speed limit of 50 mph.

In 1943 it was the site of a terrible crash that killed 79 passengers. That too was a Washington-to-New York run on a train that was called The Congressional Limited. It was one of the deadliest train accidents in U.S. history.

On Tuesday night, amid the darkness and devastation, eyewitnesses reported scores of bloodied passengers scurrying to get out of overturned cars, jumping out of windows. But many others had to be carried out of the twisted hulk of a train on stretchers.

“Most people were able to walk off this train; many were transported (to area hospitals)," Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter said at a press conference. He added that it was not clear whether all passengers and crew were accounted for.

Those who escaped without serious injury realized they were the lucky ones.

"We're the lucky ones here," a woman at Temple University Hospital told the Daily News after her 29-year-old son, Jake, suffered a fractured rib.

The tragedy led to the complete suspension of Amtrak service between New York and Philly. "There's no circumstance under which there would be any Amtrak service this week through Philadelphia," Mayor Nutter said Tuesday night, citing the high level of damage.

"This was an absolute disastrous mess," Nutter added. "I have never seen anything like it in my life."

By Wednesday morning, 25 people were still receiving treatment at Temple University Hospital, one of several medical centers that received patients in the chaos following the wreck. Most of the injuries were arm, leg and rib fractures. Eight people remain in critical condition, Dr. Herbert Cushing, the hospital's chief medical officer, said.

"Three went into surgery last night, immediately," he said at a briefing outside the hospital. "The patients who were awake and could talk to me were folks that were in the last two cars," Cushing added.

Amtrak said the company is "deeply saddened by the loss of life" and set up a hotline for updates on loved ones: 800-523-9101. But nearly 40 people quickly tweeted at Amtrak complaining about a lack of information from the company.

Mayor de Blasio, who was in Washington, D.C., Tuesday, tweeted about the "terrible tragedy in Philadelphia tonight."

"NYC sends thoughts & prayers to the passengers, crew and families of those aboard @Amtrak 188,” he wrote.

More than 130 firefighters and 200 police helped passengers from the mangled wreck.

Numerous reports indicated 146 people were hospitalized, but initial counts revealed a higher number of people showing up to area hospitals, including dozens of walking wounded. Jefferson University Hospital said it received 26 patients, mostly with minor injuries. Temple University Hospital said it treated at least 36 people. Aria Health said its hospital in Frankford got about 26 patients while 50 were brought to its Torresdale hospital. Hahnemann University Hospital reported 25 injured and Albert Einstein Medical Center said it treated 10 more.

The National Transportation Safety Board said it sent a "go-team" to investigate the Amtrak derailment. And the federal department of transportation has sent officials to help the NTSB investigate, Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement.

A video posted by Yameen Allworld "Holladay" (@yameenallworld) on May 12, 2015 at 6:35pm PDT

“My thoughts and prayers are with all involved in the Amtrak train accident in Philadelphia tonight. Thank you to the first responders,” Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Wolf tweeted.

There were a few notables aboard the train.

"Im on @Amtrak train that just crashed. Im ok. Helping others. Pray for those injured," Patrick J. Murphy, a former Congressman from Pennsylvania, tweeted.

Yameen Allworld, a Philly-based hip hop producer, was also aboard the train.

“Yameen was on that Amtrak train. He's shook up. But he'll be ok. Praying everyone was safe on that crash,” The Roots’ Questlove tweeted.

Sen. Tom Carper (D-Del.) said he exited the train in Wilmington, Del., dodging disaster. “I am grateful to be home safe and sound in Wilmington, and my heart goes out to everyone involved in the crash on @AmtrakNEC #188 tonight,” he tweeted.

Jennifer Kim, a violinist for the Washington National Opera, also was reportedly aboard the train. She drew an immediate backlash when she tweeted and then deleted: “@AmtrakNEC @Amtrak thanks a lot for derailing my train. Can I please get my violin back from the 2nd car of train?”

Another Amtrak train crashed on Sunday. That train, bound for New Orleans, struck a flatbed truck at a railway crossing in Amite, killing the truck’s driver and injuring two people on the train.

In March, at least 55 people were injured when an Amtrak train collided with a tractor-trailer that was stuck on the tracks in North Carolina.

Four people were killed in 2013 when a Metro-North engineer dozed off and the Grand Central-bound train took a turn at three times the posted speed, derailing near the Spuyten Duyvil Station in the Bronx. That was one of a spate of wrecks involving trains in or around the New York City area.

ON A MOBILE DEVICE? WATCH THE VIDEO HERE.

With Andrew Thompson, Jason Silverstein

Title: