News article:

One man died Saturday night after witnesses say he ran into a ceremonial bonfire at a regional burning festival Saturday night. 
  
 GRANTSVILLE — One man died Saturday night after witnesses say he ran into a ceremonial bonfire at a regional burning festival Saturday night. 
  
 The annual event, put on by Element 11, is a spinoff of the Burning Man festival held in Black Rock City, Nevada. As part of the event, several effigies about 30 feet tall are constructed out of dry wood and ceremoniously burned, according to Element 11 spokesman J.P. Bernier. 
  
 Because the burning produces extreme heat, volunteers form a perimeter around the burning for the safety of other participants, Bernier said. 
  
 After 11 p.m., volunteers noticed a man who came running forward through the crowd and went past the perimeter. Volunteers made attempts to call out and stop the man, but they were unsuccessful in preventing him from jumping into the fire, Bernier said. 
  
 "The nature of the fire is such that our volunteers were not able to get close enough to the fire for risk of their own safety," Bernier said. "He was very fast; he was very motivated. It wasn't an accident or any act of negligence on anybody's part. He had a very deliberate objective to get past our volunteers, past our safety perimeter." 
  
 The victim's name was not released Sunday. Grantsville police issued a very brief statement only saying that they were investigating "a fatality at an event being held within Grantsville City." 
  
 Many participants were distraught and confused by the suddenness of the incident, according to a participant and a documentary photographer named Christian, who declined to provide his last name. 
  
 "I did see that a lot of the community was shocked and traumatized," he said. "There's a lot of questions, a lot of facts that are unknown." 
  
 Doug Johnson said the incident was the first of its kind that he's seen after attending the event for more than a dozen years. 
  
 "I was blown away," Johnson said. "Fifteen years and I've never had anything like that happen, ever." 
  
 More than 100 volunteers help facilitate the regional event, which is intended to "ignite a culture of creativity in the community," Bernier said. The event hosted more than 1,200 attendees, and members of the volunteer Grantsville Fire Department were present. 
  
 A burning scheduled for Sunday morning was canceled after Saturday's incident. 
  
 Christian said safety has been an ever-growing priority at the event over the five years he's been attending. 
  
 "This is the first event that I was restricted as a documentary photographer to ever get near anything there because safety was such a concern," he said. "And the fact that he had to break through that barrier anyway, I would just say that it was not something that was easily prevented at all." 
  
 Bernier said that while safety procedures were followed, policies will be examined in the hope that such incidents will be prevented in the future. 
  
 "We'll definitely look at our policies," Bernier said. 
  
 Contributing: Devon Dolan 
  
 Email: mjacobsen@deseretnews.com, Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam ||||| Man dies after running into bonfire at Utah Burning Man festival 
  
 Man dies after running into bonfire at Utah Burning Man festival 
  
 : The man has been identified as Christopher Wallace, 30, of Salt Lake City.(KUTV) A man witnesses say ran into a bonfire at a Utah Burning Man festival died on Saturday night.The annual Element 11 festival, called "Into the Wild" this year, inspires as many as 1,200 event-goers to create, celebrate and burn art.A photographer captured video of the entire incident at the sold-out festival about 11 p.m. on Saturday. A man, yet unidentified by police, made his way through a crowd of event-goers and a circle of security personnel before spinning around and dancing and then running into a structure that was being intentionally burned."He was running out there. He was dancing around a little bit, and then all of a sudden he jumped into it. It's like he didn't even know it was fire," said witness Daisey McDonald. "The whole time I was thinking, 'He's going to walk out, he's going to be okay.'"Each night, a different, large structure is burned as a crowd gathers. J.P. Bernier, the director of safety volunteers for the event, said plenty of safety officials were present."The fire was intentional, and it was planned. A great deal of preparation and care goes into the constructing of the effigy we burn in ceremonial fashion with attendance by Grantsville fire," Bernier said. "We have a perimeter of safety officials that surround the fire."Grantsville police are investigating what led up to incident."It was a very tragic event," Bernier said. "Our hearts go out to the family and friends of the victim."By Christine McCarthyFollow Christine on Twitter @ReporterXtine (Copyright 2014 Sinclair Broadcasting Group.)Follow us on Twitter @KUTV2News and LIKE us on Facebook forupdates. ||||| Man dies after leap into bonfire at Utah’s Element 11 festival 
  
 Grantsville » Police say he told Element 11 participants that he planned to kill himself. 
  
 A joyous festival was cut tragically short Saturday night when a man burned to death after leaping into a huge ceremonial bonfire. 
  
 As a three-story wooden effigy, inspired by the creatures from Where the Wild Things Are, burned to mark the culmination of the Element 11 festival in Grantsville, hundreds of festival-goers watched in horror as Christopher Wallace of Salt Lake City broke through a safety barrier, danced wildly for a few moments and ran full speed into the flames. 
  
 "He looked like he was having a great time. He was running out there. He was dancing a little bit," witness Daisy McDonald told KUTV. "All of a sudden he jumped into the fire. It’s like he didn’t even know it was fire. It’s like he thought it was just a playground." 
  
 Fire safety rangers were unable to stop Wallace from tossing himself into the inferno. Witnesses said they saw Wallace’s hand rise up from the flames as he died. 
  
 "The whole time I was thinking, ‘He’s gonna walk out. He’s gonna be okay,’ " McDonald said. "I thought he was gonna survive." 
  
 Wallace, who was in his late 20s or early 30s, had told other festival-goers earlier in the day that he planned to kill himself by jumping into the burning effigy, said Grantsville police Lt. Steve Barrett. 
  
 "This is what he was going to do, and it’s what he did," Barrett said, adding that neither security rangers nor firemen could have prevented Wallace from killing himself. "It took not even seconds. He was just through the barricades and into the fire." 
  
 Grantsville police reviewed video footage recorded by witnesses before determining that Wallace’s death was a suicide. The effigy had been burning for about 30 minutes when Wallace leapt into the fire at about about 11 p.m. Saturday, said Grantsville police Lt. Steve Barrett. Firefighters on scene tried to extinguish the flames but could not save Wallace. 
  
 "It was shocking to everybody," said Grantsville Mayor Brent Marshall, who did not witness the burn but visits the event site each year to perform a safety inspection. Marshall expressed his sympathy not only for the family of the dead man but also for the people who witnessed the suicide. 
  
 "Horrific things get embedded into people’s minds," Marshall said. "It’s a tragedy any way you want to look at it." 
  
 story continues below 
  
 story continues below 
  
 Element 11, or E-11 for short, is a so-called "regional burn," one of dozens of smaller-scale events affiliated with the Burning Man arts and culture festival that takes place in Nevada’s Black Rock Desert every August. The event drew 1,200 attendees, several hundred of whom were on hand when Wallace dove into the burning effigy. 
  
 Grantsville police contacted Wallace’s wife Sunday before releasing his name to the public. Police have asked medical examiners to do a toxicology report to determine if Wallace had drugs in his system, Barrett said. That report should be available in two to three weeks. 
  
 hstevens@sltrib.com 
  
 Twitter: @Harry_Stevens |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?