Information:  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Angerme (  Anjurumu ) , formerly S / mileage (  Sumairji ) is a Japanese idol girl group from Hello ! Project , which originally consisted of four former Hello ! Pro Egg ( Hello ! Project trainees ) members that left Egg in 2010 and became full - time members of Hello ! Project . In 2010 , they won the Japan Record Award for Best New Artist . In 2011 , five new girls were added to the group as part of the second generation , with two being former Egg members and three new girls , while also losing three members at the same time ; three more members were added in 2014 . As of November 29 , 2015 , the group has 9 members .  - , better known by her birth name is a Japanese singer, writer, TV personality, fashion designer. She is most famous for her participation in Japanese pop girl group Morning Musume  - He is best known for having two major roles in the Japanese music landscape: first as the lead singer of the popular rock group Sharam Q, and now as the producer, primary composer, lyricist, and (until 2014) primary studio backing vocalist for highly acclaimed idol group Morning Musume, in addition to Aya Matsuura and other associated idols under the Hello! Project banner, for whom he has written and produced the vast majority of their chart-topping hits. He has also produced music for other Japanese artists, including Ayumi Hamasaki's . As his musical influences he cites The Beatles, Japanese popular music (especially kaykyoku), American and European hits being played on the radio when he was a schoolboy, disco acts such as Chic, Kool & the Gang and Earth, Wind & Fire, and bands like Duran Duran and The Power Station.  - In Japanese pop culture, is a term typically used to refer to young manufactured stars/starlets marketed to be admired for their cuteness. Idols are intended to be role models. They are supposed to have a good public image and be good examples to young people. Idols aim to play a wide range of roles as media personalities ("tarento"), e.g. pop singers, panelists of variety programs, bit-part actors, models for magazines and advertisements.  - Doo-wop is a genre of music that was developed in African-Americans communities of New York City, Philadelphia, Chicago, Baltimore, Newark, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Detroit, Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles in the 1940s, achieving mainstream popularity in the 1950s and early 1960s. Built upon vocal harmony, doo-wop was one of the most mainstream, pop-oriented R&B styles of the time. Singer Bill Kenny (19141978) is often called the "Godfather of Doo-wop" for his introducing the "top and bottom" format which featured a high tenor singing the lead and a bass singer reciting the lyrics in the middle of the song. Doo-wop features vocal group harmony, nonsense syllables, a simple beat, sometimes little or no instrumentation, and simple music and lyrics.  - Biography. Career. She was born in Muroran, Hokkaid, Japan.  -  History. 19972000: Beginning, Michiyo Heike & Morning Musume. In 1997, Japanese rock group Sharam Q, fronted by Tsunku, began auditions for a female vocalist. These auditions aired via the reality show Asayan, and resulted in Michiyo Heike being crowned winner. Tsunku, however, decided to give five of the runners-up, Yuko Nakazawa, Natsumi Abe, Kaori Iida, Asuka Fukuda and Aya Ishiguro, a chance to become a group in their own right. The girls were set the task of selling 50,000 copies of their demo single "Ai no Tane," in just five days. The girls sold the required number of copies in four days, and subsequently became an official group.  - Biography. Yuko Nakazawa was one of five runners-up in a 1997 talent contest for a new Japanese rock idol. After the contest, musician and producer Tsunku offered Nakazawa and the four other runners-up (Natsumi Abe, Kaori Iida, Aya Ishiguro, and Asuka Fukuda) the chance to be taken under his wing under one condition: they must sell 50,000 CDs of their debut song "Ai no Tane" with five days of live promotion. The quintet accomplished that task in four and thus Morning Musume was born. The group has since grown increasingly popular and is infamous for its fluctuating lineup, with members leaving and joining frequently.  - Overview. In 1997, Fukuda joined Morning Musume along with Yuko Nakazawa, Aya Ishiguro, Natsumi Abe, and Kaori Iida. Although she was the youngest member at that time, she was the first to graduate in April 1999. She left to continue her schooling and rumours of a return to a musical career have not been realized. Her last single with Morning Musume was Memory Seishun no Hikari. In 2005, she was working as an assistant at her father's nightclub "Philippine" in Tokyo. On November 9, 2011, her long-awaited comeback album "Double Fantasy", as a part of Peacestone, was released.  - Asayan, originally known as , was a talent search variety show that aired on TV Tokyo from 1995 to 2002. Some idols that were originally discovered through Asayan auditions produced by Tsunku, formed groups that worked under the umbrella group, later to be named as the Hello! Project.  - A girl group is a music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together. The term "girl group" is also used in a narrower sense in the United States of America to denote the wave of American female pop music singing groups, many of whom were influenced by doo-wop, and which flourished in the late 1950s and early 1960s between the decline of early rock and roll and start of the British Invasion.  - Biography. They debuted with in 1992. They were not an instant hit initially, but their fourth single broke the top 50 of the Oricon charts. Eventually, the single got a lot of attention since it was used in the DNA^2 anime series, breaking into the top 10. The next single , also broke into the top 10. "Zurui Onna" is the 84th best-selling single in Japan of all-time. Their 11th single, , topped the charts in 1996.  - , formerly simply and colloquially referred to as , is a Japanese female idol group, holding the second highest overall single sales (of a female group) on the Oricon charts as of February 2012, with the Oricon record of most top ten singles with an amount of 50, and they have sold over 21 million copies in Japan alone.  - It was later included in many other Morning Musume releases: in their first official single "Morning Coffee"; their first album, ; and their first "Best of" compilation, "Best! Morning Musume 1". An instrumental for this song was included in the bonus karaoke disc in the "Early Single Box".  - Careers. Japanese television programs often feature these media personalities. Many, sometimes dozens at a time, are called in to take part in these prime time shows. Their participation in these programs varies greatly and includes performing, voicing opinions, mimicking fellow celebrities in a practice called Monomane, taking part in game shows, joking, or just being present for the entire duration of the show (known as being part of the "gallery").  - The British Invasion was a phenomenon that occurred in the mid-1960s when rock and pop music acts from the United Kingdom, as well as other aspects of British culture, became popular in the United States, and significant to the rising "counterculture" on both sides of the Atlantic. Pop and rock groups such as the Beatles, the Dave Clark Five, the Kinks, the Rolling Stones, Herman's Hermits, and the Animals were at the forefront of the invasion.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'angerme' with the relationship of 'genre'.  Choices: - album  - anime  - biography  - british invasion  - culture  - game  - genre  - history  - japanese  - kayōkyoku  - music  - musical  - play  - pop  - popular music  - television  - united states of america  - variety  - variety show
A: