Rescue personnel stand in front of two trains that collided head-on near Bad Aibling, southern Germany, Tuesday, Feb. 9, 2016. Several people have been killed and dozens were injured. (AP Photo/Matthias... (Associated Press) 
  
 BERLIN (AP) — The Latest on a train crash in Germany that has caused deaths and injuries (all times local): 
  
 12:25 p.m. 
  
 German police say the death toll from a head-on train crash in the southern state of Bavaria has risen to nine. 
  
 Federal police spokesman Rainer Scharf told The Associated Press at the scene of the accident that the ninth body was still being removed from the train. 
  
 All survivors have now been taken to safety and investigators are beginning to look through the wreckage. 
  
 ___ 
  
 12:10 p.m. 
  
 The city blood donation center in Munich has put out an urgent call for donors after a train crash near the city in southern Germany took at least eight lives and left 150 injured. 
  
 The Munich Blood Donation Service, which delivers blood products to local hospitals, said Tuesday on its website that there was "an acute increased need for life-saving blood products" after the accident near the town of Bad Aibling, about 60 kilometers (40 miles) to the southeast. 
  
 It asked donors to come "right now" to the donation center in the city's downtown. The donation service is part of the city's municipal clinic. 
  
 ___ 
  
 12:05 p.m. 
  
 German police say all survivors of a morning train crash in Bavaria have now been rescued from the wreckage and taken to hospitals for treatment. 
  
 Federal police spokesman Rainer Scharf told The Associated Press from the scene that crews were still trying to remove one body from one of the two trains involved in the head-on collision. 
  
 Authorities say at least eight people were killed in the crash and 150 injured; the cause is not yet known. 
  
 Scharf says now that all the survivors have been taken to safety, authorities will begin trying to determine what went wrong. 
  
 ___ 
  
 11:10 a.m. 
  
 German police say the death toll in the train crash in southern Germany has risen to eight. Police spokesman Stefan Sonntag said 150 people were injured in the Tuesday morning crash, including 50 severely. 
  
 The two trains crashed head-on into each other shortly before 7 a.m. on the single line that runs next to the Mangfall river in Bad Aibling, Bavaria. 
  
 10:50 a.m. 
  
 Injured people are being carried by helicopter and boat from the inaccessible site of a train crash in southern Germany. 
  
 Rescue helicopters are carrying people on a rope across the Mangfall river to ambulances waiting on the other side, four hours after the two trains crashed head-on. 
  
 German news agency reported that the rail line is used by commuters going to Munich for work. Usually schoolchildren also take the trains, but they are currently on winter vacation. 
  
 ___ 
  
 10:45 a.m. 
  
 Federal police spokesman Stefan Brandl says the stretch of line on which the two trains crashed is squeezed between the Mangfall river on one side and a forest on the other, which is making rescue operations very difficult. 
  
 He confirmed that four people had died and some 100 were injured, several seriously, but cautioned that the numbers would change. "The current number of dead and injured is a shapshot; this can and will still change." 
  
 Asked about the cause of the crash, Brandl responded, "We're still in the middle of the rescue operations, it's too early to talk about possible reasons for the crash now." 
  
 Police called a news conference for noon (1100 GMT). 
  
 ___ 
  
 10:20 a.m. 
  
 The operator of the two trains that crashed, Bayerische Oberlandbahn, says on its website that the trains of the so-called Meridian line both partially derailed and are wedged into each other. 
  
 Both the trains' operator and federal police in Bavaria have activated phone hotlines for family and relatives. 
  
 The statement did not address the cause of the crash, and officials decline to comment on it. 
  
 ___ 
  
 9:50 a.m. 
  
 German news agency dpa reports that four people have died in the head-on train crash in Bavaria. 
  
 Dpa, citing a federal police official on the scene, says that about 150 people were injured in the crash Tuesday morning between two regional trains near Bad Aibling, about 60 kilometers (40 miles) southeast of Munich. 
  
 A spokesman for German Federal Police in Bavaria, Matthias Knott, told the AP that the crash took place "in an inaccessible region" and that rescue personnel were still in the middle of getting passengers out of the trains. 
  
 ___ 
  
 9 a.m. 
  
 Police spokesman Stefan Sonntag told The Associated Press that two regional trains crashed head-on on the single track between Rosenheim and Holzkirchen shortly before 7 a.m. on Tuesday. 
  
 Sonntag said that at least two people had died in the crash, but that the scene of the accident was so confusing that he did not have any specific numbers of injured and dead yet. 
  
 "This is the biggest accident we have had in years in this region and we have many emergency doctors, ambulances and helicopters on the scene," Sonntag said. 
  
 He said some people were still stuck inside the wreckage of the train and rescue personnel were trying to free them. 
  
 ___ 
  
 8:55 a.m. 
  
 Police say at least two people have died and about 100 have been injured — 10 seriously — in a train crash in southern Germany. 
  
 German news agency dpa reported that two regional trains were involved in the crash Tuesday morning near Bad Aibling in Bavaria. 
  
 8:45 a.m. 
  
 Police say several people have been injured in an early morning train crash in southern Germany. 
  
 They say two trains were involved in the crash near Bad Aibling, in Bavaria. It was not immediately clear how many people were injured. 
  
 German news agency dpa reported that one train derailed in the crash Tuesday morning, and several wagons overturned. 
  
 Dpa reported that eight rescue helicopters were standing on a lawn near the entrance to the town of Bad Aibling and further rescue staff were on the way to the scene of the crash. ||||| At least nine people have died and scores have been injured – 50 seriously – after two commuter trains collided in southern Germany, police have said. 
  
 The crash happened near the Bavarian town of Bad Aibling at 6.48am on Tuesday. Several carriages overturned after the trains, which were travelling in opposite directions, collided head on. 
  
 The death toll had risen to 10 at one point, though police later revised it down to nine, with 50 severely injured and a further 100 carrying light injuries. 
  
 Federal police spokesman Stefan Brandl cautioned that the toll would change. He said: “The current number of dead and injured is a snapshot; this can and will change.” 
  
  
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Paramedics attend to a crash victim. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters 
  
 The passengers were mostly commuters travelling between Munich and Rosenheim. Because of school holidays, many children who would normally take the trains were not on board, a local newspaper said. 
  
 Rescue workers from across Bavaria and from Austria attended the scene, with the injured transported by helicopter and boat from the site. 
  
 Both train drivers died in the crash. There is no information so far as to why the trains were on the single-lane track travelling in opposite directions at the same time. 
  
  
  
 “The accident is a huge shock for us. We’re doing everything to help the passengers, their relatives and train personnel,” Bernd Rosenbusch, the head of the Bavarian overland train service BOB, told the local news portal Mangfall24. 
  
 The trains’ operator, Meridian, is part of French passenger transport firm Transdev, which is jointly owned by state-owned bank CDC and water and waste firm Veolia. 
  
 State-owned Deutsche Bahn is responsible for the track. The line has a system that makes a train brake automatically if it goes through a red light. 
  
 The line between Holzkirchen and Rosenheim was closed indefinitely with a replacement bus service in operation. A press conference was expected to take place at midday. |||||

Write a summary.