Given the question: Information:  - The Cheyenne Social Club is a 1970 Western comedy , written by James Lee Barrett , directed and produced by Gene Kelly , and starring James Stewart , Henry Fonda and Shirley Jones . It 's the story about an aging cowboy who inherits a brothel and decides to turn it into a respectable boarding house , against the wishes of both the townspeople and the ladies working there .  - Street prostitution is a form of prostitution in which a sex worker solicits customers from a public place, most commonly a street, while waiting at street corners or walking alongside a street, but also other public places such as parks, benches, etc. The street prostitute is often dressed in a provocative manner. The sex act may be performed in the customer's car or in a nearby secluded street location, or at the prostitute's apartment or in a rented motel room.  - John Joseph Edward "Jack" Cassidy (March 5, 1927  December 12, 1976) was an American actor, singer and director of stage, film, and television.  - A sex worker is a person who is employed in the sex industry.  - Shirley Mae Jones (born March 31, 1934) is an American singer and actress of stage, film and television. In her six decades of show business, she has starred as wholesome characters in a number of well-known musical films, such as "Oklahoma!" (1955), "Carousel" (1956), and "The Music Man" (1962). She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for playing a vengeful prostitute in "Elmer Gantry" (1960). She played the lead role of Shirley Partridge, the widowed mother of five children, in the musical situation-comedy television series "The Partridge Family" (197074), which co-starred her real-life stepson David Cassidy, son of Jack Cassidy.  - A brothel or bordello is a place where people may come to engage in sexual activity with a prostitute, sometimes referred to as a sex worker. Technically, any premises where prostitution commonly takes place qualifies as a brothel. However, for legal or cultural reasons, establishments sometimes describe themselves as massage parlors, bars, strip clubs, body rub parlours, studios or by some other description. Sex work in a brothel is considered safer than street prostitution.  - Strip clubs are venues that regularly provide adult entertainment, predominantly in the form of striptease or other erotic or exotic dances. Strip clubs typically adopt a nightclub or bar style, and can also adopt a theatre or cabaret-style. American-style strip clubs began to appear outside of North America after World War II, arriving in Asia in the late 1940s and Europe in the 1950s, where they competed against the local English and French styles of striptease and erotic performances.  - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. (abbreviated as MGM or M-G-M, also known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer or Metro, and for a former interval known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer/United Artists, or MGM/UA) is an American media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of feature films and television programs.  - James Lee Barrett (November 19, 1929  October 15, 1989) was an American author, producer and screenwriter.  - Prostitution is the business or practice of engaging in sexual activity in exchange for payment or some other benefit. Prostitution is sometimes described as commercial sex or hooking. Depending on the jurisdiction, prostitution can be legal or illegal. A person who works in this field is called a prostitute, and is a kind of sex worker. Prostitution is one of the branches of the sex industry: other branches include pornography, stripping, nude modelling, and erotic dancing. The legal status of prostitution varies from country to country (sometimes from region to region within a given country), ranging from being permissible but unregulated, to an enforced or unenforced crime, or a regulated profession. It is sometimes referred to euphemistically as "the world's oldest profession" in the English-speaking world. Estimates place the annual revenue generated by prostitution worldwide to be over $100 billion.  - Oklahoma! is the first musical written by the team of composer Richard Rodgers and librettist Oscar Hammerstein II. The musical is based on Lynn Riggs' 1931 play, "Green Grow the Lilacs". Set in Oklahoma Territory outside the town of Claremore in 1906, it tells the story of cowboy Curly McLain and his romance with farm girl Laurey Williams. A secondary romance concerns cowboy Will Parker and his flirtatious fiancée, Ado Annie.  - The Partridge Family is an American musical-sitcom starring Shirley Jones and featuring David Cassidy. Jones plays a widowed mother, and Cassidy plays the oldest of her five children who embark on a music career. It ran from September 25, 1970, until March 23, 1974, on the ABC network as part of a Friday-night lineup, and had subsequent runs in syndication. The family was loosely based on the real-life musical family The Cowsills, a popular band in the late 1960s and early 1970s.  - A screenplay writer, screenwriter for short, scriptwriter or scenarist is a writer who practices the craft of screenwriting, writing screenplays on which mass media such as films, television programs, comics or video games are based.  - David Bruce Cassidy (born April 12, 1950) is an American actor, singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is widely known for his role as Keith Partridge, the son of Shirley Partridge (played by his stepmother Shirley Jones), in the 1970s musical-sitcom "The Partridge Family", which led to him becoming one of pop culture's most celebrated teen idols and pop singers of the 1970s. He has since had a career in both acting and music.  - Henry Jaynes Fonda (May 16, 1905  August 12, 1982) was an American film and stage actor with a career spanning more than five decades.  - The Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is given in honor of an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role while working within the film industry.  - A massage parlor (American English), or massage parlour (British English), is a place where massage services are provided. Some massage parlors are fronts for prostitution and the term "massage parlor" has also become a euphemism for a brothel, to the annoyance of professional masseurs.  - Eugene Curran "Gene" Kelly (August 23, 1912  February 2, 1996) was an American dancer, actor, singer, film director, producer and choreographer. He was known for his energetic and athletic dancing style, his good looks, and the likeable characters that he played on screen.  - The Music Man is a musical with book, music, and lyrics by Meredith Willson, based on a story by Willson and Franklin Lacey. The plot concerns con man Harold Hill, who poses as a boys' band organizer and leader and sells band instruments and uniforms to the naive Iowa townsfolk, promising to train the members of the new band. But Harold is no musician and plans to skip town without giving any music lessons. Prim librarian and piano teacher Marian sees through him, but when Harold helps her younger brother overcome his lisp and social awkwardness, Marian begins to fall in love. Harold risks being caught to win her.  - James Maitland Stewart (May 20, 1908July 2, 1997), also known as Jimmy Stewart, was an American actor and military officer who is among the most honored and popular stars in film history. A major Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract player, Stewart was known for his distinctive drawl and down-to-earth persona, which helped him often portray American middle-class men struggling in crisis. Many of the films he starred in have become enduring classics.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'the cheyenne social club' exhibits the relationship of 'main subject'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - actor  - comedy  - company  - crime  - english  - europe  - family  - film  - film industry  - history  - life  - music  - musician  - pornography  - prostitution  - romance  - sex industry  - television  - walking  - war  - writer  - writing
The answer is: