As a professional dancer, Pasha Kovalev is used to pushing his body - and, apart from an occasional sniffle, it's served him well. 'I had a few colds, but nothing serious. I was always on the dancefloor, which kept me in good shape,' says the 33-year-old, who has appeared on Strictly Come Dancing since 2011, partnering celebrities such as singer Kimberley Walsh and, in the new series, Countdown's Rachel Riley. But it was this hard-working lifestyle, he believes, which led to a bout of illness so severe it could have cost him his life. In step: Strictly Come Dancing partners Rachel Riley and Pasha Kovalev. In 2006, Pasha was living in New York, where he came down with a sore throat - accompanied by fever, heavy limbs, trouble swallowing and extreme fatigue. 'I assumed it was just a common cold,' says Pasha, who is from Russia. But over the course of six days he became so ill his friend called an ambulance. After a battery of tests, he was diagnosed with Lemierre's syndrome. A complication of tonsillitis, it causes inflammation in the head or neck. The condition causes the bacteria infecting the throat to get into the jugular vein -– the main vein that runs through the neck and connects the head to the heart. This leads to the lining of the vessel becoming inflamed, disrupting the flow of blood and triggering the formation of a blood clot, which is infected with the bacteria. After a scan found Pasha had a blood clot, doctors told him there was a danger of it spreading into his brain, where it could result in a stroke. He was given antibiotics and blood-thinners to try to prevent it from getting bigger so his body could break it down. Another potential risk is of bacteria escaping into the bloodstream within broken pieces of clot or independently. This could lead to life-threatening blood poisoning, or septicaemia. Hooked up to drips and unable to eat solid food, Pasha lost 20lb in less than a fortnight and felt weak, but he stayed positive. 'I am quite chilled out and my attitude was: “If the blood clot moves, it moves, but for now I am still here.” ' Deceptive: Pasha thought he had a minor cold, but after a slew of tests he was diagnosed with Lemierre's syndrome, a complication of tonsillitis. Thankfully, Pasha's clot did dissolve and he was discharged from hospital within three weeks - but he was left with a weakened immune system for months. Though Lemierre's is rare, complications stemming from throat infections are not uncommon. 'Sore throats are more common than any other type of infection,' says Andrew McCombe, ear, nose and throat (ENT) consultant and spokesman for ENT UK. 'Though the majority will be nothing to worry about, if it gets nasty, bacteria can get into the bloodstream, make you very sick and interfere with the function of organs. In exceptional circumstances, they can cause septicaemia, which can lead to death.' The three main structures of the throat that can feel sore are the larynx (voice box), pharynx (the throat) and tonsils. Inflammation of these areas are known as laryngitis, pharyngitis and tonsillitis. The latter is the most common, with most children experiencing it at least once. Experts are warning that tonsillitis is on the rise, and this is causing an increase in a condition called quinsy. This is a complication of tonsillitis, and causes pus to develop between the tonsils and the back of the throat. 'Quinsy is common,' says Mr McCombe. 'We see two or three cases a week where I work, and there are 6,000 admissions for quinsy across the country every year. We're seeing more as we witness a reduction in the number of tonsillectomies.' As well as a painful abscess (up to the size of a walnut) and sore throat, patients with quinsy may have trouble swallowing, which can lead to drooling, bad breath and an earache. If the infection gets into the bloodstream, it could lead to rigors (shivering), though doctors are unsure why, says ENT surgeon George Murty, of University Hospitals Leicester. 'Cases have increased two to three times in the past few years compared to previously,' says Mr Murty. 'It's not just more common, it is also more severe. 'I see more complications, such as the pus spreading. If it gets to the spinal cord, it could potentially cause paralysis. 'In the past year I've seen three major complications of quinsy. When I started 25 years ago, you'd see it once every couple of years.' He puts the increase down to GPs prescribing fewer antibiotics for sore throats - due to concerns over antibiotic resistance - as well as fewer children having their tonsils removed. 'The Government is keen to reduce the costs of surgery. Previously, the decision on whether you'd benefit from a tonsillectomy was made by the GP,' says Mr Murty. 'Quinsy is common. We see two or three cases a week where I work, and there are 6,000. admissions for quinsy across the country every year. We're seeing more. as we witness a reduction in the number of tonsillectomies.' 'Now it's increasingly more difficult for GPs to refer patients for tonsillectomies. You need to have many more episodes of tonsillitis - usually seven a year - before you have the operation.' But quinsy isn't the only complication of a sore throat. A quarter of children with throat infections will have a middle ear infection, or glue ear, where the fluid between the inner ear and eardrum becomes infected by bacteria. 'The bacteria can spread up the eustacian tube, which connects the back of the throat to the ear,' says Mr Murty. 'It can also happen when the tonsils and andenoids - lumps of tissue above the tonsils - swell up, blocking off this tube and meaning you can't ventilate it properly. This can lead to hearing loss. Fortunately, it's reversible.' Another potentially serious, but thankfully rare, complication arising from a throat infection is scarlet fever - characterised by a distinctive pinkish rash - and rheumatic fever, which leads to joint pain and swelling, and inflammation of the heart. These conditions develop in response to so-called 'strep throat' - a throat infection caused by streptococcal bacteria. Throat infections can also result in glomerulonephritis - an inflammation of the kidneys that can ultimately lead to renal failure. It can be caused by the immune system attacking healthy tissue as a consequence of the infection. And research has even pointed to a link between throat infections caused by the streptococcal bacteria and obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), characterised by anxious thoughts and repetitive behaviours such as handwashing. Pushy: Pasha, pictured with Kimberley Walsh, says 'Now if I push myself, I make sure I have time to recuperate' A 2009 study from Columbia University concluded some cases of OCD could be caused by the body's attempt to attack the bacteria. One theory is that antibodies made by the body to attack the bacteria react with parts of the brain. However, many experts are unconvinced of the link. Despite the potential complications of a sore throat, Mr McCombe stresses most are minor and unlikely to lead to a serious problem. 'If it's an isolated sore throat, I wouldn't be too stressed,' he says. 'But if you also have joint pain, which could indicate bacteria spreading into the bloodstream, muscle ache, a temperature, headache and you feel really rotten, give it up to 48 hours and do the sensible things, such as taking on fluids, painkillers and anti-inflammatories. 'But if you feel worse after 48 hours, consider seeing your GP.' After Pasha recovered from Lemierre's, he decided to stop putting himself through gruelling dance competitions and concentrate on performing in shows. This led him into the world of TV via the U.S. version of So You Think You Can Dance, where the Strictly producers spotted him. 'For most of us, if everything is going well, you take things for granted - and that includes your health,' says Pasha. 'Now if I push myself, I make sure I have time to recuperate. Strictly can be intense, so I go on holiday as soon as it's over.' Pasha: The Autobiography Of TV's Hottest Dance Star by Pasha Kovalev (John Blake, £14.99). To order a copy for £13.49 (P&P free), call 0844 472 4157.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: