Summarize this article:

Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders walks the picket line with Verizon protesters in New York on Wednesday, April 13. Verizon and the unions have been talking since last June over the company's plans to cut healthcare and pension-related benefits over a three-year period. (Reuters) 
  
 NEW YORK — Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) made two shows of solidarity with labor unions, picking up the endorsement of the local Transport Workers Union and rallying with Communications Workers of America members who are on strike against Verizon. 
  
 The presidential candidate, who has spent days rallying voters and CWA shop stewards in New York, started off at the Brooklyn offices of TWU Local 100. In 2008, its national organization endorsed John Edwards, then Barack Obama. This time, said the union's president, John Samuelsen, members realized that “business-as-usual politics is not going to give us the jolt we need” and got behind Sanders. 
  
 “We all know in this room that you don’t have a great and growing middle class unless you have a great and growing trade union movement,” Sanders said. “And it is no secret that there have been fierce attacks against the trade union movement for the last number of decades, and in fact, you could argue that it is the trade unions of today that are the last lines of defense against a vicious corporate agenda that is working hard to destroy the middle class.” 
  
 [Verizon’s workers on strike after impasse over contract talks] 
  
 At times during the endorsement event, a few boisterous members of the union tried to start a chant: “Feel the rhythm, feel the rhyme, 2016 is Bernie time!” When he wrapped, Sanders was swarmed by supporters, including one who told him to “kick some a—“ in the April 19 New York primary. 
  
 “I believe we're gonna win here in New York City, and we're gonna win here in New York state,” Sanders said. 
  
 Leaving through a back door, Sanders headed to a Verizon protest on Flatbush Avenue. Surrounded by Secret Service agents and moving briskly from his motorcade to a speech site, Sanders was followed for three blocks by a man who kept shouting “I love you, Bernie!” Asked if he was “excited” to be there, Sanders turned the subject immediately to the workers’ grievance. 
  
 “This is about a company that wants to take health-care benefits away from its workers, but somehow they have enough money to pay $20 million a year,” Sanders said. “These workers are standing up against injustice, and I stand with them.” 
  
 A cheer went up as Sanders approached the protest. “We’ve got a champion who’s fighting for us,” said Christopher Shelton, CWA’s president. “Bernie Sanders!” 
  
 Addressing the strikers as “brothers and sisters,” Sanders again condemned Verizon for its chief executive's pay and reluctance to pay the benefits the union had asked for. 
  
 “This is just another major American corporation trying to destroy the lives of working Americans,” Sanders said. “Today you are standing up not just for Verizon workers; you’re standing up for millions of Americans who don’t have a union … on behalf of every worker in America, who is facing the same kind of pressure: Thank you. We’re gonna win this thing!” 
  
 Sanders left the stage, pausing briefly for photos, then working a makeshift ropeline — actually a metal gate — with more than his usual aplomb. A few minutes later, he was back in the motorcade, with no more public events planned until a Wednesday night rally in Washington Square. 
  
 Meanwhile, Sanders was declaring another kind of solidarity — with a trio of Democratic congressional candidates. They included Zephyr Teachout, an author, academic and surprisingly strong 2014 candidate for governor of New York who is now seeking a seat in the Hudson Valley. 
  
 "When we talk about a political revolution, we also need to have people in Congress who aren't beholden to special interests," Sanders wrote in his Teachout letter. "Zephyr literally wrote the book on political corruption. She understands better than anybody how special interests try to buy off politicians, and she's dedicated her life to fixing our broken political system." 
  
 Teachout, like Sanders, was in the midst of a solidarity rally with striking Verizon workers. 
  
 We need more people to build out FiOS. But Verizon wants to slash jobs. Proud to stand with CWA. #verizonstrike pic.twitter.com/H2jk2MB9iX — Zephyr Teachout (@ZephyrTeachout) April 13, 2016 ||||| Photo 
  
 About 36,000 Verizon workers went on strike early Wednesday after the communications company failed to reach an agreement with unions representing workers for its wireline operations. 
  
 Verizon has said that consumers will be mostly unaffected because it has trained thousands of nonunion employees since last year to fill in for those who walk the picket line. Union workers counter that the strike will impair Verizon’s ability to deliver quality customer service, including service calls and equipment installations. 
  
 Here’s a guide to which consumers may be affected, who won’t and how any disruption might manifest itself. 
  
 Which services will be affected? 
  
 The unions generally represent workers for Verizon’s wireline operations, which include the company’s landline, high-speed Internet and television services. These services are mostly available only in the Northeast, including Massachusetts, Rhode Island and the region from southern New York to Virginia. Verizon offers home wireline services in parts of nine states, serving about 15 million phone lines. The unionized workers perform a range of tasks, like fixing a phone line that’s out of service, installing new phone and broadband Internet lines, or fielding customer support calls. 
  
 Union workers say they plan to picket some Verizon Wireless stores, but only a small number of those employees are part of the unions. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 In other words, subscribers to Verizon’s cellular phone and data services should not notice any changes. There should be no major difference when you call Verizon Wireless or go into a retail store with questions about your cellphone bill, data usage or upgrading to a new smartphone, for example. 
  
 How might wireline services be affected by the strike? 
  
 Verizon says consumers need not worry about the potential strike. “We went through very extensive, good training and we’re very confident that we’re more than ready to meet the needs of our customers,” said Raymond McConville, a Verizon spokesman. 
  
 But judging from numbers alone, Verizon’s wireline customers can reasonably expect a deterioration in customer service quality. Even with preparation, the company said it had trained only upward of 10,000 employees to fill in for the nearly 36,000 workers who went on strike. In addition, many unionized workers who are striking have been doing this type of work for far longer than the one year that Verizon has trained nonunion workers to fill in. 
  
 “There will almost certainly be some functions which may be slower or unavailable during the strike, because they require specialized skills or there just aren’t sufficient alternative resources available to fill all functions,” said Jan Dawson, an independent technology analyst for Jackdaw Research. 
  
 Why is Verizon tightening the belt on wireline services? 
  
 Revenue for Verizon’s wireless business has grown healthily, whereas sales in its wireline business are shrinking slightly. For wireline services, Verizon focused on building out a strong customer base in the Northeast, but it sold its wireline assets in other states, including California, Florida and Texas. 
  
 In other words, Verizon has a small, concentrated wireline business compared with its nationwide wireless service, and it is putting more money into wireless resources. 
  
 How long could services be disrupted? 
  
 Indefinitely. Verizon’s unionized workers have not specified how long they might go on strike, so it could last hours, days, weeks or even months. 
  
 Will this affect my utility bill? 
  
 Mr. McConville said the strike would have no effect on consumers’ bills. |||||

Summary: