Article:

The exterior of Apple headquarters is seen before an event to announce new products at the company's headquarters Monday, March 21, 2016, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) (Associated Press) 
  
 The Latest from Apple's product announcement in California (all times local): 
  
 10:40 a.m. 
  
 Apple is cutting the price of its smartwatch and introducing an array of new bands in an attempt to spur more sales of a gadget that hasn't won a big following yet. 
  
 Prices for the Apple Watch will start at $299, down from $349. Apple is also releasing a new type of wristband made of woven nylon, along with more colors for existing types of bands. 
  
 The expanded variety is designed to appeal to the roughly one-third of Apple watch owners who like to switch bands. 
  
 The highly anticipated Apple Watch was released a year ago, but sales haven't met some of analysts' more bullish predictions. While Apple hasn't released figures, IDC's analysts estimate the tech giant shipped 11.6 million watches last year. 
  
 — Michael Liedtke, AP Technology Writer, San Francisco 
  
 ___ 
  
 10:20 a.m. 
  
 Apple CEO Tim Cook is reiterating his pledge to resist the U.S. government's demands for the company's help to unlock an encrypted iPhone used by one of the killers in the San Bernardino mass shootings. 
  
 Cook opened a product event in California on Monday by saying that Apple owes it to its customers to protect their privacy and the personal information they store on iPhones. He says he is "humbled and deeply gratified" by the outpouring of support he has received. 
  
 He has vowed to fight a federal magistrate's order requiring Apple to create special software that would override the iPhone's security features and allow the FBI to hack into the device used by the San Bernardino killer in a suspected case of terrorism. 
  
 Apple says that doing so could leave all iPhones vulnerable to future hacking attempts, although federal prosecutors contend they're only asking Apple to write code that would work with one phone to protect national security. 
  
 Federal magistrate Sheri Pym, who issued the order, will hear arguments from both sides in a Riverside, California, courtroom on Tuesday. 
  
 — Michael Liedtke, AP Technology Writer, San Francisco 
  
 ___ 
  
 9:30 a.m. 
  
 Apple product events typically spark anticipation among tech bloggers and the company's hard-core fans. Monday's event, though, is drawing less excitement than some previous product launches. 
  
 Apple is expected to announce a smaller, 4-inch iPhone and a smaller version of the iPad Pro tablet. 
  
 But there's been no hint of any blockbuster developments, such as last year's highly anticipated Apple Watch debut. Despite speculation that Apple is working on a self-driving car or some new virtual-reality device, those are likely years away. 
  
 The event starts at 10 a.m. PDT at Apple's Cupertino, California, headquarters. 
  
 Gartner tech analyst Brian Blau says it's not unusual for Apple to save major announcements until the fall. He says the company's spring events are often focused on products that Apple considers important, but which may not be its biggest sellers. 
  
 — Brandon Bailey, AP Technology Writer, Cupertino, California. ||||| It’s no secret that iPad sales have been trending downward for years now, but Apple today unveiled a new 9.7-inch version of the iPad Pro that it hopes will reverse that trend. 
  
 Positioned as the second member of Apple’s iPad Pro family, the new smaller screened tablet weighs just about one pound, slightly heavier than the iPad Air 2. But not to worry, the iPad Pro really packs a whole host of compelling improvements over the iPad Air 2. 
  
 FROM EARLIER: Apple unveils the iPhone SE, the latest 4-inch iPhone 
  
 On the display front, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro screen is 40% less reflective than the iPad Air 2 while also delivering 25% more brightness. Phil Schiller also touted a new technology Apple calls True Tone display which can adjust the color temperature of the display to match the light in the room. 
  
 “It’s really natural to use,” Schiller added. “Once you use this display, you’ll never want to go back. It is quite a breakthrough.” 
  
 Underneath the hood, the new iPad Pro comes with an A9x processor along with an integrated M9 motion coprocessor for ‘Hey Siri’ support. 
  
 The new iPad Pro also packs the most advanced camera system Apple has ever packed into a tablet. Specifically, the new iPad Pro comes with a 12 megapixel iSight camera with focus pixels, true tone flash, and support for Live Photos. 
  
 The 9.7-inch iPad Pro also comes with a more advanced speaker system, Smart Keyboard support, support for Apple’s widely revered Apple Pencil, and will be available in four finishes, including a Rose Gold model. 
  
 Price wise, a 32GB model will be available for $599, with 128GB and 256GB models available for $749 and $899 respectively. Notably, this marks the first time Apple has developed a 256GB tablet. 
  
 Pre-orders for the latest addition to the iPad Pro family will begin on March 24. It will be available in stores on March 31. 
  
 Developing… ||||| The 9.7-inch iPad, the Apple tablet snuggled between the smaller mini and the big boy Pro, hasn’t been updated since 2014 with the iPad Air 2. So as some kind of mea culpa, Apple just blew up the Air line altogether with a “new” and “improved” 9.7-inch iPad Pro. 
  
 Except it’s really not very new or improved. Prior to Phil Schiller’s breakdown at today’s Apple event, there wasn’t much left to the imagination thanks to months worth of leaks and rumors. When compared to the larger iPad Pro that debuted last year, the new iPad Pro is basically different only in size. 
  
 Schiller spent time highlighting some of the new Pro’s differences anyway. For one, it has what Apple calls a “True Tone” display that can become warmer and cooler in different kinds of light thanks to ambient sensors. Neat, I guess. But clearly geared toward artists. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Other than its smaller dimensions, there is one noticeable hardware improvement on the new iPad. It will have a better shooter: a 12-megapixel rear camera that can also capture in 4k along with Live Photos. So basically the camera on the iPhone 6s. It makes sense if you view the Pro as a creation machine, but most people will probably never even use it. 
  
 Just Schiller doing Schiller. 
  
 But the new iPad Pro has Apple’s same powerful processor, the A9x (and M9x co-processor), and the same four speaker design that last year’s model had. There’s Pencil support and Smart Keyboard support, too. It’s all just packed in a smaller body. That’s good news for some people who found the iPad Pro hand-achingly huge and wanted something a little more traditional. 
  
 Apple says the small iPad Pro comes with silver, gold, space gray, and yes, rose gold, too. The new Pro will launch starting at $600 for 32GB and $750 for 128GB and a whopping 256GB for $900 (if that’s something you need/want), making it the most expensive 9.7-inch iPad starting price. Additionally, the 12.9-inch Pro will get the 256GB option. Like the new iPhone SE, the new Pro will be available for pre-order on March 24 and will start shipping a week later. 
  
  
  
 Now only the big question remains. Will people finally ditch their old tablets to go Pro? 
  
  
  
 iPad Pro Specs ||||| The technology company introduced a smaller iPhone, a smaller iPad Pro and new bands for the Apple Watch. 
  
 The event came a day before the company will face off against the United States government over whether or not to unlock a killer’s iPhone. 
  
 New York Times writers Brian X. Chen, Farhad Manjoo and Vindu Goel provided reaction and analysis from the event. 
  
 We will also answer your questions about the company’s new product offerings. ||||| Apple CEO Tim Cook took the stage at Apple's Cupertino campus to introduce a smaller, four-inch version of the iPhone, called the iPhone SE. 
  
 The key marketing words for Apple products have usually been thinner, faster, bigger. IPhones have grown up over the past nine years, going from the original 3.5-inch display to the iPhone 6S Plus' 5.5-inch screen. Apple went in the opposite direction and announced a new iPhone that's actually smaller. 
  
 Cook also introduced a new iPad Pro, new Watch bands and some software updates. And he kicked off the event by previewing Apple's court battle with the FBI on Tuesday over iPhone encryption.. 
  
 The 4-inch iPhone SE 
  
 The big announcement of the day was the smaller iPhone SE -- a 4-inch iPhone with updated internals. 
  
 It looks like the iPhone 5S, Apple's last 4-inch phone released in 2014, but has the same processor and graphics performance as the iPhone 6S. Inside is Apple's A9 chip, which doubles the speed of the iPhone 5S. It can use Hey Siri, the hands-free voice assistant, has a 12MP camera, and shoots 4K video. There is an NFC chip inside so the phone can work with Apple Pay. 
  
 The smaller iPhone is an attempt to appeal to fans of more pocketable devices. Last year, Apple sold 30 million phones that were 4-inches and smaller. A chunk of Apple customers have resisted upgrading to the recent 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch smartphones. According to Mixpanel, a third of iPhone owners are still using a device with a 4-inch screen or smaller. 
  
 The 16 GB iPhone SE starts at $399 but will be free with a two-year contract or $17 a month on an installment plan. The company will start taking orders for the phone on March 24, and it will be available on March 31. 
  
 New 9.7-inch iPad Pro 
  
 Apple's other big hardware news is that it took the iPad Pro and make it smaller. Also called the iPad Pro, the new 9.7-inch version includes many of the same powerful features as the larger 12.9-inch Pro model. 
  
 Inside is the same A9x chip. The screen is less reflective but brighter and has more color saturation, for all those pros using it as a primary work device. It has a true tone display that measures the color temperature of ambient light with new light sensors and adjusts the screen accordingly. 
  
 The smaller iPad Pro works with the Apple Pencil stylus and new line of snap on keyboards the company introduced in with the original iPad Pro. People really like using the cameras on their tablets, for some reason, so the new iPad Pro has a 12-megapixel camera and a LED back-facing flash. 
  
 The tablet starts at $599 for the 32 GB Wi-Fi version and $749 for the 129 GB model. In a first, Apple is offering a new larger 256 GB option that starts at $899. It comes in silver, gold, space gray and rose gold. 
  
 Apple Watch gets cheaper, more colorful 
  
 Apple (AAPL) really wants people to try out the Apple Watch. Tim Cook announced a new line of straps for the wearable, including all new woven nylon bands, a space black Milanese Loop, and additional sport and leather bands in a variety of colors. 
  
 Pretty watch straps on their own might not be enough to lure in new customers, so Apple dropped the price of the watch. It now starts at $299. 
  
 Why go small? Apple says it sold 30 million four-inch iPhones in 2015, so there's clearly demand for a smaller, cheaper iPhone. 
  
 Software Updates 
  
 The latest version of Apple mobile operating system, iOS 9.3, is available starting today. Key new features including Night Shift, which adjusts the screen for late night reading for better sleep, and finger print lock for top secret documents in the Notes app. 
  
 There is a small update for the Apple TV OS that adds folders for apps and Siri voice dictation. 
  
 It also announced a new health-related jSDK called CareKit. It's built for personal care apps. For example, a hospital might make an app to help patients taking the proper steps after a major surgery. The first application is a partnership with major universities and medical centers for monitoring Parkinson's. 
  
 Encryption 
  
 Before the iPhone SE and Watch announcement, Cook opened with what he admitted is "on everybody's mind": encryption. 
  
 "We built the iPhone for you our customers and we know that it is a deeply personal device," said Cook. "For many of us the iPhone is an extension of ourselves." 
  
 "We need to decide as a nation how much power the government should have over our data and over our privacy," said Cook. "We will not shrink from this responsibility." 
  
 On Tuesday, Apple will face off against the FBI in a California court. 
  
 Related: Apple could reveal mini iPhone 5SE on March 21 
  
 Apple likes the environment 
  
 Apple brought out Lisa Jackson, its vice president of environment, to talk about a new, special Apple employee, Liam. 
  
 Liam is a custom robot that takes old iPhones apart to recycle them. While it disassembles them, it detects what components can be reused and recycled. It identifies materials in a device like gold, silver and tungsten. In the future, you might see a Liam robot doing its thing inside an Apple store. 
  
 Apple uses 100% renewable power in 25 countries including the US and China. In China, Apple even built a solar farm to accommodate adorable grazing yaks. ||||| What was revealed at today's Apple announcement at the company's headquarters in Cupertino, Calif: 
  
 • The iPhone SE, a return to the 4-inch model, but one that is as powerful as the iPhone 6S 
  
 • A new, 9.7-inch iPad Pro — a smaller version of the initial 12.9-inch iPad Pro 
  
 • The cheapest Apple Watch is now cheaper at $299 and there are new bands to go with it 
  
 • iOS9.3 is available as new update today 
  
 • Apple's high-profile fight with the FBI over the iPhone's encryption was addressed immediately and forcefully by CEO Tim Cook |||||
What is a summary?