Summarize this article:

In the high-priced Bay Area, even some households that bring in six figures a year can now be considered “low income.” 
  
 That’s according to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, which recently released its 2017 income limits — a threshold that determines who can qualify for affordable and subsidized housing programs such as Section 8 vouchers. 
  
 Related Articles Faced with sky-high prices, homebuyers look to leave Bay Area 
  
 Leaving California? After slowing, the trend intensifies 
  
 4 signs California’s job market is cooling 
  
 Just how unaffordable are Oakland and San Jose for teachers? A new report crunches the numbers 
  
 What it feels like to be priced out of my own Bay Area hometown San Francisco and San Mateo counties have the highest limits in the Bay Area — and among the highest such numbers in the country. A family of four with an income of $105,350 per year is considered “low income.” A $65,800 annual income is considered “very low” for a family the same size, and $39,500 is “extremely low.” The median income for those areas is $115,300. 
  
 Other Bay Area counties are not far behind. In Alameda and Contra Costa counties, $80,400 for a family of four is considered low income, while in Santa Clara County, $84,750 is the low-income threshold for a family of four. 
  
 The eye-popping numbers are harsh reality for Demetrio Gonzalez, a Richmond resident with multiple higher education degrees, including a master’s in education, who supports the work of approximately 1,700 educators in West Contra Costa Unified School District in his position as president of the United Teachers of Richmond. With an income of $48,000, it’s a challenge for him to live in the Bay Area. By the time he pays rent for a home he shares with four roommates, including teachers, along with student loans, food, travel, phone and car payments, he has about $300 left each month. 
  
 “With this income, I don’t think it is possible to create a future in the place I love and the place I work,” he said. “When I decide to buy a home — if possible — I’ll have to look elsewhere.” 
  
 The new federal income limits are higher than last year and previous years, a reflection of the rising incomes and cost of living in the Bay Area. The increases will allow people at the upper tiers of the “low-income” limits access to some affordable housing programs from which they were previously disqualified. 
  
 “We’ve significantly increased income limits at every income level — that means more housing opportunity (because it) broadens the pool of individuals and families (who are considered low income),” said Ed Cabrera, a regional public affairs officer for HUD. “I think it’s fair to say that these income limits are one way to gauge livability and affordability.” 
  
 Jeff Levin, policy director for East Bay Housing Organizations, said the market has shifted “dramatically” over the past two decades, forcing renters to spend significantly more on average than they have in previous years. 
  
 In Oakland, the median income for renter households is around $40,000, which means that more than half of all renter families qualify as very low income, Levin said. Most of those families are paying more than half their income for housing costs. 
  
 Moriah Larkins is one of them. Larkins makes $15.50 an hour working at Home Depot and spends at least 40 percent of that on her HUD-subsidized apartment in West Oakland, she said. Sometimes, it’s even more than that. 
  
 “It’s not even enough living in subsidized rent,” Larkins said of living in the costly Bay Area. 
  
 Michael Santero, director of asset management for San Jose-based First Community Housing, said it’s easy to see the increased need for affordable housing right now, as more people flock to affordable housing programs offered by First Community Housing and others in the face of rapidly rising housing costs. While the new HUD income limits broaden the group of people eligible for such programs, it doesn’t help alleviate the demand for such housing. It’s up to developers and cities to provide more supply. 
  
 “There is a huge demand for anything that’s remotely affordable. … People aren’t moving out at all,” Santero said. “Even in an affordable unit, I’d have people moving out often in summer in a normal market, but now we get hardly any notices.” 
  
 Roxanne Calimeris, 27, a social worker who lives in Oakland, said she was shocked at the level of competition for getting an apartment in that city. An employee of Alameda County, Calimeris makes about $82,000 per year, putting her well above the “low income” limit of $56,300 for a single person in the East Bay, but even on that salary, living in the region isn’t easy. Rent costs her about $1,200 per month, for an apartment she shares with her sister (“I knew I couldn’t get my own place,” Calimeris said), and an extra $600 in student loans and $250 for a car payment eat into the rest of her paycheck. 
  
 Some Bay Area cities have seen average rents soften a bit, but they’re still higher than much of the country. According to ApartmentList.com, the median monthly cost of a two-bedroom apartment was $2,550 in San Jose by the end of last year. In Oakland, it was around $2,500, and in San Francisco, it was a cool $4,550. Even places in the East Bay suburbs, where many have flocked to find rent relief, were expensive. Pleasanton’s median for a two-bedroom was $2,770, and in Concord, it was $1,900 per month. 
  
 Not surprisingly, the Bay Area HUD income limits are higher than other metropolitan areas in the country. In the Seattle area, $72,000 per year is considered “low income” for a family of four, while in Boston, the limit is $78,150. In Los Angeles County, $72,100 is “low.” 
  
 Jennifer Lin, deputy director of the East Bay Alliance for a Sustainable Economy, said that while more people are falling into the “low-income” bracket, it’s important to remember how many people are still struggling to make it work at the lowest income levels. 
  
 “For every household who makes $80,000, there are many who make much less,” Lin said, pointing to minimum-wage earners in Oakland, for example, whose $12.86-per-hour wage adds up to under $27,000 a year. Even when the minimum wage across the state hits $15 per hour by 2022, workers will make just $31,200 annually (working 40 hours per week every week of the year). 
  
 A member of the Alliance of Californians for Community Empowerment, Larkins, the Home Depot employee, has been active in campaigns to improve wages for herself and others in low-wage industries like retail. While such efforts have been successful in lifting minimum wages across the state, it can still be a struggle for those workers to survive in the Bay Area. 
  
 “Minimum wage is going up, but it would be different if the cost of living was the same as when I was a teenager,” Larkins said. “Minimum wage goes up, and the cost of living goes up.” ||||| Betty Rose Allen says eviction battle took a toll on her mother Beatriz’s health in yet another case that highlights the deleterious effects of the tech industry on the city’s affordable housing 
  
 When doctors said Beatriz Allen might only have a few weeks left to live, death was not the biggest threat looming over her family. Her landlords had set a deadline of 9 May for her eviction – right around the time that doctors predicted she might die. 
  
 The eviction battle gave the 81-year-old San Francisco woman nightmares, and took a toll on her waning health, according to her family. And on 30 April, Allen went to sleep and never woke up. 
  
 “It was scary for her,” said Betty Rose Allen, Beatriz’s daughter, seated inside the apartment where she has lived with her mother since 1978. “Living with mama, and watching them push and push, and allowing that fear to keep increasing … it felt like they were killing her.” 
  
 The eviction of the Allens by a Silicon Valley CEO and his family is the latest case of displacement and death in the California city, where a booming tech economy has contributed to rising income inequality and one of the country’s worst housing crises. 
  
 'This is killing me': 100-year-old woman fights eviction in San Francisco Read more 
  
 Tariq Hilaly, the CEO of a healthcare tech startup called Lumity, bought the property along with his wife and parents in 2014. The landlords’ attorney told the Guardian that the owners had made every effort to resolve the dispute without litigation, and had worked to assist the family with relocation. He further asserted that the owners had been patient and accommodating, even though Tariq’s parents, who are in their 70s, have a right to occupy the property and are eager to move into the Allens’ apartment to be close to family. 
  
 But Betty Rose and her supporters said it was unethical for the landlords to evict Beatriz in her final year of life, and that the recent evictions of seniors in rent-controlled homes were a form of abuse that could increase as housing prices continued to soar in San Francisco and the surrounding region. 
  
 In March, a 100-year-old tenant, Iris Canada, died in San Francisco after losing her protracted eviction battle with owners, and nearby Carl Jensen, 93, also died amid a fight over the fate of his property. 
  
 “Mom is No 3. She is the third person to be killed and die for this,” said Betty Rose, 58, who is still fighting to stay in her home, which is located on the same block where she grew up in the city’s Noe Valley neighborhood. 
  
 Wealth has become so immense in San Francisco that the federal government recently stated that a household making $105,350 per year could be considered “low-income”. By many measures, the city has the priciest real estate in the US. 
  
 Beatriz grew up in El Salvador, and her family was twice exiled before she eventually relocated to the US, her daughter said. The two worked for the San Francisco school district until Beatriz suffered multiple strokes starting in 2002. For 15 years, Betty Rose cared for her mother, who was severely anemic and had from vascular dementia and chronic kidney disease. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Beatriz Allen, who had lived in her apartment since 1978. Photograph: Courtesy of family 
  
 Their new landlords – who also purchased the property next door and moved in – first filed an eviction notice in March 2016, saying that the owners’ family intended to occupy the Allens’ unit, records show. They were given 60 days to leave. 
  
 After the tenants’ attorneys fought back, the landlords eventually said Beatriz and her daughter could stay for one year, which in some cases is required by law for seniors and tenants with disabilities. 
  
 The eviction falls under the Ellis Act, a controversial state law that allows certain property owners to remove longtime tenants from units with rent control. In such a hot real estate market with a major housing shortage, there are clear financial incentives to evict elderly tenants who have maintained low rental rates for decades. 
  
 As the 2017 eviction deadline approached and Beatriz’s health worsened, the family wanted assurances that the mother would not be forced out in the final days of her life. 
  
 On 28 April, Mark Chernev, an attorney for the Hilalys, told Beatriz’s lawyers that the owners would agree to let the 81-year-old woman remain in her home until her death – but only if Betty Rose agreed that she would voluntarily move out after her mother died. 
  
 “The owners remain hopeful your clients would reconsider avoiding litigation entirely by simply agreeing that Betty Rose will voluntarily surrender possession,” wrote Chernev, who also represented the landlords who evicted Iris Canada, the 100-year-old woman. 
  
 Betty Rose said it was hard to focus on the eviction and the lawyers when she knew she was spending her final weeks with her mother. But she was also not ready to give up her apartment of nearly 40 years. 
  
 “She wanted to fight for her home,” said her attorney Raquel Fox, who argued that the landlords should have halted the eviction efforts once doctors said Beatriz only had a few months or weeks to live. “Her health was just deteriorating.” 
  
 Two days after Chernev’s letter, Beatriz died. 
  
 On a recent afternoon, Betty Rose broke down crying recounting how her mother kept asking if they could invite the landlords over for dinner and try to convince them to let her stay: “What was breaking her heart was that she just didn’t understand why our landlord had lawyers against her. We were really good tenants.” 
  
 Chernev told the Guardian that the owners had offered a $100,000 relocation payment and had been willing to give Betty Rose a “generous grieving period” to stay after her mother’s death if she had agreed to move. The tenants’ lawyer, however, said they were not offered the settlement payment. 
  
 Chernev criticized the tenants’ attorney for continuing to fight the case, saying it was a losing battle: “The owners are going to get possession.” He also emphasized that Tariq’s parents, who are currently living out of state, are elderly: “They just want to live with their family, which they’ve been wanting to do for a year and a half now.” 
  
 Tariq Hilaly and his parents did not respond to a request for comment. 
  
 Leslie Dreyer, an anti-eviction organizer with the Housing Rights Committee, noted that low-income tenants and seniors often have nowhere else to go after being evicted from a longtime home in San Francisco. 
  
 “How many more elders do we have to lose before our representatives actually take initiative to protect the tenants that are most in need?” Dreyer said. 
  
 Asked what her backup plan would be if she had to leave her home, Betty Rose paused and sighed. “I don’t have one.” |||||

Summary: