News article:

Rep. Luis Gutierrez speaks before a meeting with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials in Chicago on Monday. Gutierrez refused to leave the meeting, saying he planned to risk arrest by staying at the agency’s office until he received the answers he sought. 
  
 Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez was briefly handcuffed after refusing to leave a meeting with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials in Chicago, saying he planned to risk arrest by staying at the agency’s office in The Loop until demands are met. 
  
 The Democratic congressman led a sit-in following a meeting that began around 10 a.m. Monday with a delegation of activists that included about 22 advocates, attorneys, community leaders and other local elected officials, according to Gutierrez's spokesman Douglas Rivlin. 
  
 “They were asking about specific cases and about the general conduct of ICE and deportations,” Rivlin said at a news conference Monday afternoon. “The congressman has decided that he did not get the answers he was looking for from the ICE regional director and he’s going to be staying inside until he gets answers, even if that means risking arrest.” 
  
 Seven others from the meeting refused to leave alongside Gutierrez, who tweeted that he “was arrested, cuffed then cuffs were cut off” around 1:30 p.m. “Waiting for further word on if/when we will be arrested.” 
  
 Specific immigration cases discussed in the meeting included the pending deportations of Army veteran Miguel Perez Jr., according to Rivlin, as well as Francisca Lino, whose husband and four of her six children are U.S. citizens. 
  
 "The congressman first met with the same ICE regional director in 2008 about this case, about getting a deferral from deportation," Rivlin said. "Ms. Lino came in regularly for meetings with ICE every year as a condition for her deferred deportation, and a couple of weeks ago she was told that she would need to get her bags together and has a specific date for when she is going to be deported in July. The congressman is asking that that deportation be canceled." Seattle 'Dreamer' Arrested Despite DACA Status 
  
 Daniel Ramirez Medina, 23, was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation under former President Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program was arrested in Seattle by ICE agents on Feb. 10, 2017. (Published Thursday, Feb. 16, 2017) 
  
 "The congressman said this is reprehensible that immigrants are being treated this way, that the rules are changed without any information or notice, that low priorities for deportation are being removed from the country and the congressman wants to get answers from the staff here, and he has not been getting any answers," Rivlin continued. "They need to call Washington, they need to call the White House." 
  
 "This is the same situation that we had when there were people arriving at the airports and they couldn’t get information out of CIS and ICE officials about how they were being treated," Rivlin said, referring to the rollout of President Trump's Jan. 27 executive order halting refugee resettlement and suspending entry of immigrants from seven Muslim-majority nations for 90 days. 
  
 That order, which was put on hold by a federal judge, caused immediate chaos and protests at airports in Chicago and around the country as travelers were detained. Supporters Cheer for Rep. Gutierrez After ICE Meeting 
  
 Supporters cheer for Rep. Luis Gutierrez as he refuses to leave a meeting with ICE officials in Chicago. (Published Monday, March 13, 2017) 
  
 "We even had one ICE officer say, 'Well, you should just call the White House to get information,'" Rivlin said of immigration authorities' response to Gutierrez's questions on Trump's controversial order. "Well, maybe they need to call the White House." 
  
 Trump signed a new version of the travel ban on March 6 that leaves Iraq off the list of impacted countries and does not apply to those with valid visas or green card holders. That order is scheduled to take effect on March 16, though it already faces legal challenges from states including Hawaii, Washington, New York and more. 
  
 "They need to get some answers for the congressman and the congressman is prepared to get arrested if that’s what it takes," Rivlin continued. People Skip Work, Class On 'Day Without Immigrants' 
  
 Gutierrez was among a group of Hispanic congressmen barred from a meeting with a top federal immigration enforcement official in February. 
  
 According to Gutierrez, members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus were scheduled to speak with the acting director of ICE on Feb. 14 in a meeting the congressman said was abruptly canceled and rescheduled for two days later. 
  
 At that point, Gutierrez said it was transformed into an invitation-only affair, and he was asked to leave by an aide to House Speaker Paul Ryan. 
  
 "In 20-plus years, I have never heard of the Republicans controlling what meetings Democrats can have with officials of the Executive Branch and never had a staffer ask me to leave a meeting to which I am entitled to attend," Gutierrez said in a statement following the incident. Trump Will Be Respectful to DACA 'Dreamers': Spokesman 
  
 White House spokesperson Sean Spicer described President Donald Trump as having a huge heart when it comes to the children in the U.S. DACA program. (Published Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017) 
  
 A spokeswoman for Ryan told Politico that the speaker’s office organized the event at the request of the Department of Homeland Security, limiting attendance to "members with jurisdictional interests in immigration enforcement." 
  
 "There has been no dialogue, no transparency, no consultation, and no accountability – just like every other aspect of how this White House does business," Gutierrez said in a statement about Monday's incident. "It is heavy-handed government in secret all to make the new strongman President look tough and to satisfy the cravings of his coliseum audience for some immigrants to sacrifice." 
  
 "Chicago officials with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Enforcement and Removal Operations agreed to an informational meeting on March 13 with Congressman Luis Gutierrez and various community groups. During this meeting, ERO Chicago officials responded to the Congressman’s requests for information. However, when the Congressman sought actions and assurances that ICE officials couldn’t provide, he and other meeting attendees staged a sit-in and refused to leave the ERO office at the conclusion of the meeting," ICE Public Affairs Officer Gail Montenegro said in a statement. 
  
 "Federal Protective Service officers were called by ERO to the scene because the individuals would not leave the ERO office. FPS provided three separate verbal warnings and after each warning FPS provided the individuals several minutes to comply. When the group refused to leave, they were briefly placed in flexible plastic restraints before ICE officials relayed that they no longer wanted the individuals removed from the building. The Congressman and other individuals were placed in the restraints for approximately two minutes before the flex cuffs were removed by FPS. FPS did not cite these individuals." ||||| Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., speaks to the press after leaving the office of Immigration Services where he was briefly handcuffed and detained after refusing to leave a meeting with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials on March 13, 2017 in Chicago, Illinois. Gutierrez and several others activists were at the ICE office advocating on behalf of specific individuals facing deportation and about the general policies of ICE under the administration of President Donald Trump. (Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images) 
  
 CHICAGO — U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez and several immigrant advocates were briefly placed in restraints by federal officers after they staged a sit-in at the regional office of the Immigration Customs and Enforcement agency on Monday to protest the Trump administration’s increased targeting of undocumented immigrants for deportation. 
  
 Gutierrez, D-Ill., and activists began their sit-in at the Chicago office after a contentious meeting with ICE officials. The lawmaker said that he stood ready to be arrested when he started the protest late Monday morning, but ended the sit-in more than four hours later without incident. 
  
 Federal Protective Service officers gave the congressman and seven immigration advocates taking part-in the sit-in three warnings to leave the facility or face arrest, according to Gail Montenegro, an ICE spokeswoman. At one point, Gutierrez posted on social media that he was even placed in handcuffs but agents changed their mind and allowed the sit-in to continue. 
  
 Montenegro said federal agents removed the flex cuffs within approximately two minutes, after ICE officials relayed to the FPS officers that they no longer wanted the congressman and others removed from the building. 
  
 "They threatened us with arrest. We said 'We're ready to go to jail,'" Gutierrez told reporters after ending the protest. "We stood up to the bullies here...Unfortunately, tonight and tomorrow they will continue to prey on very vulnerable, defenseless people in their homes in the darkness of the night." 
  
 The congressman said he decided to start the sit-in after he felt he received unsatisfactory or incomplete answers from ICE officials about whether they would carry out enforcement raids in churches and other sensitive locations. 
  
 Gutierrez also said he did not receive clear answers on whether the agency would target young undocumented immigrants living in the US under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy started under the Obama administration. The agency said in a statement that the sit-in began after the "Congressman sought actions and assurances that ICE officials couldn't provide." 
  
 Last week, ICE wrote on its Twitter that “DACA is not a protected legal status, but active DACA recipients are typically a lower level of enforcement priority.” The program provided hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants—commonly referred to as DREAMers— brought to the U.S. as children certain protections. ICE’s messages on social media have left many immigration advocates concerned that DREAMers could also be targeted. 
  
 DACA is not a protected legal status, but active DACA recipients are typically a lower level of enforcement priority — ICE (@ICEgov) March 9, 2017 
  
 "ICE knows deportation policies are egregious, unfair. They have not arrested us because they know policies are morally bankrupt," Gutierrez added. 
  
 ICE knows deportation policies are egregious, unfair. They have not arrested us because they know policies are morally bankrupt. #chiresist — Luis V. Gutierrez (@RepGutierrez) March 13, 2017 
  
 I was arrested, cuffed then cuffs were cut off. Waiting for further word on if/when we will be arrested. #chiresistpic.twitter.com/vKJRnz6Ebj — Luis V. Gutierrez (@RepGutierrez) March 13, 2017 
  
 The protest comes after the Department of Homeland Security issued a sweeping set of orders last month to increase immigration enforcement, placing the vast majority of the nation's 11 million undocumented immigrants at risk of deportation. 
  
 Read more: 
  
 The new policy calls for immigration enforcement — including Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and ICE — to identify, capture and quickly deport every undocumented immigrant they encounter. 
  
 The Trump administration’s guidance also calls for undocumented immigrants caught entering the country to be placed in detention until their cases are resolved and increases the ability of local police to help in immigration enforcement.The new guidance make undocumented immigrants who have been convicted of a crime the highest priority for enforcement operations. They also make clear that ICE agents should also arrest and initiate deportation proceedings against any other undocumented immigrant they encounter. 
  
 Gutierrez said he also questioned ICE officials about the scheduled deportations of several immigrants living in the Chicago area. 
  
 One, Miguel Perez, is a Mexican-born legal permanent resident and Army veteran and is facing deportation after a felony drug conviction. Perez served two tours in Afghanistan. 
  
 Last month, Gutierrez and several other members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus were barred by staffers from House Speaker Paul Ryan's office from attending a meeting in Washington with acting ICE director Thomas Homan. 
  
 Several Democratic lawmakers, including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., were invited to the meeting and attended. 
  
 Follow USA TODAY Chicago correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: @AamerISmad 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2mDc37r ||||| (CNN) Rep. Luis Gutierrez spent part of Monday morning in handcuffs. By the evening, the Democrat from Illinois was free to explain just what had happened. 
  
 I was arrested, cuffed then cuffs were cut off. Waiting for further word on if/when we will be arrested. #chiresist pic.twitter.com/vKJRnz6Ebj — Luis V. Gutierrez (@RepGutierrez) March 13, 2017 
  
 "Look, there's a lie, and the lie keeps repeating," Gutierrez told CNN's Erin Burnett. [The lie is that] "they're going after criminals, they're going after the bad people in the immigrant community." 
  
 "They" are officials of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, tasked with making arrests and threatening deportations in the wake of President Donald Trump's newly designed immigration enforcement policies. 
  
 To Gutierrez, though, ICE has its eyes set on the wrong targets. 
  
 "The fact is, they're going after DREAMers," he said. 
  
 Read More |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?