News article:

Jihadists are defecting from Isil after their “Islamist utopia” of luxury cars and “heroism” never materialised. 
  
 Others have fled the terror group because of fears they were to be used as “cannon fodder” or suicide bombers. 
  
 Having to carry out “dull duties” and a lack of frontline action and was also blamed by some for them leaving, a report has found. 
  
 At least 58 people have left the group since January last year but the true figure is likely to be far higher, the research by International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence (ICSR) concluded. 
  
 They wanted to first experience fighting and enjoy the spoils of war before their final mission 
  
 That figure is likely to be just a fraction of “those disillusioned, ready to defect, and or willing to go public", it found. 
  
 Some of those who left were disappointed by the "quality of life" and were “typically among the ones who had joined the group for material and ‘selfish’ reasons, and quickly realized that none of the luxury goods and cars that they had been promised would materialize”. 
  
 Power shortages and a lack of basic goods was also blamed while two said they left after hearing they were to be used as suicide bombers. 
  
 “They wanted to first experience fighting and get an opportunity to enjoy the spoils of war before going on their final mission,” the report said. 
  
 • French jihadists write home: 'My iPod's broken. I want to come back' 
  
 • British jihadists now want to return home, say researchers 
  
 For others their experience of combat “failed to meet their expectations of action and heroism”. 
  
 IS is not the jihadist utopia that the group's videos promise 
  
 The level of brutality against fellow Muslims and in-fighting were also raised as reasons for leaving. 
  
 The report said the defections had been "sufficiently frequent to shatter IS's image as a united, cohesive and ideologically committed organisation". 
  
 It added: "They demonstrate that IS is not the jihadist utopia that the group's videos promise; and that many of its own fighters have deep concerns about the group's strategy and tactics." 
  
 It suggested the pace of public defections was increasing with six in ten cases reported this year and a third in the three months to August. 
  
 One of the defectors is British widow Shukee Begum who was left stranded in Turkey with her five young children after fleeing Isil when her husband was killed fighting. 
  
 But defecting from the group was “complex and dangerous", with those who succeed in fleeing the group's territory fearing reprisals or prosecution once they return to their home country, the study said. 
  
 • Isil jihadist complains of rude Arabs who steal shoes and can't queue 
  
 • Syrian rebel bodyguard who defected to Isil reveals terror secrets 
  
 It called on governments to do more to remove obstacles that prevent defectors from speaking up, saying their testimony could be help prevent potential new recruits from being radicalised. 
  
 The report stressed it "does not attempt to excuse, justify or glorify people's decision to join IS", adding that some are "likely to have committed crimes". 
  
 However, it said: "They joined the most violent and totalitarian organisation of our age, yet they have also become its victims, and their stories can be used as potentially powerful tools in the fight against it." ||||| Thinktank says states should encourage fighters to leave Isis by helping them to resettle, ensuring their safety and allowing them to speak out publicly 
  
 Western governments have been urged by a terrorism thinktank to encourage fighters to defect from Islamic State with measures including offering them protection against reprisals. 
  
 In a report published on Monday, the British-based International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence (ICSR) said that global lawmakers need to remove legal “disincentives” to those wishing to speak publicly about their newfound hostility to Isis, whose reach spreads across Syria, Iraq and parts of other countries around the world. 
  
 Controversially, the King’s College London thinktank, which has been at the forefront of tracking the movement of jihadis from the UK and other countries to the Syrian civil war, also recommends that western governments encourage defectors to leave Isis-held territory and then protect them against reprisals. 
  
 Entitled Victims, Perpetrators, Assets: the Narrative of Islamic State Defectors, the report says governments should “provide defectors with opportunities to speak out; assist them in resettlement and ensure their safety; and remove legal disincentives that prevent them from going public”. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Belgian father who went to Syria to help his Isis defector son return home – video 
  
 Peter Neumann, ICSR director and the report’s author, said new legal frameworks had to be devised to support and encourage such defections. 
  
 “It seems to me to be wrong that if someone is helping to deter people to join Isis by casting a negative light on the group, that he is then being punished for it,” Neumann said. “Right now, if you speak out, the prosecutor will say, ‘oh that’s very interesting, so he’s admitting membership of Isis, so we can prosecute him for that.’ So that needs to stop. 
  
 “We’re not asking for the creation of legal incentives, saying ‘if you tell a nice story you get an amnesty,’ but people right now are being actively punished for speaking out and I think that needs to change. 
  
 “Lawyers need to figure out a solution for that so people are no longer disincentivised for that.” 
  
 Commenting on the report, the UK’s independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, David Anderson, said the Crown Prosecution Service already had the flexibility to deal with such issues. 
  
 “Joining Isis or encouraging support for them is a serious terrorist offence, and should remain so. The fact that someone has defected, or provided useful intelligence, may already be taken into account in deciding whether it is in the public interest to prosecute an individual, or in passing sentence.” 
  
 The ICSR lists 58 recorded incidents of public defections from Isis between January 2014 and August this year. While more than a third (21) of those have been Syrians and nearly a quarter from other parts of the Middle East, the ICSR says nine individuals from western Europe and Australia have given interviews to the media about their reasons for quitting the extremist group. 
  
  
  
 Given the risks of prosecution, alienation and reprisal attacks from Isis, Neumann said that, although the motives for why people have come forward are undoubtedly varied, the narratives for leaving Isis are “pretty consistent” with four themes. 
  
 Neumann said the main one centres around how “brutal Isis is towards the very people they are pretending to protect” – Sunni Muslims in the region. 
  
 Other reasons for quitting, the report says, include that Isis is more interested in fighting fellow Sunni Muslim radicals, tribes and civil organisations than Syria’s Assad government, that it is “corrupt and un-Islamic” and that life under Isis “is harsh and disappointing”. 
  
 The centre says the 58 defectors are likely to represent a much larger group who have yet to come out publicly. In August last year, one Briton who was too frightened to return to the UK, and whom ICSR did not record as a public defector, told researcher Shiraz Maher: “Muslims are fighting Muslims … Assad’s forgotten about. The whole jihad was turned upside down.” 
  
 The report says that the defections, although limited in overall numbers, “have been sufficiently frequent to shatter Isis’s image as a united, cohesive and ideologically committed organisation”. It adds that the pace of public defections has increased in recent months: almost 60% of the cases were reported in the first eight months of 2015, 17 of which appeared this summer. 
  
 Neumann said the study should have implications for western counter-extremism policy. “None of the defectors talk about Christians or Yazidis being executed, they don’t care about that. The brutality they are outraged about is brutality against Sunnis.” 
  
 He said that though it might not be the most encouraging finding, policymakers had to accept that hardened radicals weren’t going to convert to liberal humanitarianism. 
  
 “If you want to stop people from joining Isis, there’s no point in showing pictures of ethnic and religious minorities being persecuted. Maybe you have to start talking about how Isis is actually bad to Sunnis. Maybe that will have more of an effect.” 
  
  ||||| ICSR Report – Victims, Perpetrators, Assets: The Narratives of Islamic State Defectors 
  
 18/09/2015 
  
 Victims, Perpetrators, Assets: The Narratives of Islamic State Defectors 
  
 The full report can be downloaded HERE. 
  
 Much has been written about the young men and women who join the Islamic State. We are familiar with their biographies and pathways, backgrounds and motivations. 
  
 But virtually nothing is known about those who quit: the ‘defectors’ who didn’t like what they saw, abandoned their comrades, and fled the Islamic State. Yet their stories could be key to stopping the flow of foreign fighters, countering the group’s propaganda, and exposing its lies and hypocrisy. 
  
 For a short paper, ICSR collected all published stories about people who have left the Islamic State and spoken about their defection. We discovered a total of 58 – a sizable number but probably only a fraction of those who are disillusioned or ready to leave. 
  
 The Defectors 
  
 They are a new and growing phenomenon. Of the 58 cases, nearly two thirds of the defections took place in the year 2015. One third happened during the summer months alone. 
  
 The defectors’ experiences are diverse. Not everyone has become a fervent supporter of liberal democracy. Some may, in fact, have committed crimes. They were all, at some point, enthusiastic supporters of the most violent and viciously totalitarian organization of our age. Yet they are now its worst enemies. 
  
 The quality of their testimony varies, and the precise circumstances and reasons for leaving IS aren’t always clear. What convinced me that, as a whole, their stories are credible is how consistent their messages were. 
  
 The Narratives 
  
 Among the 58 defectors, we found four narratives that were particularly strong: 
  
 1) One of the most persistent criticisms was the extent to which the group is fighting against other Sunni rebels. According to the defectors, toppling the Assad regime didn’t seem to be a priority, and little was done to help the (Sunni) Muslims who were targeted by it. 
  
 Most of the group’s attention, they said, was consumed by quarrels with other rebels and the leadership’s obsession with ‘spies’ and ‘traitors’. This was not the kind of jihad they had come to Syria and Iraq to fight. 
  
 2) Another narrative dealt with the group’s brutality. Many complained about atrocities and the killing of innocent civilians. They talked about the random killing of hostages, the systematic mistreatment of villagers, and the execution of fighters by their own commanders. 
  
 None of the episodes they mentioned involved minorities, however. Brutality didn’t seem to be a universal concern: it was seen through a sectarian lens, and caused outrage mostly when its victims were other Sunnis. 
  
 3) The third narrative was corruption. Though none believed that corruption was systemic, many disapproved of the conduct of individual commanders and ‘emirs’. Syrian defectors criticized the privileges that were given to foreigners, for which they claimed was no justification based on the group’s philosophy or Islam in general. 
  
 While many were willing to tolerate the hardships of war, they found it impossible to accept instances of unfairness, inequality, and racism. “This is not a holy war”, said a defector from India, whom the group had forced to clean toilets because of his color of skin. 
  
 4) A fourth narrative was that life under the Islamic State was harsh and disappointing. The defectors who expressed this view were typically the ones who had joined the group for ‘selfish’ reasons – and who quickly realized that none of the luxury goods and cars that they had been promised would materialize. 
  
 For others, their experience in combat didn’t live up to their expectations of action and heroism. One of them referred to his duties as ‘dull’ and complained about the lack of deployments, while another claimed that foreign fighters were ‘exploited’ and used as cannon fodder. 
  
 Why This Matters 
  
 These stories matter. The defectors’ very existence shatters the image of unity and determination that the group seeks to convey. Their narratives highlight the group’s contradictions and hypocrisies. Their example may encourage others to follow, and their credibility can help deter wannabes from joining. 
  
 In my view, governments and civil society should recognize the defectors’ value and make it easier for them to speak out. Where possible, governments should assist them in resettlement and ensure their safety. They also need to remove legal disincentives that prevent them from going public. 
  
 Not every defector is a saint, and not all of them are ready or willing to stand in the public spotlight. But their voices are strong and clear: ‘The Islamic State is not protecting Muslims. It is killing them’. They need to be heard. 
  
 The full report can be downloaded HERE 
  
 This is an abridged version of a story at CNN.com. Watch ICSR Peter Neumann talk about the report tonight on CNN International’s Christiane Amanpour. 
  
 @ICSR_Centre 
  
 @PeterRNeumann 
  
 @ShirazMaher |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?