Please answer the following question: Information:  - Time Inc. is an American mass media company founded on November 28, 1922 by Henry Luce and Briton Hadden and based in New York City. It owns and publishes over 100 magazine brands, most notably its flagship "Time". Other magazines include "Sports Illustrated", "Travel + Leisure", "Food & Wine", "Fortune", "People", "InStyle", "Life", "Golf Magazine", "Southern Living", "Essence", "Real Simple", and "Entertainment Weekly". It also owns the UK magazine house Time Inc. UK, whose major titles include "What's on TV", "NME", "Country Life", "Wallpaper" and "InStyle". Time Inc. also operates over 60 websites and digital-only titles including "MyRecipes", "TheSnug", HelloGiggles and "MIMI".  - DC Comics, Inc. is an American comic book publisher. It is the publishing unit of DC Entertainment, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc. , a division of Time Warner. DC Comics is one of the largest, oldest, and most successful companies operating in American comic books, and produces material featuring numerous well-known heroic characters, including Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Supergirl, The Flash, Aquaman, Cyborg, Shazam, Martian Manhunter, Zatanna, Static Shock, Hawkman, Hawkgirl and Green Arrow. The fictional DC universe also features teams such as the Justice League, the Justice Society of America, the Suicide Squad, and the Teen Titans, and well-known villains such as Joker, Lex Luthor, Darkseid, Catwoman, Ra's al Ghul, Deathstroke, Professor Zoom, Sinestro, Black Adam and Brainiac. The company has also published non-DC Universe-related material, including "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" and many titles under their alternative imprint Vertigo.  - Amazon Video is an Internet video on demand service that is developed, owned and operated by Amazon.com. It offers television shows and films for rental or purchase and as part of Amazon's Prime subscription, selected titles can be viewed exclusively to full Prime or Prime Video members, in which video membership allows viewing without full Prime. Like competitors, Amazon has pursued a number of exclusive content deals to differentiate its service, including a multi-year licensing deal with HBO in the United States.  - Comcast Corporation (formerly registered as Comcast Holdings) is an American global telecommunications conglomerate that is the largest broadcasting and cable television company in the world by revenue. It is the second-largest pay-TV company after the AT&T-DirecTV acquisition, largest cable TV company and largest home Internet service provider in the United States, and the nation's third-largest home telephone service provider. Comcast services U.S. residential and commercial customers in 40 states and in the District of Columbia. The company's headquarters are located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. As the owner of the international media company NBCUniversal since 2011, Comcast is a producer of feature films and television programs intended for theatrical exhibition and over-the-air and cable television broadcast.  - Time Warner, Inc. (also known as AOL Time Warner from 2001-2003; stylized as TimeWarner) is an American multinational media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It is currently the world's third largest entertainment company in terms of revenue, after Comcast and The Walt Disney Company. It was also once the world's largest media conglomerate. Time Warner was first founded in 1990 with the merger of Time Inc. and Warner Communications. The current company consists largely of the assets of the former Warner Communications (as well as HBO, a Time Inc. subsidiary prior to the merger), and the assets of Turner Broadcasting (which was acquired by the company in 1996). Time Warner currently has major operations in film and television, with a limited amount in publishing operations. Among its most popular assets are HBO, Turner Broadcasting System, The CW Television Network, Warner Bros., CNN, DC Comics, and as of August 2016, Hulu, owning 10%. In the past, other major divisions of Time Warner included Time Inc., AOL, Time Warner Cable, Warner Books and Warner Music Group. All of these operations were either sold to other investors or spun off as independent companies from 2004 to 2014.  - Warner Home Video is the home video distribution division of Warner Bros. , itself part of Time Warner . It was founded in 1978 as WCI Home Video ( for Warner Communications , Inc. ) . The company launched in the United States with twenty films on Betamax and VHS videocassettes in late 1979 . The company later expanded its line to include additional titles throughout 1979 and 1980 .  - Digital distribution (also called content delivery, online distribution, or electronic software distribution (ESD), among others) is the delivery or distribution of media content such as audio, video, software and video games. The term is generally used to describe distribution over an online delivery medium, such as the Internet, thus bypassing physical distribution methods, such as paper, compact discs, and VHS videocassettes. The term online distribution is typically applied to freestanding products; downloadable add-ons for other products are more commonly known as downloadable content. With the advancement of network bandwidth capabilities, online distribution became prominent in the 21st century.  - Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. (known professionally as Turner Broadcasting System and also known simply as Turner) is an American media conglomerate that is a division of Time Warner and manages the collection of cable television networks and properties initiated or acquired by Ted Turner. The company was founded in 1970, and merged with Time Warner on October 10, 1996. It now operates as a semi-autonomous unit of Time Warner. The company's assets include CNN, HLN, TBS, TNT, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Boomerang and TruTV. The company's current chairman and CEO is John K. Martin. The headquarters of Turner's properties are located in both the CNN Center in Downtown Atlanta and the Turner Broadcasting campus off Techwood Drive in Midtown Atlanta, which also houses Turner Studios. Across Interstate 75/85 from the Techwood campus is the original home of Turner's WTBS superstation (now separated into its TBS cable network and Peachtree TV), which today houses the headquarters of Adult Swim and Williams Street Productions.  - Netflix Inc. (stylized as NETFLIX) is an American multinational entertainment company founded on August 29, 1997, in Scotts Valley, California, by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph. It specializes in and provides streaming media and video on demand online and DVD by mail. In 2013, Netflix added film and television production, as well as online distribution. The company is currently headquartered in Los Gatos, California.  - Betamax (also called Beta, as in its logo) is a consumer-level analog-recording and cassette format of magnetic tape for video. It was developed by Sony and was released in Japan on May 10, 1975. The first Betamax introduced in the United States was the LV-1901 console, which included a color monitor, and appeared in stores in early November 1975. The cassettes contain videotape in a design similar to that of the earlier, professional , U-matic format. Betamax is obsolete, having lost the videotape format war to VHS. Production of Betamax recorders ceased in 2002; new Betamax cassettes were available until March 2016, when Sony stopped making and selling them.  - AOL Inc. (simply known as AOL, originally known as America Online) is an American multinational mass media corporation based in New York, a subsidiary of Verizon Communications. The company owns and operates websites such as "The Huffington Post", TechCrunch and Engadget, and spans digital distribution of content, products, and services, which it offers to consumers, publishers, and advertisers.  - Video is an electronic medium for the recording, copying, playback, broadcasting, and display of moving visual media.  - Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (known professionally as Warner Bros. Pictures, often referred to as Warner Bros. and Warner Brothers and abbreviated as WB) is an American entertainment company, film studio and film distributor that is a division of Time Warner and is headquartered in Burbank, California. It is one of the "Big Six" major American film studios.  - A film studio (also known as movie studio or simply studio) is a major entertainment company or motion picture company that has its own privately owned studio facility or facilities that are used to make films, which is handled by the production company. The majority of firms in the entertainment industry have never owned their own studios, but have rented space from other companies.  - Publishing is the dissemination of literature, music, or informationthe activity of making information available to the general public. In some cases, authors may be their own publishers, meaning originators and developers of content also provide media to deliver and display the content for the same. Also, the word publisher can refer to the individual who leads a publishing company or an imprint or to a person who owns/heads a magazine.  - A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. This optical illusion causes the audience to perceive continuous motion between separate objects viewed rapidly in succession. The process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects.  - The Video Home System (VHS) is a standard for consumer-level analog video recording on tape cassettes. Developed by Victor Company of Japan (JVC) in the early 1970s, it was released in Japan in late 1976 and in the USA in early 1977.  - The Cable News Network (CNN) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner. It was founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner as a 24-hour cable news channel; however, by April 2016, a CNN executive officially described the channel as "no longer a TV news network" and instead as "a 24-hour global multiplatform network." Upon its launch, CNN was the first television channel to provide 24-hour news coverage, and was the first all-news television channel in the United States.  - The CW is an American broadcast television network that is operated by The CW Network, LLC, a limited liability joint venture between CBS Corporation, the former owners of the United Paramount Network (UPN), and the Warner Bros. Entertainment division of Time Warner, former majority owner of The WB Television Network. The "CW" name is an abbreviation derived from the first letters of the names of its two parent corporations (CBS and Warner Bros.).  - The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. It is the world's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue, after Comcast. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and theme parks. The company also operated under the names The Walt Disney Studio, then Walt Disney Productions. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media.  - Time Warner Cable Spectrum (TWC) (formerly Time Warner Cable) was an American cable television company. Prior to its purchase by Charter Communications in 2016, it was ranked the second largest cable company in the United States by revenue behind only Comcast, operating in 29 states. Its corporate headquarters were located in the Time Warner Center in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, with other corporate offices in Stamford, Connecticut; Charlotte, North Carolina; and Herndon, Virginia.  - Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County in Southern California, United States, northwest of downtown Los Angeles. The population at the 2010 census was 103,340.  - Warner Music Group (abbreviated as WMG, commonly referred to as Warner Music) is an American multinational entertainment and record label conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It is one of the "big three" recording companies and the third largest in the global music industry, next to Universal Music Group (UMG) and Sony Music Entertainment (SME), being the only American music conglomerate worldwide. Formerly owned by Time Warner, the company was publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange until May 2011, when it announced its privatization and sale to Access Industries, which was completed in July 2011. With a multibillion-dollar annual turnover, WMG employs in excess of 3,500 people and has operations in more than 50 countries throughout the world.  - Home video is pre-recorded media that is either sold, rented or streamed for home entertainment. The term originates from the VHS/Betamax era, when the predominant medium was videotape, but has carried over into current optical disc formats like DVD and Blu-ray Disc and, to a lesser extent, into methods of digital distribution such as Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'headquarters location'.
Answer: