Information:  - René Wolff (born 4 April 1978 in Erfurt) is an Olympic and world champion track cyclist from Germany.  - Formula Three, also called Formula 3 or F3, is a class of open-wheel formula racing. The various championships held in Europe, Australia, South America and Asia form an important step for many prospective Formula One drivers. Formula Three has traditionally been regarded as the first major stepping stone for F1 hopefuls  it is typically the first point in a driver's career at which most drivers in the series are aiming at professional careers in racing rather than being amateurs and enthusiasts. F3 is not cheap, but is regarded as a key investment in a young driver's future career. Success in F3 can lead directly to higher formula series such as a GP2 seat, or even a Formula One test or race seat.  - A republic (from ) is a sovereign state, country, or government which is organized with a form of government in which power resides in elected individuals representing the citizen body and government leaders exercise power according to the rule of law. In modern times, the definition of a republic commonly refers to a government which excludes a monarch. Currently, 147 of the world's 206 sovereign states use the word "republic" as part of their official names; not all of these are republics in the sense of having elected governments, nor do all nations with elected governments use the word "republic" in their names.  - Düsseldorf (Low Franconian, Ripuarian: "Düsseldörp" ) is the capital city of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia and the seventh most populous city in Germany. Düsseldorf is an international business and financial centre, renowned for its fashion and trade fairs. The city is headquarters to one Fortune Global 500 and two DAX companies. Messe Düsseldorf organises nearly one fifth of premier trade shows.  - The Pirelli World Challenge is a North American auto racing series that is managed by WC Vision and sanctioned by the United States Auto Club (USAC). The World Challenge series was born in 1990, and celebrated its 25th anniversary season in 2014. The series consists of seven driver classifications and six classes of vehicles: Grand Touring (GT), GT Cup (starting in 2017, fields Porsche 991 GT3 Cup, Lamborghini Super Trofeo, and Ferrari Challenge), GTS, Touring Car (TC), "Touring Car B-spec" (TCB) since 2012, and "Touring Car A" (TCA) since 2014. In 2014, a GTA driver classification was established for professional drivers that do not make their living primarily from racing. In 2016, The series frequently races alongside the IndyCar Series on race event weekends.  - Michael Schumacher (born 3 January 1969) is a German retired racing driver. He is a seven-time Formula One World Champion and is widely regarded as one of the greatest Formula One drivers of all time. He was named Laureus World Sportsman of the Year twice. He won two titles with Benetton in and before moving to Ferrari where he drove for eleven years. His time with Ferrari yielded five consecutive titles between and .  - Nick Lars Heidfeld (born 10 May 1977) is a German professional racing driver.  - Christian Danner (born 4 April 1958 in Munich) is a former racing driver from Germany.  - Jarno Trulli (born 13 July 1974) is an Italian racing driver. He competed in Formula One from 1997 to 2011, driving for Minardi, Prost, Jordan, Renault, Toyota, Lotus Racing and Team Lotus. His best result in the World Drivers' Championship was sixth place in ; this was also the year in which he scored the only win of his Formula One career at the 2004 Monaco Grand Prix.  - The German Formula Three Championship was the national Formula Three championship of Germany, and the former West Germany. In 2003, the series merged with the French Formula Three Championship to form the Formula 3 Euro Series. A lower-level series, the ATS Formel 3 Cup, subsequently operated in Germany, but it folded after the end of the 2014 season. Since the late 1980s, the list of German F3 champions has included many notable drivers, including Formula One World Champion Michael Schumacher and nine-time Le Mans winner Tom Kristensen.  - Road America is a road course located near Elkhart Lake, Wisconsin on Wisconsin Highway 67. It has hosted races since the 1950s and currently hosts races in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, WeatherTech SportsCar Championship, SCCA Pirelli World Challenge, ASRA, AMA Superbike series, and IndyCar Series. Open-wheel racing journalist Robin Miller says that Road America is "the best test of road racing in North America".  - A parliamentary republic is a republic that operates under a parliamentary system of government where the executive branch (the government) derives its legitimacy from and is accountable to the legislature (the parliament). There are a number of variations of parliamentary republics. Most have a clear differentiation between the head of government and the head of state, with the head of government holding real power, much like constitutional monarchies. Some have combined the roles of head of state and head of government, much like presidential systems, but with a dependency upon parliamentary power.  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - Cologne is the largest city in the German federal State of North Rhine-Westphalia and the fourth-largest city in Germany (after Berlin, Hamburg, and Munich). It is located within the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region, one of the major European metropolitan regions and the largest in Germany, with more than ten million inhabitants.  - Erfurt is the capital and largest city in the state of Thuringia, central Germany. It lies in the southern part of the Thuringian Basin, within the wide valley of the Gera river. It is located south-west of Leipzig, south-west of Berlin, north of Munich and north-east of Frankfurt. Together with neighbouring cities Weimar and Jena it forms the central metropolitan area of Thuringia with approximately 400,000 inhabitants. Erfurt's old town is one of the most intact medieval cities in Germany, having survived World War II with very little damage. Tourist attractions include the (Merchants' bridge), the ensemble of Erfurt Cathedral and "Severikirche" (St Severus's Church) and Petersburg Citadel, the one of the largest and best preserved town fortress in Europe. The city's economy is based on agriculture, horticulture and microelectronics. Its central location has led to it becoming a logistics hub for Germany and central Europe. Erfurt hosts the second-largest trade fair in eastern Germany (after Leipzig) as well as the public television childrens channel KiKa.  - Johnny Unser (born October 22, 1958) is a former race car driver. He is the son of open wheel driver Jerry Unser, cousin of Al Unser, Jr. and Robby Unser, nephew of Al Unser and Bobby Unser, and first cousin once removed of Alfred Unser. Unser's father, Jerry, died in a racing accident when Unser was seven months old. He made 5 starts in CART in 1993 and 1994 with a best result of 15th. He joined the Indy Racing League in its inaugural 1996 season but had a transmission failure during the pace lap of what would've been his first Indianapolis 500 and was not credited with a race start. In 1997 he made his first start in the Indy 500 starting in the 35th position after league and speedway owner Tony George added his and Lyn St. James' car to the field because slower cars than theirs were guaranteed starting positions because of prior races. He went on to finish 18th, his best "500" result in 5 starts. Unser drove the majority of his IRL races for Hemelgarn Racing and in his 14 career IRL starts he had a best finish of 9th in his very first series start in 1996 at Phoenix International Raceway. His last major open wheel race was the 2000 Indy 500.  - The euro (sign: €; code: EUR) is the official currency of the eurozone, which consists of 19 of the member states of the European Union: Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain. The currency is also officially used by the institutions of the European Union and four other European countries, as well as unilaterally by two others, and is consequently used daily by some 337 million Europeans . Outside of Europe, a number of overseas territories of EU members also use the euro as their currency.  - The NASCAR Xfinity Series is a stock car racing series owned and operated by the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing. It is promoted as NASCAR's "minor league" circuit, and is considered a proving ground for drivers who wish to step up to the organization's top level circuit, the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. Xfinity Series races are frequently held in the same venue as, and a day prior to, the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race scheduled for that weekend, encouraging fans to attend both events.  - The 2004 Monaco Grand Prix (formally the LXII Grand Prix de Monaco) was a Formula One motor race held on 23 May 2004, at the Circuit de Monaco; contested over 77 laps, it was the sixth race of the 2004 Formula One season. The race was won by the Renault driver Jarno Trulli. The BAR driver, Jenson Button finished in second position, one second behind Trulli. Rubens Barrichello took the third and final podium spot for Ferrari.  - Arnd Meier ( born March 1 , 1973 in Hannover , Germany ) is a former race car driver . After finishing second in the 1996 German Formula Three Championship behind Jarno Trulli , but ahead of teammate Nick Heidfeld , Meier participated in the 1997 and 1998 seasons of the CART World Series for Project Indy and Davis Racing . He led for two laps on his Champ Car debut in Australia , largely as the result of pit strategy . For much of his time in Champ Car , he drove the only Lola chassis in the field , at a time when Lola were struggling to match the pace of the dominant Reynard chassis . Among his 29 starts , his best finish was 10th place at Road America in 1998 . In 1999 , Meier returned to Europe to race in F3000 and touring cars . In 2004 , Meier and René Wolff drove a BMW 318i to win the BFGoodrich Long Distance Championship .  - The European Union (EU) is a political and economic union of member states that are located primarily in Europe. It has an area of , and an estimated population of over 510 million. The EU has developed an internal single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services, and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs, and maintain common policies on trade, agriculture, fisheries, and regional development. Within the Schengen Area, passport controls have been abolished. A monetary union was established in 1999 and came into full force in 2002, and is composed of 19 EU member states which use the euro currency.  - A pay driver is a driver for a professional auto racing team who, instead of being paid by the owner of his car, drives for free and brings with him either personal sponsorship or personal or family funding to finance the team's operations. This may be done to gain on-track experience or to live the lifestyle of a driver in a particular series when one's talent or credentials do not merit a paying ride. It is sometimes called a ride buyer or in sports car series a gentleman driver.  - Project Indy was a car racing team owned by Andreas Leberle that competed in the CART Championship Car series and the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series. Leberle was a former chief mechanic for Euromotorsport and like Euromotorsport, Project Indy's cars were often driven by pay drivers. The team was founded in 1994 and operated through the 1998 CART season. Their only appearance in the IRL was with Johnny Unser for two of the three races of the 1996 season and the two 1996 races of the 19961997 season which were competed with CART-spec equipment. The best race finish registered by a Project Indy driver was 7th place by Christian Danner in the 1995 Marlboro Grand Prix of Miami. In 1998 the team was known as Project CART due to not being allowed to use the Indianapolis Motor Speedway's "Indy" trademark as the team by then only participated in CART.  - The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) is an American family-owned and operated business venture that sanctions and governs multiple auto-racing sports events. Bill France Sr. founded the company in 1948 and his grandson Brian France became its CEO in 2003. NASCAR is motorsport's preeminent stock-car racing organization. The three largest racing-series sanctioned by this company are the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, the Xfinity Series, and the Camping World Truck Series. The company also oversees NASCAR Local Racing, the Whelen Modified Tour, the Whelen All-American Series, and the NASCAR iRacing.com Series. NASCAR sanctions over 1,500 races at over 100 tracks in 39 of the 50 US states as well as in Canada. NASCAR has presented exhibition races at the Suzuka and Motegi circuits in Japan, the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in Mexico, and the Calder Park Thunderdome in Australia.    'arnd meier' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'occupation'?  Choices: - canada  - driver  - fashion  - head of state  - journalist  - major  - mechanic  - member  - official  - prior  - racing driver  - sovereign  - television  - track cyclist