Anthony Weiner was so oversexed, he had phone sex as many as seven times in a single day, according to the woman at the center of the mayoral candidate’s second sexting scandal in the past two years. 
  
 Sydney Leathers, Weiner’s web mistress who brought his “Carlos Danger” alter ego — as well as images of the politician’s private parts — to light, sat down with Howard Stern Tuesday, where she dished dirty, dirty details on the horny politician’s kinky predilections, including a fetish for feet and heels. 
  
 PHOTOS: See All Of Anthony Weiner’s Explicit Facebook Messages 
  
 And while much of what she said is too raunchy to repeat here, the details will leave you wondering how Weiner would find time to keep his pants on long enough to be mayor of New York! 
  
 Leathers, a self-described “political junkie,” told the King of All Media that she initially reached out to Weiner on Facebook to express her disappointment in his actions in the wake of the 2011 sex scandal that saw him resign from Congress. Leathers said he poked her back on the social media site a full year later, and after trading a few innocuous messages, the two were engaging in hot-and-heavy banter and photo exchanges. 
  
 “It didn’t take long — he didn’t have a good segue, he just went right into it,” she said, admitting she was infatuated with him at the time. 
  
 PHOTOS: 12 Celebrity Couples Who’ve Survived Scandal 
  
 “It’s amazing to me because he got in so much trouble the first time around,” Stern observed. 
  
 Leathers said they would both pleasure themselves when talking to each other, saying that while she found the Democrat to be “well endowed,” he wasn’t much in the stamina department. 
  
 “He was like, ‘Oh yeah, thank you baby’ … it was just like, ‘Conversation over'” after Weiner was finished. But, Leathers added, she’d “hear from him very quickly after” for another steamy exchange. 
  
 PHOTOS: 12 Celebrity Couples Who’ve Survived Scandal 
  
 And while she did not use the term Minute Man, she made it clear that no time was lost in getting to the end as many as seven times a day. 
  
 “You would think his (bleep) would hurt by the end of it,” she joked. “How can you be mayor of New York City when you’re (bleeping) like five times a day?” 
  
 “Well Clinton was president,” Stern sidekick Robin Quivers chimed in. 
  
 Leathers revealed some of Weiner’s sexual talk and more. She’s admitted to a promiscuous past and a profitable presence on Sugar Daddy-soliciting websites over the years and now says she’s looking to parlay her newfound notoriety into a lucrative sex tape deal. 
  
 PHOTOS: Anthony Weiner In Woman’s Underwear 
  
 She and her agent, former porn star Gina Rodriguez, said their next stop Tuesday was to Weiner’s house, where they would do a photoshoot. 
  
 Asked by Stern if she’d be getting naughty with any other prominent politicians, Leathers said, “Chris Christie‘s above my weight limit.” 
  
 Leathers said she came forward because she resented Weiner’s duplicity in his latest mayoral campaign. 
  
 “He lured me into this situation and he didn’t want to own up to it,” she said, while Rodriguez chimed in, “I think people should be applauding her really, that she did this.” 
  
 Applause? Let us know what you think in the comments below. ||||| Sydney Leathers, the girl at the heart of the Anthony Weiner sexting scandal (2013 edition), claims to have earned money from sex with older men. 
  
 Leathers boasts of offering sex for money, as well as her rampant drug use, her desire to "ruin" Weiner and fear that she herself was being blackmailed. 
  
 These shocking new revelations heap further embarrassment on the shamed New York City mayoral candidate, who is being pressured to quit the race. 
  
 Weiner has steadfastly refused to drop out, despite falling from first to fourth place in Democratic primary polling since the sexting scandal broke. 
  
 How long he can stay in remains an open question, however, especially after more information comes out about the dealings of Sydney Leathers. 
  
 A series of Facebook message exchanges with friend Lou Colagiovanni, spanning a period of four months (April-July of this year) has come to light. 
  
 In one June 6 message, Leathers stated: "I’m seeing this one sugar daddy right now who pays me $1,000 to go down on me for half an hour." 
  
 Colagiovanni asked: "Does he possess any skill or is it a dull 30 minutes? Ahh Well for $1,000 a few moans and shouts should be included." 
  
 Miss Leathers responded: "He isn’t very good at it but I can fake it ... I don’t have to do anything except pretend I like it though so it’s not a bad gig lol." 
  
 In later communications, Sydney Leathers admitted to being active on a sugar daddy websites offering services to older men "on and off" for a year. 
  
 "I get money from dudes I’ve never even met," she claims. 
  
 "People are super-pathetic. It’s funny. I have guys on the sugar daddy site message me over and over and over even though I don’t respond." 
  
 "One guy offered to marry me in the first message. Um dude, you have no f***ing clue who I am, you saw like 10 photos if that." 
  
 One of those men? Weiner, who "met" Leathers online when he "poked" her in response to a comment she made about his 2011 sexting scandal. 
  
 Then the man asking 10 million people to trust him with their city sent nude photos, engaged in phone sex, professed his love and offered to get her an apartment in Chicago. 
  
 Even Leathers herself is disgusted by that. ||||| Weiner's Sexting Partner My First Steps INTO PORN BIZ 
  
 Anthony Weiner's Sexting Partner Sydney Leathers -- First Steps Into PORN BIZ 
  
 EXCLUSIVE 
  
 's sexting partner could be taking her "talents" to video ... 'cause she was seen strollin' around with Vivid honchothis weekend -- and we all know how that story ends.TMZ obtained video of-- fresh off her beachside bikini romp -- getting into Steve's car as she left the Vivid porn headquarters in Los Angeles on Saturday.It's unclear if the two struck any kind of a deal ... but c'mon, you don't get in the car unless you're lookin' for a ride.Stay tuned ... ||||| Former congressman's popularity plummets in wake of fresh revelations as new poll finds 53% think he should drop out 
  
 No one knows where the line for unacceptable behavior on the part of a New York City politician is drawn, but apparently there is one – and Anthony Weiner managed to cross it. 
  
 A majority of New York voters think Anthony Weiner should drop out of the mayoral race, according to a citywide poll released Monday afternoon. 
  
 Fifty-three percent of respondents in the poll of likely voters said that Weiner should quit the race, versus 40% who said he should stay in, Quinnipiac found. 
  
 While the news was bad for Weiner, the poll featured an unprecedented show of strength from public advocate Bill de Blasio, who ranked second behind city council speaker Christine Quinn. Twenty-seven percent of voters said Quinn would be their pick for mayor, versus 21% who selected de Blasio. Former city comptroller Bill Thompson notched 20% in the poll, versus 16% for Weiner. 
  
 Support has deteriorated dramatically for Weiner in the week since the public learned that he continued to send strangers pictures of his genitals after resigning from Congress in June 2011 in disgrace over the behavior. His campaign manager quit abruptly on Sunday. 
  
 In a snap overnight poll conducted by Marist immediately after the new pictures came to light, 47% of respondents thought Weiner should stay in the race, while 43% thought he should drop out. That was before Weiner endured days of tough questions about his behavior and public humiliation at the hands of the tabloid press. 
  
 A Quinnipiac poll released just prior to the latest flare-up in the Weiner scandal found the former congressman in the lead over Quinn by 26-22. 
  
 Consistently strong polling by Quinn, the frontrunner in most surveys, belies her potential vulnerability in a mayoral runoff, to be held if no one candidate gains 40% of the vote. Quinn's net favorability rating has lagged both De Blasio and Thompson, potential runoff opponents. A Quinnipiac poll last week of a hypothetical Democratic runoff between Quinn and Thompson found Thompson out front 51-42. 
  
 Monday's poll has Quinn losing a hypothetical runoff against Thompson by 10 points, 50-40. ||||| Anthony Weiner's latest sexting paramour Sydney Leathers has certainly come a long way since telling The Daily Mail a few days ago that she "didn't want the attention" that came with the story's exposure, and certainly wasn't "looking to make money off it." 
  
 The 23-year-old Hoosier has already sat down with Inside Edition for an exclusive interview; stripped down for the New York Post in an exclusive bikini photo shoot; and now it seems, went down...to the office with porn magnate Steve Hirsch to sign an exclusive adult film contract. 
  
 TMZ says nothing is yet known about what exactly went on during the meeting between Hirsch and the porn-named Leathers at Vivid's headquarters in LA over the weekend, but, as the gossip site notes, "you don't get in [Hirsch's] car unless you're lookin' for a ride." 
  
 Vivid, of Farrah Abraham's "sex tape" fame, is no doubt looking to capitalize on Weiner's new woes, and the pressure is on to beat other porn production houses, at least one of which has just announced a Weiner-themed porn parody starring Weiner sexting alum Ginger Lee. 
  
 Meanwhile, Weiner seems poised to prolong the scandal with fresh rumors that his sexting days aren't yet behind him. 
  
 [screengrabs via TMZ] ||||| We're hearing for the first time from the young woman at the center of the Anthony Weiner sexting scandal. 
  
  
  
 Twenty-three-year-old Sydney Leathers spoke exclusively to INSIDE EDITION about the raunchy text messages and phone calls she exchanged with Weiner, who's now running for mayor of New York City. 
  
 "Anthony Weiner is responsible for his downfall," said Leathers."I feel sick about it. I'm disgusted by him. He is not who I thought he was." 
  
 Watch video of Part 1 of our interview here. 
  
  
  
 INSIDE EDITION's Jim Moret said to Leathers, "I read one quote that suggested you thought he was a dirty old man." 
  
 Leathers replied, "He actually said that about himself to me. The exact wording is that he an argumentative, perpetually horny middle-aged man." 
  
  
  
 Leathers says her bizarre relationship with Weiner began in June, 2011 after he resigned from Congress in disgrace for sending images to women he met online. 
  
 Leathers sent him a Facebook message, criticizing his behavior. Out of the blue, a year later in July, 2012, she says he replied with a Facebook poke, a simple way of saying 'hi.' 
  
 Moret asked, "When did things turn dark and dirty?" 
  
 "Very quickly," said Leathers. 
  
 "Who prompted that?" asked Moret. 
  
 "He did," she replied. 
  
 "So, Anthony Weiner moved your conversation from professional to dirty?" 
  
 "Yes," said Leathers. 
  
  
  
 They began to exchanged steamy text messages. In one of the tamer ones, Weiner writes: "What are you wearing? Much for me to take off? I'd hold u by the throat." 
  
 He used a pseudonym that's become infamous overnight: Carlos Danger. 
  
  
  
 "It sounds ridiculous," said Moret. 
  
 Leathers said, "It is ridiciulous. I never really said anything about it, but I thought it was very silly." 
  
  
  
 She says she was shocked when Weiner texted her a risque self-picture that we can't show. 
  
  
  
 "I was absolutely shocked that he was willing to do that. And the fact that it was his idea is even more shocking," said Leathers. 
  
  
  
 She says she and Weiner also had phone-sex at least twice a week. 
  
 "Did you get the sense that he was acting out on the phone calls?" asked Moret. 
  
 "Absolutely, yes," she answered. 
  
 "And were they real for you, as well?" 
  
 "I think it was a fantasy thing for the both of us," said Leathers. 
  
  
  
 The sexting was constant, with Weiner writing: "I've found the perfect woman. Gorgeous, sexy and like a bit of crazy." 
  
  
  
 She replied: "I basically worship the ground you walk on. You're incredible." 
  
 Moret asked, "Did you think at that time that you loved Anthony Weiner?" 
  
 "Maybe not loved, but I definitely cared about him," said Leathers. 
  
  
  
 Leathers is from Mount Carmel, Illinois and is a college sophomore majoring in political science. 
  
 "I'm a total political junky, nerd," she admits. 
  
  
  
 Leathers says their sexting relationship ended in November, 2012. She thought Weiner was jealous that other men were leaving messages on her Facebook page. 
  
  
  
 "What would upset him?" asked Moret. 
  
 She explained, "Me being hit on by other men really upset him. We were Facebook friends, so he could see if men were commenting on photos of me, or telling me that I was pretty. Really minor things like that really bothered him." 
  
  
  
 She told Moret she last communicated with Weiner on Facebook four months ago when he announced he was running for mayor of New York. 
  
  
  
 He texted her: "Do me a solid. Can you hard delete all our chats here." 
  
  
  
 Leathers said, "Obviously I knew that he wanted me to erase any evidence of our conversations, because that was around the time I knew that he was going to run for mayor." 
  
  
  
 She says her relationship with Weiner reminded him of the Netflix series House of Cards, where actor Kevin Spacey plays a seedy congressman who carries on an affair with a reporter. 
  
 Moret asked, "Did you think, 'Oh my gosh, that's my life right now.'" 
  
 "Yes. When I saw House of Cards, I think it gave me a little bit of a panic attack, honestly," said Leathers. 
  
  
  
 She wept when we showed her Weiner's news conference where he acknowledged their relationship. She wants to apologize to his wife, Huma Abedin. 
  
 "I just feel very, very sorry for my part and the pain that she obviously feels," said Leathers. |||||

Write a summary.