News article:

The unrest in Charlotte came after two other police-involved deadly shootings in the last week. 
  
 First came the shooting of a teenager in Columbus, Ohio, who had been brandishing a BB gun. Two days later, on Friday, was the shooting death in Tulsa, Okla., of a man who had his hands above his head before an officer opened fire. 
  
 And then it was Charlotte, where Mr. Scott, 43, black like the other two, was shot by a police officer in a parking space marked “Visitor” outside an unremarkable apartment complex. On Wednesday that parking space was both a shooting site and a shrine, and Charlotte was a city on edge, the latest to play a role in what feels like a recurring, seemingly inescapable tape loop of American tragedy. 
  
 “To see this happen multiple times — just time after time — it’s depressing, man,” said Tom Jackson, 25, who works with mentally disabled people. He didn’t know Mr. Scott but was drawn here nonetheless, one of many strangers and friends who came to pay their respects and make sense of their sorrow. 
  
 In addition to the fatal attacks on police officers in Baton Rouge and Dallas, it was another grim snapshot of America’s continuing crisis in black and blue, this moment amplified by presidential politics. And as usual, there was very little consensus on what went wrong and how to fix it. ||||| Charlotte, North Carolina (CNN) One person was shot Wednesday during a second night of protests over a deadly police shooting in Charlotte, city officials said. 
  
 The person, who was not identified, is in critical condition and on life support, the city tweeted. Earlier, the city had tweeted that the person had died. The person was shot by another civilian, the city said. 
  
 One police officer was injured, according to a city tweet. The officer was transported to a hospital with undisclosed injuries. 
  
 The riot and protests came on a day in which the city's police chief gave more details on the shooting that took the life of Keith Lamont Scott. 
  
 Chief Kerr Putney addressed the Scott family's claim that he was reading a book in his vehicle when police officers approached and shot him. 
  
 Putney said Scott, an African-American, was armed and no book was found at the scene. He was shot by an African-American officer after refusing repeated demands to put down a gun, which was recovered from the scene, Putney said. 
  
 Wednesday night, scores of protesters gathered in two locations in Charlotte. 
  
 Mayor Jennifer Roberts, who spoke by phone with CNN's Don Lemon, called on demonstrators to heed calls from Scott's family and the NAACP to remain peaceful. 
  
 "Go home and tell everyone violence is not the answer. The investigation is ongoing, it will be transparent," she said. 
  
 A protest in a park was peaceful, the mayor said, and the rioting downtown was from a small group of agitators, the mayor said. 
  
 Gov. Pat McCrory said the state is sending more troopers from the highway patrol to Charlotte. 
  
 "Any violence directed toward our citizens or police officers or destruction of property should not be tolerated," he said in a statement. 
  
 Many rioters and protesters dispersed after police fired tear gas before 11 p.m. ET. 
  
 Some apparently turned over trash cans and set the contents on fire. A few windows in at least one store were broken and one had "black lives matters" spray-painted on it. 
  
 Differing stories on shooting 
  
 Scott's family said he was unarmed and sitting in his car reading a book on Tuesday, waiting for his son to come home from school. 
  
 Putney said Scott exited his car with a gun, not a book. He said officers couldn't find a book at the scene. 
  
 Keith Lamont Scott, shown with his wife, Rakeyia Scott. 
  
 "It's time for the voiceless majority to stand up and be heard," said the police chief, who is black. 
  
 "It's time to change the narrative because I can tell you from the facts that the story's a little bit different as to how it's been portrayed so far, especially through social media." 
  
 Putney said evidence and witnesses support the officers' claim that Scott was armed. 
  
 Officers repeatedly told Scott to drop his handgun, the chief said, but he didn't. Officer Brentley Vinson, who is black, then shot him. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Chief: We found a gun, not a book Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Chief: We found a gun, not a book 00:55 
  
 The chief said he was not certain whether Scott pointed his gun at officers. Vinson, who was in plain clothes and wearing a CMPD vest, did not have a body camera. Three uniformed officers were wearing cameras, there is also dash cam recordings, and investigators are reviewing the footage, Putney said. 
  
 The mayor said she will be watching video from the incident on Thursday. 
  
 A person doesn't have to point a weapon directly at police to prompt deadly force, CNN law enforcement analyst Art Roderick said. 
  
 "You don't have to actually wait until a handgun is pointed at you because you're talking milliseconds of a decision as to whether you're going to pull your trigger, or that individual is going to pull their trigger," Roderick said. 
  
 Who is the officer? 
  
 Officer Brentley Vinson 
  
 Vinson has worked for Charlotte-Mecklenburg police for two years. 
  
 He played football at Liberty University from 2009-2012 and majored in criminal justice, according to his biography on Liberty University's website. 
  
 Former teammate Austin Marsh told CNN that Vinson was a "standup guy." 
  
 "It breaks my heart to see something like this happen, and I have a really hard time believing that Brent shot a man in his car while waiting for his (son) for no reason," Marsh said. 
  
 "Brent has always been a great guy founded on good morals. I find it very hard to believe that he would gun down an innocent man." 
  
 CNN briefly spoke to Vinson's father, Alex Vinson, on the phone. He asked for privacy and said no one in the family would be speaking to the media. 
  
 The officer has been placed on paid administrative leave, Mayor Jennifer Roberts said. 
  
 Daughter streams video on Facebook Live 
  
 JUST WATCHED Daughter learns of father's death while on Facebook Live Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Daughter learns of father's death while on Facebook Live 00:54 
  
 Moments after her father was shot, Lyric Scott started recording on Facebook Live, livid and screaming at officers on the scene. 
  
 "They shot my daddy 'cause he's black," she said. "He was sitting in his car reading a mother******* book. So they shot him. That's what happened." 
  
 Lyric, who keeps the camera on officers through most of the 31-minute video, said her father often goes outside to read a book. 
  
 About halfway through the video, Lyric apparently learns from a news report that her father has died. She starts screaming and crying hysterically. 
  
 "My daddy's dead! My daddy's dead!" she screams. "Where's the cop that shot my daddy?" 
  
 On Wednesday, Keith Scott's wife released a statement saying her family is devastated and she called for protesters to remain calm. 
  
 "Keith was a loving husband, father, brother and friend who will be deeply missed every day," Rakeyia Scott said. "As a family, we respect the rights of those who wish to protest, but we ask that people protest peacefully. Please do not hurt people or members of law enforcement, damage property or take things that do not belong to you in the name of protesting." 
  
 Another controversial police shooting 
  
 The Charlotte case is the latest in a series of controversial shootings of black men by police. Protesters have been demanding justice and an end to police brutality for months. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Chief: Scott was told to drop his gun Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Chief: Scott was told to drop his gun 02:14 
  
 Last week's fatal shooting of Terence Crutcher, an unarmed black man in Tulsa, Oklahoma, sparked protests after video of the killing was aired Monday. 
  
 Crutcher's father, the Rev. Joey Crutcher, said the overnight protests in Charlotte are "just a continuation of the same thing over and over and over again." 
  
 "And it's perpetuated against people of color more than anything else," he said. "If it would have been in the reverse, if it would have been a Caucasian, it would have been totally different." 
  
 JUST WATCHED Video shows protesters attack police car Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Video shows protesters attack police car 01:10 
  
 "They have once again highlighted -- in the most vivid and painful terms -- the real divisions that still persist in this nation between law enforcement and communities of color," Lynch said. 
  
 She denounced the violence that erupted in Charlotte. 
  
 "Protest is protected by our Constitution and is a vital instrument for raising issues and creating change. But when it turns violent, it undermines the very justice that it seeks to achieve." ||||| Police in Charlotte, North Carolina, said they gave Keith Lamont Scott "loud, clear, verbal commands" to not exit his vehicle and drop his weapon before an officer fatally shot him on Tuesday. But it's still unclear whether he pointed the gun at the officers, according to Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department Chief Kerr Putney. 
  
 Interested in Police Shootings? Add Police Shootings as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Police Shootings news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest 
  
 Scott's family has said he was not armed and was holding a book while waiting for his son to be dropped off from school. Putney told reporters at a news conference today that Scott was holding a handgun, which investigators recovered from the scene, and posed a threat because he was not obeying police orders. 
  
 "The officers gave loud, clear, verbal commands, which were also heard by many of the witnesses," Putney said. "Mr. Scott exited his vehicle armed with a handgun as the officers continued to yell at him to drop it." 
  
 An officer subsequently fired his weapon, striking Scott, who police said was treated immediately and later pronounced dead. 
  
 An investigation into Scott's death is ongoing. 
  
 "I don't know that he definitively pointed the weapon specifically towards an officer," Putney told reporters. "I can tell you from the facts that the story is a little bit different as to how it's been portrayed so far, especially through social media." 
  
 Police have identified the officer involved in the shooting as Brentley Vinson, who has been employed with the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department since July 21, 2014, and is currently assigned to the metro division. He has been placed on paid administrative leave as the investigation continues, according to Putney. 
  
 Vinson was not wearing a body camera at the time, but the other officers who responded to the incident were. The footage will not be released until the investigation is complete, Putney said. 
  
 The incident began around 4 p.m. Tuesday, when officers arrived at an apartment complex in Charlotte, searching for a suspect who had an outstanding warrant, according to a police statement. Police said Scott, 43, was not the suspect officers had sought. 
  
 Cellphone video shows the scene after Scott was shot. Several emergency responders tended to his body and lifted him onto a stretcher. 
  
 Jeff Siner/The Charlotte Observer via AP Photo 
  
 Violent protests rocked Charlotte after Scott's death. At least 16 police officers were injured while trying to quell the demonstrators, and multiple police vehicles were damaged, according to Putney. 
  
 The protesters blocked northbound and southbound lanes on a portion of I-85 in Charlotte. Some individuals looted a tractor-trailer and set fire to its contents. Officers in riot gear gave multiple orders for the people to disperse, and when they didn't, police deployed tear gas. One person has been arrested, Putney said. 
  
 During the news conference today, Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts expressed concern for Scott's family and the officers injured during the protests. She also called for peace and patience. 
  
 "This is a difficult situation for everyone involved," she told reporters. "Our top priority is for Charlotte to remain a safe community for everyone who lives and visits here." 
  
 North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory said in a statement that it's "very important" that his office work with city officials and the police chief "to solve a very difficult issue and to bring peace and resolution." 
  
 "My prayers are with the Scott family and also our law enforcement, especially the 16 police officers who were injured last night," he said. "As governor, I'm going to do everything I can to support the entire city leadership in their effort to resolve this situation." 
  
 The ACLU called on the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department to release video of the shooting "in the interest of transparency and accountability," noting that a new North Carolina law restricting the release of such recordings does not take effect until Oct. 1. The law, HB 972, says footage from police body or dashboard cameras may not be released publicly without a court order. 
  
 "We join the people in Charlotte and across the nation in sending our deepest condolences to Mr. Scott's family," said Karen Anderson, the executive director of the North Carolina ACLU. "We demand a full investigation into why yet another black person in the United States has died at the hands of a police officer. The public and Mr. Scott's family deserve answers." 
  
 In response to the fatal shooting, B.J. Murphy, a religious leader, called for an independent investigation into the incident and "an economic boycott" of the city. 
  
 "Since black lives do not matter for this city, then our black dollars shouldn't matter," Murphy said at a press conference with other black leaders today. "We're tired of being killed and nobody saying nothing." 
  
 He continued, "I don't want to offend nobody. But hell, man — man, we ain't got nothing to lose." |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?