Article:
Powell boys suffered 'chop injuries' to neck and head 
  
 GRAHAM, Wash. -- Gallons of gasoline spread throughout the home of Josh Powell caused the inferno that destroyed his home Sunday, authorities said Monday evening, but his two young sons, Charlie and Braden, also suffered from what investigators described as "chop injuries" to their heads or necks. 
  
 Autopsies on the three bodies were completed late Monday, confirming that the boys died as a result of homicide, and Josh Powell died as a result of suicide from carbon monoxide poisoning. 
  
 The Pierce County Medical Examiner confirmed Charlie Powell, 5, died of carbon monoxide poisoning, but a chop injury to his neck was a contributing factor. Braden Powell, 7, died in the same manner, but sufferred a chop injury to the neck and head. 
  
 Investigators recovered a hatchet that they believe was used on the boys. 
  
 Detectives called the explosion a "deliberate, planned event" in which two five-gallon cans of gasoline were used as an accelerant to blast the home apart; gas from one can was spread around the house, and the other can was apparently ignited in the center of the house, where the bodies of Josh, Charlie and Braden were found. 
  
 The house burst into flames after a social worker brought the boys there for a supervised visit. Powell blocked the social worker from entering the house. 
  
 Investigation shifts to Josh Powell's father 
  
 The Sunday blaze at Powell's home brought yet another twist in the very public scandal and investigation that began when Josh's wife, Susan Powell, vanished from the family's Utah home in 2009. 
  
 The investigation now shifts to Josh's father, Steven Powell, who is currently jailed on voyerism and child pornography charges and has refused to be interviewed since the explosion. Last fall, detectives found images and video of neighborhood girls, as well as Susan Powell, in his possession. Steven has been named a person of interest in her disappearance. 
  
 Susan's parents believe Steven Powell holds the key to finding out what really happened to their daughter. 
  
  
  
 "I think he is the only one who would know. I think Josh would have confided in him enough to know where she might be," said Chuck Cox. "He's not going to tell us anything." 
  
  
  
 "It's up to the police," said Judy Cox. 
  
 Steven Powell claimed he and Susan had a romantic relationship, but detectives said Monday those statements are "a flat out lie," and that Susan viewed her father-in-law as a "creep, and weird." 
  
 Steven Powell has been put on suicide watch. Investigators have not said when they planned to speak to him. 
  
 Emails from Josh Powell found 
  
 Multiple emails from Josh Powell have since been found in close family members' in-boxes, including his cousins, and his pastor. Details of those emails have not been made explicitly clear, except that they included goodbyes and how to take care of any final business. 
  
 INTERACTIVE: Review the entire Powell case from the beginning 
  
 All of the emails were sent minutes before the social worker showed up at Powell's home with his sons Sunday afternoon for a court-ordered visitation. 
  
 Detectives said more evidence has emerged about Josh Powell's actions leading up to Sunday's blast, such as taking the boys' toys and books to Goodwill. 
  
 The deaths of Powell and the two boys brings an end to a case that started in December, 2009, when Josh's wife Susan went missing in the Utah desert. Her body has still not been found. 
  
 Attorneys for Susan's parents have said recently the boys had begun to talk about what happened the night their mother went missing, saying, "Mommy was in the trunk." Josh maintained he and the boys went camping the night Susan disappeared, around 12:30 a.m. 
  
 However, detectives said Monday despite all of the evidence found so far at the scene, none of it has had anything to do with the disappearance of Susan. ||||| Susan Powell's Dad: Our Worst Fears Came True 
  
 Chuck Cox says that the family told anybody who would listen: It was only a matter of time before his son-in-law Josh Powell killed himself and his two boys.On Sunday, those worst fears were realized when Josh, long a person of interest in the disappearance of wife Susan Powell, blew up his Tacoma, Wash.-area house in what is being characterized as a double-murder suicide."We stated our fear many times, that if he was feeling desperate, that he would possibly kill himself and the boys, that this kind of thing could happen," Susan's father Chuck tells PEOPLE. "If he felt there was no way out, that he wouldn't let anyone else have them. They were possessions to him."As Josh tangled with Susan's relatives over the boys, Charlie, 7, and Branden, 5, Cox says he relayed his concerns to his attorney, to the court, to the county sheriff, to family services officials."They were all aware of our fears – that he would take a cowardly way out," says Cox.Powell, who had denied wrongdoing in his wife's disappearance, had been fighting to regain custody of their boys, who were being cared for by their maternal grandparents.A judge had recently ordered Powell, whose father is the subject of a child pornography case , to undergo a psychosexual evaluation, according to reports. ||||| Originally published February 6, 2012 at 1:56 PM | Page modified February 7, 2012 at 8:56 PM 
  
 Charlie and Braden Powell's grandparents said Monday the boys hadn't wanted to go visit their father, and described an ominous drawing the younger boy had made. 
  
 Powell's voicemail: 'I am not able to go on' 
  
 Commenting has been disabled because of the sensitive nature of this story. 
  
 Josh Powell's final, horrific act — killing his sons and himself in a fiery inferno — was tantamount to a confession to his wife's disappearance and presumed death, according to the Pierce County prosecuting attorney. 
  
 "If there was any doubt about who murdered Susan Powell, it's gone now," Mark Lindquist said. 
  
 On Sunday, when Powell attacked his two sons with a hatchet and then set fire to his Graham rental home, he had long been considered by Utah police to be a person of interest in his wife's December 2009 disappearance. But charges had never been brought against him despite questions over his claims that his wife went missing after he took his two sons camping in the middle of the night in freezing temperatures. 
  
 Despite Powell's death, police in West Valley City, Utah, say the investigation into Susan Powell's disappearance will continue. 
  
 Lindquist's reference to Susan Powell's presumed slaying isn't the first time authorities indicated they believe the missing mother of two was the victim of homicide. A search warrant obtained by The Associated Press through a public records request Tuesday shows that police in Utah were investigating three felonies in connection with the case: first-degree murder, kidnapping and obstructing a public servant. 
  
 Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill acknowledged for the first time that they believe Powell is likely dead, but said the case remains a missing persons probe for now. 
  
 Gill wouldn't discuss the evidence, but said authorities don't have enough information to file charges in the case. 
  
 "I think when I talk about it as a missing persons case, that's because we haven't located the body of Susan Powell," Gill said in an interview with the AP. "Do we think that she may have met harm? Sure." 
  
 Investigators are now reassessing the case after her husband, Josh Powell, killed their sons Charlie, 7, and Braden, 5, during a court-ordered visit Sunday at his Graham home. The boys' grandparents, Chuck and Judy Cox, say the boys were reluctant to go on the visit. 
  
 But the visits were court-ordered after Josh Powell lost custody of the boys in the fall, and the Coxes insisted they go. 
  
 "They liked seeing their dad," Chuck Cox said. "But the last time they didn't want to go." 
  
 It was during Sunday's visit that the sheriff's office says Josh Powell set fire to the rental home in Graham, killing both boys and himself moments after a state-contracted caseworker brought them for the supervised visitation. 
  
 Sheriff's officials said Monday they believed Josh Powell had planned the deadly fire for some time. They said he dropped off toys and books at Goodwill over the weekend and sent final emails to friends and acquaintances shortly before the blaze. 
  
 Detectives found evidence of 10 gallons of gasoline inside the home, said sheriff's spokesman Sgt. Ed Troyer. Gasoline from a 5-gallon can was spread throughout the house and used as an accelerant for the huge blaze. Another 5-gallon can was found near the bodies, he said 
  
 Troyer called the deadly fire "a deliberate, planned-out event." 
  
 Chillingly, Powell may have first incapacitated his sons by attacking them with a hatchet. 
  
 The Pierce County Medical Examiner's Office on Monday said all three died from smoke inhalation. But both boys also suffered "chop injuries," Braden to his head and neck, and Charlie to his neck. 
  
 Troyer said a hatchet was recovered near the bodies. 
  
 "Just when you thought it couldn't get any grimmer, you learn he had assaulted his kids with an ax," Lindquist said. 
  
 In the emails sent before the fire, Powell wrote his lawyer, pastor, friends and relatives, telling some, "I'm sorry. I can't live without my boys." He also left instructions on how to take care of his "final business," according to Troyer. 
  
 He said none of the emails mentioned Powell's wife and the mother of the boys, Susan Powell, 28, who has been missing since December 2009. Powell had long been considered a person of interest in her disappearance from their home in West Valley City, Utah. 
  
 On Monday, a tearful Chuck and Judy Cox spoke of their family's pain over the boys' deaths, compounded by the disappearance of their daughter. 
  
 Powell, 36, told police he last saw Susan around midnight Dec. 7, 2009, when he put their sons in a minivan and took them on a late-night camping trip in Utah's west desert in freezing temperatures. 
  
 But police, almost from the start, questioned Powell's story. Powell later moved back to the Puyallup area, where both his father and Susan Powell's parents live. 
  
 The Coxes on Monday also spoke about a drawing Braden had made showing the family of three riding in their minivan. Braden said the drawing was of the two boys and their father. 
  
 When asked why their mother wasn't in the drawing, Braden said she was in the trunk, Chuck Cox said. 
  
 Cox recalled that the boy said, "Mommy and Daddy got out but Mommy didn't come back." 
  
 At the time of their mother's disappearance, Braden was 2 and Charles was 4. 
  
 Anne Bremner, an attorney for the Coxes, said as recently as Christmas the boys told their grandparents "mommy's in the mine." Police in Utah had searched abandoned mine shafts in Nevada last summer, but found no sign of Susan Powell. 
  
 The Coxes said the drawing of the minivan was given to police in West Valley City, who are investigating the disappearance of Susan Powell. 
  
 Buzz Nielsen, chief of the West Valley Police Department, declined to comment Monday on the drawing or any other specific evidence in the Susan Powell case. 
  
 Nielsen, who flew to Washington on Monday, said that investigators have been working on building a case against Powell with "strong circumstantial evidence." He said he had hoped to see charges filed later this year. 
  
 Nielsen said Powell was not aware of the progress of the investigation. He speculated that Powell's decision to take his life and kill his children was not sparked by fear of arrest. 
  
 He said Powell's death will not stop investigators from trying to piece together what happened to Susan Powell. 
  
 Nielsen said his detectives will try to speak with Josh's father, Steven Powell, whose arrest last September on child-pornography and voyeurism charges prompted the state to take custody of Charlie and Braden. The boys and their father had lived with Steven Powell, who remains in custody in Pierce County Jail. 
  
 He described Steve Powell as another "person of interest," but noted the elder Powell is "not in our sights" in terms of any potentially imminent arrest. 
  
 About noon Sunday, a state contract worker from Foster Care Resource Network brought the boys for a scheduled visit to Powell's Graham house. The caseworker was assigned to the children and had previously brought them to their father without incident, Troyer said. 
  
 Powell answered the door, pulled the boys inside, slammed the door and locked it, Troyer said. Denied entry, the caseworker immediately began banging on the home's doors and windows and called 911. She told police she thought she smelled gasoline. 
  
 The caseworker reported the fire started within seconds, Troyer said. 
  
 On Monday, the Coxes took reporters into an addition they had built on their Puyallup home to make room for their grandchildren. The room had two small beds with handmade quilts, one decorated with characters from the movie "Cars" and the other with Spider-Man. Toys were stacked in a nearby room. 
  
 They talked about how the boys had been emotionally distant when they arrived in September. 
  
 They'd been shunned by other children, Chuck Cox said, because people disliked or mistrusted their father. 
  
 "They said that in their old school, the other kids walked 10 feet in front of them or 10 behind them," he said. 
  
 When they talked about their mother initially, they called her "Susan," Cox said. 
  
 But Cox said he knew they were making progress when Charlie pointed to a smiling picture of his mother in the living room and asked his grandpa to take a picture of him next to the photo. 
  
 "He said, 'I'm sitting with my mommy.' " 
  
 Christine Clarridge: 206-464-8983 or cclarridge@seattletimes.com 
  
 Seattle Times staff reporters Jennifer Sullivan, Katherine Long and Steve Miletich contributed to this report, which includes information from The Associated Press. |||||Summary: