Write a summary based on this article:

What's a St. Patrick's Day parade without Guinness? The organizers of New York City's annual march down Fifth Avenue are about to find out. 
  
 The makers of the popular Irish beer announced over the weekend that they pulled their sponsorship of the parade due to organizers' longstanding rule against gay and lesbian groups marching openly. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 "Guinness has a strong history of supporting diversity and being an advocate for equality for all,” the company said in a statement posted on the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation website Sunday. "We were hopeful that the policy of exclusion would be reversed for this year’s parade. As this has not come to pass, Guinness has withdrawn its participation. We will continue to work with community leaders to ensure that future parades have an inclusionary policy." 
  
 The move by Guinness follows similar moves by fellow beer companies Heineken and Sam Adams, the latter of which pulled its sponsorship from Sunday's parade in the traditional Irish stronghold of South Boston. The decision also left Ford Motor Company as the only major U.S. company sponsoring the New York City parade, which dates back to 1762. 
  
 Companies aren't the only ones conspicuous by their absence from city parades. New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio will become the first mayor in decades to sit out the march due to the dispute. Boston Mayor Martin Walsh didn't take part in his city's parade, either, after talks broke down that would have allowed a gay group to march. 
  
 One leader who does plan to march in New York Monday is Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who defended himself against criticism over his decision earlier this week, saying "The St. Patrick's Day parade (in New York) is a parade about our Irishness and not about sexuality, and I would be happy to participate in it." 
  
 Parade organizers have said gay groups are not prohibited from marching, but are not allowed to carry gay-friendly signs or identify themselves as LGBT. 
  
 In Michigan, parades were Sunday held in Bay City and Detroit, and on Monday a St. Patrick's Day Parade was scheduled in Cleveland. Cities from Savannah, Ga., to Montreal also hosted festivities over the weekend, and throughout the world landmarks were bathed in green floodlights. 
  
 Some LGBT groups were to protest the parade, while others had planned to dump Guinness from the shelves of the Stonewall Inn, the birthplace of the gay rights movement. That demonstration was canceled late Sunday after Guinness put out its statement yanking its sponsorship. 
  
 Despite the controversy, New York's parade, a tradition that predates the city itself, is expected to draw more than 1 million spectators and about 200,000 participants Monday. It has long been a mandatory stop on the city's political trail, and will include marching bands, traditional Irish dancers and thousands of uniformed city workers. 
  
 The Associated Press contributed to this report. ||||| Bill de Blasio and Martin Walsh (L) speak to the press outside the West Wing of the White House in Washington, December 13, 2013, following their meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama and other newly-elected mayors about job creation. 
  
 BOSTON Irish brewer Guinness said on Sunday that it would not participate in New York City's St. Patrick's Day parade this year because gay and lesbian groups had been excluded, costing organizers a key sponsor of the annual event. 
  
 The move came on the same day that Boston's Irish-American mayor skipped that city's St. Patrick's Day parade after failing to hammer out a deal with organizers to allow a group of gay and lesbian activists to march openly. 
  
 "Guinness has a strong history of supporting diversity and being an advocate for equality for all. We were hopeful that the policy of exclusion would be reversed for this year's parade," the brewer said in a written statement issued by a spokesman for its parent company, Diageo. 
  
 "As this has not come to pass, Guinness has withdrawn its participation. We will continue to work with community leaders to ensure that future parades have an inclusionary policy," Guinness said. 
  
 Last week New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said he would not march in the parade because gay and lesbian activists had been again precluded from taking part. 
  
 The loss of Guinness, one of the world's top beer brands originating in Dublin, Ireland, appeared to ratchet up the pressure on organizers even further. 
  
 On Friday, two other major beer companies, Sam Adams brewer Boston Beer Co and Heineken dropped their sponsorship of parades in Boston and New York, respectively, over the issue. 
  
 Representatives for the New York board of the Ancient Order of the Hibernians, which has run the parade for more than 150 years, could not be reached for comment on Sunday afternoon. 
  
 Earlier in the day Boston Mayor Marty Walsh skipped his city's parade when he couldn't negotiate a deal with organizers, the conservative Allied War Veteran's Council, to allow members of MassEquality, one of Massachusetts' largest gay activist groups, to join. 
  
 INCREASING CRITICISM 
  
 "So much of our Irish history has been shaped by the fight against oppression," Walsh, the city's first Irish-American mayor in 20 years, said in a statement. 
  
 "As mayor of the city of Boston, I have to do my best to ensure that all Bostonians are free to participate fully in the civic life of our city. Unfortunately, this year, the parties were not able to come to an understanding that would have made that possible." 
  
 Despite Walsh's boycott, other prominent Democratic Boston politicians, including Representative Stephen Lynch, marched in the parade, which drew tens of thousands of spectators, some of whom expressed disappointment at MassEquality's exclusion. 
  
 "It's supposed to be a time when everyone can come together," said university student Jeyashri Sridhar, 18. "It's sad that people can't participate because of who they are." 
  
 Organizers of St. Patrick's Day parades in New York and Boston, among the most liberal-leaning cities in the United States, have come under increasing criticism in recent years for banning openly gay marchers. 
  
 Parade organizers argue that to do so would conflict with their Roman Catholic heritage. The Catholic church contends that homosexual activity is immoral. 
  
 While MassEquality did not participate, the parade was not without gay marchers. 
  
 South Boston resident Randy Foster, along with his husband Steve Martin, organized a diversity-themed float that sported rainbow flags but no direct gay rights messages. Foster said the flags represented the proverbial pot of gold at the end of the rainbow in Irish lore, though he acknowledged the gay-rights movement uses a rainbow flag. 
  
 "If there's a dual message to it, we're OK with it and so are the parade organizers," said Foster, 48. "We made the point of not making it a gay float. If we're going to have a message of inclusion, it shouldn't be for one group." 
  
 Massachusetts in 2003 became the first U.S. state to legalize gay marriage. Attitudes on gay marriage have changed markedly across the nation since then, with 17 states and the District of Columbia now allowing same-sex couples to wed. 
  
 (Additional reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Scott Malone, Sophie Hares, Marguerita Choy and Eric Walsh) ||||| NEW YORK (AP) — Mayor Bill De Blasio was set to become the first mayor in decades to sit out New York City's traditional St. Patrick's Day parade over a dispute involving whether march participants can carry pro-gay signs. But Ireland's Prime Minister refused to be sidelined, saying he'll join the procession Monday in Manhattan because the holiday is about Irishness, not sexuality. 
  
 From left, J.T. Delcamp sits with his kids, Dominic, 6, and Addalynn, 9, and with Kellie Bauss, as they watch the annual St. Patrick's day parade in Detroit, Michigan on March 16, 2014. Detroit's parade... (Associated Press) 
  
 Chris Davern marches in the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) (Associated Press) 
  
 The Boston Police Gaelic Column marches in the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) (Associated Press) 
  
 Spectators watch from a window during the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) (Associated Press) 
  
 A participant walks with the Detroit Pirates group during the annual St. Patrick's day parade in Detroit, Michigan on March 16, 2014. Detroit's parade began at noon and featured pipe and drum bands, color... (Associated Press) 
  
 Marin Marx, of Paris, dances in the street during the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) (Associated Press) 
  
 A group standing for diversity marches in the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) (Associated Press) 
  
 A band performs during during the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in Montreal, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Graham Hughes) (Associated Press) 
  
 A spectator smiles as she watches the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in Montreal, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Graham Hughes) (Associated Press) 
  
 Alyssa Bowdre, center left, and Kia Dumas, center right, march with a rainbow flag in an alternative parade that follows behind the traditional St. Patrick's Day parade in the South Boston neighborhood... (Associated Press) 
  
 Parade-goers walk with a large character of Father Solanus Casey during the annual St. Patrick's day parade in Detroit, Michigan on March 16, 2014. Detroit's parade began at noon and featured pipe and... (Associated Press) 
  
 Spectators smile as the watch the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in Montreal, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Graham Hughes) (Associated Press) 
  
 New Democratic Party leader Thomas Mulcair waves to spectators as he takes part in the the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in Montreal, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Graham Hughes) (Associated Press) 
  
 A giant shamrock waves to spectators during the annual St. Patrick's Day parade in Montreal, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Graham Hughes) (Associated Press) 
  
 People watch the annual St. Patrick's Day parade from a roof in the South Boston neighborhood of Boston, Sunday, March 16, 2014. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) (Associated Press) 
  
 New York's Irish, their descendants and the Irish for a day planned to revel in the celebration of culture on Monday, but de Blasio's decision to skip the parade underscores lingering political tensions over gay rights issues in the Northeast. 
  
 Boston's Mayor Martin Walsh opted out of his city's parade on Sunday after talks broke down that would have allowed a gay veterans group to march. Parade organizers said they did not want the event to turn into a demonstration for a particular group, but Walsh said their plans prevented all Boston residents from participating fully. 
  
 Still, thousands of green-clad spectators came out to watch bagpipers and marchers in Boston, and organizers of a float intended to promote diversity threw Mardi Gras-type beads to onlookers. A similar scene played out in downtown Philadelphia. 
  
 In Michigan, parades were Sunday held in Bay City and Detroit, and on Monday, a St. Patrick's Day Parade was scheduled in Cleveland. Cities from Savannah, Ga., to Montreal also hosted festivities over the weekend, and throughout the world, landmarks were bathed in green floodlights. 
  
 Ireland's head of government, Enda Kenny, on Sunday became the first Irish prime minister to attend Boston's annual St. Patrick's Day breakfast. 
  
 Kenny has resisted pressure, in both Ireland and America, to support the gay rights lobby's demand to have equal rights to participate in parades on St. Patrick's Day. 
  
 "The St. Patrick's Day parade (in New York) is a parade about our Irishness and not about sexuality, and I would be happy to participate in it," he said in Dublin before leaving for a six-day trip to the U.S. 
  
 In Ireland, St. Patrick's Day provides the launch of the country's annual push for tourism, a big part of the rural economy. 
  
 "To Irish people by birth or descent, wherever they may be in the world, and to those who simply consider themselves to be friends of Ireland, I wish each and every one of you a happy, peaceful and authentically Irish St. Patrick's Day," Irish President Michael D. Higgins, the ceremonial head of state and guest of honor at Monday's parade in Dublin, said in a statement. 
  
 Parade organizers in New York have said gay groups are not prohibited from marching, but are not allowed to carry gay-friendly signs or identify themselves as LGBT. 
  
 Some LGBT groups were to protest the parade along the parade route on Fifth Avenue on Monday. Others had planned to dump Guinness beer from the shelves of the Stonewall Inn, the birthplace of the gay rights movement, in protest of the brewer's plan to sponsor the parade, but that demonstration was canceled late Sunday after Guinness said in a statement that it had dropped its sponsorship. 
  
 Other beer companies joined the boycotts earlier, with Sam Adams withdrawing its sponsorship of Boston's parade and Heineken following suit in New York. 
  
 New York's parade, a tradition that predates the city itself, draws more than 1 million spectators and about 200,000 participants every March 17. It has long been a mandatory stop on the city's political trail, and includes marching bands, traditional Irish dancers and thousands of uniformed city workers. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writer Shawn Pogatchnik in Dublin contributed to this report. |||||

Summary: