Summarize this article:

A local district attorney says that the probe into Sandra Bland's death after a traffic stop is being treated "like a murder investigation," despite preliminary information indicating that she committed suicide. 
  
 Bland was arrested July 10 after a traffic stop and died three days later in her cell, sparking questions about the manner of her death and outrage. An autopsy found that she died by asphyxiation and that she used a plastic trash bag to hang herself from a partition in her cell. 
  
 "This is being treated like a murder investigation," Waller County District Attorney Elton Mathis said Monday evening. "I want fingerprints run. I want...DNA tests run on the trash bag." 
  
 He also called for "any other valid scientific testing that we have so we can say with certainty what happened in her cell." 
  
 "There are too many questions that still need to be resolved," Mathis added. 
  
 The case is being run by the Texas Rangers and is being supervised by the FBI, Mathis said. But local church pastors say they and Bland’s relatives believe the case should be investigated by Attorney General Loretta Lynch and the Department of Justice. 
  
 Her relatives have called for an independent autopsy to be completed as well, with the results expected by Tuesday. 
  
 The DA's statement about the case came as Capt. Brian Cantrell, of the Waller County Sheriff's Office, gave a more detailed account of what happened after Bland's arrest as their department released three hours of footage from inside the jail. 
  
 Cantrell said that Bland was taken to Waller County Jail after refusing medical attention on the scene after a confrontation with police. 
  
 There, she was placed in a cell alone because she was deemed a "high risk" inmate to the safety of others based on the nature of the charge against her, Cantrell said. 
  
 On the morning of Monday, July 13, jailers checked on Bland and she said she was "fine," according to Cantrell. 
  
 The jailer also said that she could use a phone that was located in the cell using a PIN number. There were no records of a call being made, Cantrell said. 
  
 Just before 9 a.m., when jailers returned to see if she wanted to go to the recreation hall, they found her hanging from the privacy portion of her cell. 
  
 According to Cantrell, they then put her on the ground to administer CPR. 
  
 Preliminary information from the medical examiner's office indicated that she died from self-inflicted asphyxiation, Cantrell said. 
  
 "The death of Miss Bland was a tragic incident, not one of... criminal intent," Cantrell told reporters. He also expressed the department's "sincere condolences" for the death. 
  
 In the wake of the incident, all trash bag liners were removed from the cells at the jail. No jailers have been disciplined as of yet. 
  
 Dash cam footage of the traffic stop may be released Tuesday, Cantrell said. 
  
 Mathis said that Bland appeared to be "very combative" during the traffic stop. 
  
 "It was not a model traffic stop and it was not a model person that was stopped," Mathis told reporters, referring to whether or not Bland was compliant. 
  
 He noted that the dash cam footage may not clarify what happened because much of the activity takes place in Bland's car, of which there was a limited view. 
  
 Supporters of Bland, a 28-year-old woman and Black Lives Matter activist who was arrested July 10 and found dead in her cell three days later, said today they have already seen the dash-cam video that they say shows an officer dragging Bland out of her car and chastising her for smoking in her vehicle. 
  
 "She has the right to smoke in her car. That is her right," the Rev. Jamal Harrison Bryant of Baltimore, who has been working to raise awareness of the case, said at a news conference in Texas this morning. 
  
 Mathis said that the assertion that Bland was pulled out of her car window was untrue. 
  
 Byrant said “there are many questions that must be answered.” 
  
 “We are not satisfied with the explanation that she committed suicide,” he said. 
  
 “We are in a state of emergency here in Texas. We are not afraid of ISIS, we're afraid of the police.” ||||| Authorities in Texas have released a video covering the three hours before Sandra Bland was found dead in her jail cell. NBC Chicago's Phil Rogers reports. (Published Monday, July 20, 2015) 
  
 Texas authorities on Monday released a three-hour video taken from outside a jail cell where an Illinois woman arrested during a traffic stop was found dead. 
  
 The video from a motion-operated camera shows there was no activity for 90 minutes in the hallway leading to the cell where authorities say 28-year-old Sandra Bland was found hanged on July 13, three days after her arrest. 
  
 Video Footage Shows Hours Leading Up to Illinois Woman's Jail Cell Death 
  
 The video from a motion-operated camera shows there was no activity for 90 minutes in the hallway leading to the cell where authorities say 28-year-old Sandra Bland was found hanged on July 13, three days after her arrest. NBC Chicago's Regina Waldroup reports. (Published Monday, July 20, 2015) 
  
 Authorities also said dashcam video of Bland's arrest is expected to be released Tuesday. Waller County District Attorney Elton Mathis said Monday the video is consistent with information the officer has provided about the traffic stop. The Texas Department of Public Safety has said Bland was arrested after she allegedly kicked an officer. 
  
 But Mathis cautioned that the dashcam video shows only restricted views of the stop in Prairie View, Texas. 
  
 The Chicago-area black woman's death at the Waller County jail in Hempstead, about 60 miles northwest of Houston, comes amid increased national scrutiny of police after a series of high-profile cases in which blacks have been killed by officers. The FBI and the Texas Rangers are investigating. 
  
 "This investigation is still being treated just as it would be a murder investigation," Mathis said. 
  
 Bland's death been ruled a suicide by the Harris County Medical Examiner's Office, a finding that supporters and relatives dispute. Bland's family and others have called for a Justice Department probe and an independent autopsy. 
  
 "This was not a case of suicide, but homicide," Rev. Jamal Bryant, of the Empowerment Temple AME Church of Baltimore, said earlier Monday. He said he was in Hempstead at the Bland family's request. 
  
 DPS has said the trooper who stopped Bland violated traffic stop procedures and the department's courtesy policy, but hasn't elaborated further. The trooper is on administrative leave pending the outcome of an investigation. 
  
 Bland may have been trying to text or email in the moments after she was pulled over for an improper lane change, Mathis said Monday. 
  
 "Sandra Bland was very combative," the district attorney said. "It was not a model traffic stop ... and it was not a model person that was stopped on a traffic stop. I think the public can make its own determinations as to the behaviors that are seen in the video." 
  
 The video from the jail released Monday shows no activity in the hallway leading to Bland's cell for about 90 minutes until an officer goes to check on her. 
  
 It shows a deputy reacting to what she sees while looking in the cell, triggering a frenzy of activity involving other deputies. An EMT crew arrives with a wheeled stretcher. The video does not show the inside of her cell or even her cell door. Deputies and medical personnel are seen coming and going, but a body isn't visible. 
  
 Capt. Brian Cantrell, head of the sheriff's department criminal investigation division, said the video was motion sensitive, indicating if nothing is taking place after a certain amount of time, it turns off. He said the FBI has been given hard drives to determine if there's been any manipulation. 
  
 Cantrell said a guard checked with Bland about two hours before she was found dead and Bland told her, "I'm fine." About an hour later, she asked to make a telephone call from her cell and was advised the phone was on a wall in the cell, according to Cantrell. 
  
 There is no record of her ever making a phone call, he said. 
  
 Mathis also said jail records show Bland was offered a medical checkup but declined. 
  
 Cantrell declined to describe Bland's death in detail. He described the plastic garbage bag used as a ligature by extending his hands about 5 to 6 feet apart. 
  
 The bags, he said, had been approved by a jail inspector, but have since been removed from all cells. 
  
 Relatives and friends have insisted she was upbeat and looking forward to a new job at Prairie View A&M University, the school where she graduated in 2009. She was in the area to interview for the job and accepted it. 
  
 Mathis also said the dashcam video doesn't provide a complete view. The trooper's dash cam shows a view forward toward Bland's car, but not inside and not to the side, where she wound up on the ground after authorities said she kicked the officer. 
  
 "It doesn't show how she got on the ground," Cantrell said. 
  
 Copyright Associated Press / NBC Chicago ||||| HEMPSTEAD, Tex. — The authorities on Monday offered new details of the final hours of the life of a Chicago-area woman who was found hanged in a jail cell in Texas three days after she was arrested during a traffic stop. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 A Waller County sheriff’s official described a timeline for the jail cell of the woman, Sandra Bland, that started early in the morning of July 13, when she refused a breakfast tray around 6:30 a.m., until a jailer found her hanging shortly after 9 a.m. For about 90 minutes during that period, there was no movement by jail officials in the hallway leading to her cell, according to a video that the authorities released from a camera inside the jail. 
  
 “This investigation is still being treated just as it would be a murder investigation,” the Waller County district attorney, Elton Mathis, said. He said the case is likely to be turned over to a grand jury expected to be impaneled in August. 
  
 Mr. Mathis said he expected investigators to release a dashboard camera video of Ms. Bland’s arrest on Tuesday. 
  
 “There are too many questions that need to be resolved,” Mr. Mathis told reporters, saying that the Bland family “does make valid points” that Ms. Bland seemed to “have a lot of things going on in her life for good.” 
  
 Capt. Brian Cantrell of the Waller County Sheriff’s Office said that Ms. Bland replied “I’m fine” when a jailer was conducting rounds shortly after 7 a.m. and later inquired about how to make a phone call. But shortly after 9 a.m., a female jailer saw Ms. Bland hanging in her cell and summoned help. Other officers and emergency medical personnel tried unsuccessfully to administer CPR. 
  
 The death of Ms. Bland has set off protests and calls for a federal investigation from her relatives and supporters, who have sharply disputed the official ruling by the Harris County medical examiner that her death was a suicide. They said Ms. Bland, who was black, was a vocal opponent of police brutality, and they have requested an independent autopsy. 
  
 United States Representative Sheila Jackson Lee, a Texas Democrat, on Monday urged the Justice Department to investigate the death. 
  
 Photo 
  
 “Someone’s child died; some young woman died that this family loves, and we owe them an explanation,” Ms. Jackson Lee said in asking Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch to begin an inquiry. “I cannot sense under the facts that I know now that a 28-year-old young woman, excited about a new job, posed a threat to anybody in Waller County, including any law enforcement officer.” 
  
 The Texas Department of Public Safety has said the Texas Rangers and the F.B.I. are also investigating the case. 
  
 Hempstead, the county seat of Waller County, is about 60 miles northwest of Houston. Ms. Bland had come to the county from her home in Naperville, Ill., for a job at Prairie View A&M; University. 
  
 Ms. Bland was arrested on July 10 in Waller County by an officer with the Department of Public Safety on a charge of assaulting a public servant. She had been pulled over for failing to signal a lane change. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 A lawyer for the family, Cannon Lambert, told NBC News that the dashcam video showed that the encounter between Ms. Bland and the state trooper became confrontational after she refused the officer’s demand to put out a cigarette. 
  
 The authorities said she hanged herself with a plastic bag, resulting in death by self-inflicted asphyxiation. 
  
 A handful of supporters of Ms. Bland gathered Monday in sweltering midday heat outside the Waller County Sheriff’s Office, which holds the jail cell where she died, continuing a vigil that began last week. Brandi Holmes of Houston held a sign reading, “What happened to Sandy Bland?” Another sign read, “State police profiling — you stopped her for what.” 
  
 The Rev. David Madison, president of the A.M.E. Ministers Alliance in Houston, said the demonstrators were united behind the calls for a Justice Department investigation. 
  
 “We’re not accepting the report of death suicide,” said the minister, who is pastor of the Greater Ward A.M.E. Church in Houston. “Sandra Bland had just moved from Chicago to Houston to start a new job. You don’t come all the way to Houston just to kill yourself.” 
  
 The death has fueled additional tensions over the treatment of African-Americans in police custody and comes roughly three months after the death of Freddie Gray, 25, an unarmed African-American in Baltimore who died from injuries sustained while being transported in a police van. 
  
 Photo 
  
 Ms. Jackson Lee was among a bipartisan group of Houston-area officials who were in Hempstead over the week to express concern about the case and meet with members of Ms. Bland’s family. The group included Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, a Republican; State Senator Rodney Ellis, a Houston Democrat; and State Senator Lois Kolkhorst, a Republican from Brenham. |||||