Article:

Pakistani Muslim demonstrators react beside the portrait of Florida pastor Terry Jones during a protest against an anti-Islam film in Quetta. More than 50 people have died around the world in violence linked to the low-budget movie, which mocks Islam and the Prophet Mohammed, since the first demonstrations erupted on September 11. 
  
 Sept. 24, 2012 Pakistani Muslim demonstrators react beside the portrait of Florida pastor Terry Jones during a protest against an anti-Islam film in Quetta. More than 50 people have died around the world in violence linked to the low-budget movie, which mocks Islam and the Prophet Mohammed, since the first demonstrations erupted on September 11. BANARAS KHAN/AFP/GETTY IMAGES 
  
 The protests that started outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo have spread as far as India. 
  
 The protests that started outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo have spread as far as India. 
  
 The protests that started outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo have spread as far as India. 
  
 Republicans escalated their charges against the Obama administration for alleged failures in handling last month’s Libya attack, thrusting the death of the U.S. ambassador there into the center of the presidential campaign Friday. 
  
 Mitt Romney accused his rival of “doubling down on denial” about the true origins of the Sept. 11 siege in Benghazi, which senior Obama officials initially said appeared to be an outgrowth of anti-American protests, not terrorism. Whether the administration has truthfully disclosed what it knew about the perpetrators of the attacks became a flash point in Thursday night’s debate, when Vice President Biden blamed the administration’s shifting explanations on U.S. intelligence agencies. 
  
 “There were more questions that came out last night because the vice president directly contradicted the testimony of State Department officials,” Romney told supporters Friday at a campaign event in Richmond. “American citizens have a right to know just what’s going on.” 
  
 Earlier in the week, State Department officials had said that they had not received reports of protests outside the compound before the killings. But Biden said the explanation that the attacks grew from a protest — rather than from terrorists determined to hit the consulate — persisted “because that’s exactly what we were told” by intelligence officials. 
  
 After trying for weeks to portray the deaths in Benghazi as part of a larger failure of Obama’s foreign policy, Republicans now sense their first real opening on national security, an area that has long been considered one of the president’s strengths. It was an unexpected twist that the administration seemed to grow more vulnerable following the debate between Biden, a veteran of global diplomacy and the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Ryan, a relative novice whose expertise is the domestic budget. 
  
 1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Romney on the campaign trail View Photos Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, buoyed by his performance in the Oct. 3 presidential debate, has been making more of a presence in Virginia this past week, speaking at a campaign rally in Richmond and elsewhere throughout the swing state. Caption The GOP presidential nominee took a break from campaigning over the weekend to prepare for Tuesday’s debate. Oct. 16, 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney boards the campaign plane in Boston en route to New York for Tuesday's presidential debate. Melina Mara/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. 
  
 Obama officials moved swiftly Friday to blunt further fallout, first during the White House briefing and later in a speech by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
  
 “There is nobody in the administration motivated by anything other than trying to understand what happened,” Clinton said. “We do not have all the answers. No one in this administration has ever claimed otherwise.” 
  
 In Thursday’s debate, Republican vice-presidential nominee Paul Ryan raised the possibility that the White House had blamed the attacks on anti-American protests at first because a successful terrorist attack would blemish Obama’s national security credentials. The successful killing of Osama bin Laden is a stock Obama campaign theme, and he frequently tells audiences that his administration has al-Qaeda “on its heels.” 
  
 “Look, if we are hit by terrorists, we’re going to call it for what it is — a terrorist attack,” Ryan said. Romney continued that theme Friday, telling voters at a campaign rally that he would investigate the varying accounts. 
  
 There are multiple investigations into the attack: an FBI probe into the deaths of the four Americans, an independent inquiry by a panel appointed by Clinton and at least two congressional probes. 
  
 As Republicans pounced on Biden’s remarks, White House press secretary Jay Carney and Clinton said Friday that there was no selective use of intelligence about the attacks. 
  
 “We have been very transparent about what we know,” Carney said. “As hours and days and weeks have passed by and more facts have come to light and more has been revealed through the investigations underway, that, you know, we have gained a clearer picture of what happened and what did not happen.” 
  
 Administration accounts have evolved because information about the attacks has evolved, Clinton said. 
  
 “We are providing the best information we have at that time and that information continues to be updated, it also continues to be put into context and more deeply understood through the process we are engaged in,” she said. 
  
 Another point of contention is whether the White House should have been alerted to requests by security officials for more manpower ahead of the Benghazi attack. Biden suggested on Thursday night that the security requests had not made their way back to Washington — a claim that was quickly contested. 
  
 Two former security officials testified before Congress this week that they had made requests for more manpower that were either ignored or rejected. Senior State Department officials acknowledged the requests but said there was no evidence that additional security would have prevented the attack. On Friday, administration officials clarified that what Biden said during the Thursday debate — that “we did not know they wanted more security” — meant only that the White House had not been informed of the threat by the State Department, not that no one in the administration had been informed. 
  
 “There was no actionable intelligence regarding the Benghazi facility” that could have been used to prevent the attack, Carney said, and continued questions about what the administration knew are “an effort here to politicize this, to turn this into an issue in the campaign.” 
  
 Carney and congressional Democrats have said some of the Republicans now criticizing embassy security had voted to cut the State Department’s security budget. Republicans counter that Democrats also voted for smaller security budgets. 
  
 In separate remarks Friday, Clinton repeatedly vowed to find out what happened and to do everything possible to protect diplomats in the field. But she said the business of diplomacy, like combat, involves a calculated risk. 
  
 “We will not retreat,” she said in a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington think tank. 
  
 “We will never prevent every act of violence or terrorism, or achieve perfect security,” Clinton said. “Our people can’t live in bunkers and do their jobs. But it is our solemn responsibility to constantly improve, to reduce the risks our people face and make sure they have the resources they need to do their jobs.” 
  
 She spoke a day after a Yemeni security official at the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa was killed on his way to work. 
  
 Ed O’Keefe contributed to this report from Richmond. David Nakamura contributed from Washington. ||||| LANCASTER, OHIO — Mitt Romney continued Friday to hammer President Barack Obama on his handling of the Benghazi terrorist attacks. 
  
 In a pair of campaign rallies, the Republican presidential candidate and his running mate Paul Ryan took direct aim at Obama and his administration over allegations of mishandled security in Libya and contradictory statements issued afterward. 
  
 Text Size - 
  
 + 
  
 reset 
  
 “Yesterday I raised some questions about Benghazi and the tragedy that occurred there, and there are more questions that came out of last night because the vice president directly contradicted the sworn testimony of State Department officials,” Romney said at an afternoon campaign rally in Richmond, Va. “He’s doubling down on denial, and we need to understand exactly what happened. … American citizens have a right to know just what is going on and we’re going to find out.” 
  
 Ryan took up the mantle in Lancaster, Ohio. Speaking before a packed crowd Ryan said, “We’re talking about blame. First they blame a YouTube video and a nonexistent riot, then when the country is getting upset about it, they blame Romney-Ryan for getting people upset about it.” 
  
 “They keep changing their story. This is not what leadership looks like,” he added. 
  
 The push to emphasize Obama’s foreign policy and concerns in Libya comes a day after Vice President Joe Biden and Ryan faced off over the issue in their only debate of the campaign. The pair traded barbs on Libya after Ryan criticized the Obama administration’s lack of “leadership” in dealing with the issue. To which Biden responded that the claim was “a bunch of malarkey” and said that Republicans would cut embassy funding “$300 million below what we asked for.” 
  
 The Obama administration has come under attack for security decisions it made in Benghazi and for not increasing security after State Department personnel reportedly asked for it. 
  
 The administration had originally blamed the attack on riots and downplayed any connections with terrorists, but has since backed away from those statements. ||||| WASHINGTON — In the weeks leading up to the attack last month on the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, that killed Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans, diplomats on the ground sounded increasingly urgent alarms. In a stream of diplomatic cables, embassy security officers warned their superiors at the State Department of a worsening threat from Islamic extremists, and requested that the teams of military personnel and State Department security guards who were already on duty be kept in service. 
  
 The requests were denied, but they were largely focused on extending the tours of security guards at the American Embassy in Tripoli — not at the diplomatic compound in Benghazi, 400 miles away. And State Department officials testified this week during a hearing by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee that extending the tour of additional guards — a 16-member military security team — through mid-September would not have changed the bloody outcome because they were based in Tripoli, not Benghazi. 
  
 The handling of these requests has now been caught up in a sharply partisan debate over whether the Obama administration underestimated the terrorist threat in Libya. In a debate with Representative Paul D. Ryan on Thursday night, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said White House officials were not told about requests for any additional security. “We weren’t told they wanted more security again,” Mr. Biden said. 
  
 The Romney campaign on Friday pounced on the conflicting statements, accusing Mr. Biden of continuing to deny the nature of the attack. The White House scrambled to explain the apparent contradiction between Mr. Biden’s statement and the testimony from State Department officials at the House hearing. 
  
 The White House spokesman, Jay Carney, said Friday that security issues related to diplomatic posts in Libya and other countries were dealt with at the State Department, not the White House. Based on interviews with administration officials, as well as in diplomatic cables, and Congressional testimony, those security decisions appear to have been made largely by midlevel State Department security officials, and did not involve Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton or her top aides. 
  
 While it is unclear what impact a handful of highly trained additional guards might have had in Benghazi were they able to deploy there, some State Department officials said it would probably not have made any difference in blunting the Sept. 11 assault from several dozen heavily armed militants. 
  
 “An attack of that kind of lethality, we’re never going to have enough guns,” Patrick F. Kennedy, under secretary of state for management, said at Wednesday’s hearing. “We are not an armed camp ready to fight it out.” 
  
 A senior administration official said that the military team, which was authorized by a directive from Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta, was never intended to have an open-ended or Libya-wide mission. 
  
 “This was not a SWAT team with a DC-3 on alert to jet them off to other cities in Libya to respond to security issues,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the matter. 
  
 Security in Benghazi had been a growing concern for American diplomats this year. In April, the convoy of the United Nations special envoy for Libya was attacked there. In early June, a two-vehicle convoy carrying the British ambassador came under attack by rocket-propelled grenades. Militants struck the American mission with a homemade bomb, but no one was hurt. In late June, the Red Cross was attacked and the organization pulled out. 
  
 “We were the last thing on their target list to remove from Benghazi,” Lt. Col. Andrew Wood of the Utah National Guard, who was deployed in Tripoli as the leader of the American military security unit, told the House committee. 
  
 But friends and colleagues of Ambassador Stevens said he was adamant about maintaining an American presence in Benghazi, the heart of the opposition to the Qaddafi government. |||||
What is a summary?