Given the question: Information:  - The Master of Business Administration (MBA or M.B.A.) is a master's degree in business administration (management). The MBA degree originated in the United States in the early 20th century when the country industrialized and companies sought scientific approaches to management. The core courses in an MBA program cover various areas of business such as accounting, finance, marketing, human resources, and operations in a manner most relevant to management analysis and strategy. Most programs also include elective courses.  - The Doctor of Business Administration (abbreviated DBA or D.B.A.) is a research doctorate awarded on the basis of advanced study and research in the field of business administration. The D.B.A. is a terminal degree in business administration, and is equivalent to the Ph.D in Business Administration. Successful completion of a D.B.A. is often required to gain employment as a university professor or researcher in the field. As with other earned research doctorates, individuals with the degree use the title "Doctor" in their name. The post-nominal letters "D.B.A." or "DBA" are often used as well.  - Deakin Graduate School of Business provides Deakin University 's major postgraduate business programs covering Master of Business Administration , Master of Commerce , Master of International Business , Master of Marketing , and Doctor of Business Administration courses as well as Executive Development programs . A range of graduate certificate and diploma courses is offered as well . Approximately 3000 students are engaged in higher degrees by coursework or research , and other courses at the business school . In each year since 2008 , the Graduate Management Association of Australia ( GMAA ) awarded Deakin 's generalist MBA course the maximum score of five stars , placing it in the top rank of Australia 's MBA courses .  - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.  - Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations. The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494. Accounting, which has been called the "language of business", measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users, including investors, creditors, management, and regulators. Practitioners of accounting are known as accountants. The terms "accounting" and "financial reporting" are often used as synonyms.  - International business comprises all commercial transactions (private and governmental, sales, investments, logistics, and transportation) that take place between two or more regions, countries and nations beyond their political boundaries. Usually, private companies undertake transactions for profit; governments undertake them for profit and for political reasons. The term "international business" refers to all those business activities which involve cross-border transactions of goods, services, and resources between two or more nations. Transactions of economic resources include capital, skills, people etc. for the purpose of the international production of physical goods and services such as finance, banking, insurance, construction etc.  - Professor (commonly abbreviated as "prof.") is an academic rank at universities and other post-secondary education and research institutions in most countries. Literally, "professor" derives from Latin as a "person who professes" being usually an expert in arts or sciences, a teacher of the highest rank.  - Analysis is the process of breaking a complex topic or substance into smaller parts in order to gain a better understanding of it. The technique has been applied in the study of mathematics and logic since before Aristotle (384322 B.C.), though "analysis" as a formal concept is a relatively recent development.  - Post-nominal letters, also called post-nominal initials, post-nominal titles or designatory letters, are letters placed after a person's name to indicate that that individual holds a position, academic degree, accreditation, office, military decoration, or honour, or is a member of a religious institute or fraternity. An individual may use several different sets of post-nominal letters, but in some contexts it may be customary to limit the number of sets to one or just a few. The order in which post-nominals are listed after a name is based on rules of precedence and what is appropriate for a given situation. Post-nominal letters are one of the main types of name suffix. In contrast, pre-nominal letters precede the name rather than following it.  - A master's degree (from Latin "magister") is a second-cycle academic degree awarded by universities or colleges upon completion of a course of study demonstrating mastery or a high-order overview of a specific field of study or area of professional practice. A master's degree normally requires previous study at the bachelor's level, either as a separate degree or as part of an integrated course. Within the area studied, master's graduates are expected to possess advanced knowledge of a specialized body of theoretical and applied topics; high order skills in analysis, critical evaluation, or professional application; and the ability to solve complex problems and think rigorously and independently.  - A terminal degree is a university degree that is either highest on the academic track or highest on the professional track in a given field of study. The phrase "terminal degree" is used heavily in the United States, but is used less often outside of that country. The term is not generally used in the United Kingdom or Canada, for example, and its exact meaning varies somewhat between those areas and disciplines in which the term is used.  - A doctorate (from Latin "docere", "to teach") or doctor's degree (from Latin "doctor", "teacher") or doctoral degree (from the ancient formalism "licentia docendi") is an academic degree awarded by universities that is, in most countries, a research degree that qualifies the holder to teach at the university level in the degree's field, or to work in a specific profession. There are a variety of doctoral degrees, with the most common being the Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), which is awarded in many different fields, ranging from the humanities to the scientific disciplines. There are also some doctorates in the US, such as the Juris Doctor (JD), Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) and the Doctor of Medicine (MD), which are generally regarded internationally as professional degrees rather than doctorates, as they are not research degrees and no defense of any dissertation or thesis is performed. Many universities also award "honorary doctorates" to individuals who have been deemed worthy of special recognition, either for scholarly work or for other contributions to the university or to society.  - The Master of International Business (M.I.B. or MIB) is a master's degree designed to develop the capabilities and resources of managers in the global economy. It is ideal for those seeking to establish or accelerate a career in international business.  - A Bachelor of Commerce ("baccalaureus commercii", abbreviated B.Com. or B.Comm.) is an undergraduate degree in commerce (or business) and related subjects, usually awarded in Canada, Australia, India, Ireland, New Zealand, Pakistan, South Africa and other Commonwealth countries; however, the degree is no longer offered in the United Kingdom.   - Higher education, post-secondary education, or third level education is an optional final stage of formal learning that occurs after completion of secondary education. Often delivered at universities, academies, colleges, seminaries, and institutes of technology, higher education is also available through certain college-level institutions, including vocational schools, trade schools, and other career colleges that award academic degrees or professional certifications. Tertiary education at non-degree level is sometimes referred to as further education or continuing education as distinct from higher education.  - Management (or managing) is the administration of an organization, whether it be a business, a not-for-profit organization, or government body. Management includes the activities of setting the strategy of an organization and coordinating the efforts of its employees or volunteers to accomplish its objectives through the application of available resources, such as financial, natural, technological, and human resources. The term "management" may also refer to the people who manage an organization.  - Deakin University is an Australian public university with approximately 50,644 higher education students in 2014. Established in 1974, the University was named after the leader of the Australian federation movement and the nation's second Prime Minister, Alfred Deakin. It has campuses in Geelong, Warrnambool and Burwood, Melbourne and learning centres in Dandenong, Craigieburn and Werribee, all in the state of Victoria. It was formally established in 1974 with the passage of the "Deakin University Act 1974". The sale of Stonnington Mansion by Deakin provoked public outrage as it involved the mansion which was at risk of redevelopment by property developers. Deakin is one of Australia's fastest growing research universities. Its combined research funding had increased from A$4.5 million in 1997 to A$43.4 million in 2014.  - Geelong is a port city located on Corio Bay and the Barwon River, in the state of Victoria, Australia, south-west of the state capital, Melbourne. It is the second largest Victorian city, with an estimated urban population of 187,417 as at June 2015, having grown 1.8 percent since June 2014.  - Commerce is the activity of buying and selling of goods and services, especially on a large scale. The system includes legal, economic, political, social, cultural and technological systems that are in operation in any country or internationally. Thus, commerce is a system or an environment that affects the business prospects of economies. It can also be defined as a component of business which includes all activities, functions involved in transferring goods from producers to consumers.   - Master of Commerce (MCom or M Comm; sometimes "Magister Commercii") is a postgraduate Masters Degree focusing on commerce-, accounting-, management- and economics-related subjects. Like the undergraduate Bachelor of Commerce, the degree is offered in Commonwealths nations.  - Economics (, ) is a social science concerned with the factors that determine the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services. The term "economics" comes from the Ancient Greek from (', pronounced "eekos", "house") and (', "custom" or "law"), hence "rules of the house (hold for good management)". 'Political economy' was the earlier name for the subject, but economists in the late 19th century suggested "economics" as a shorter term for "economic science" to establish itself as a separate discipline outside of political science and other social sciences.  - Alfred Deakin (3 August 18567 October 1919) was a leader of the movement for Australian federation and later the second Prime Minister of Australia. Deakin was a major contributor to the establishment of liberal reforms in the colony of Victoria, including pro-worker industrial reforms. He also played a major part in establishing irrigation in Australia.  - Research comprises "creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowledge, including knowledge of humans, culture and society, and the use of this stock of knowledge to devise new applications." It is used to establish or confirm facts, reaffirm the results of previous work, solve new or existing problems, support theorems, or develop new theories. A research project may also be an expansion on past work in the field. Research projects can be used to develop further knowledge on a topic, or in the example of a school research project, they can be used to further a student's research prowess to prepare them for future jobs or reports. To test the validity of instruments, procedures, or experiments, research may replicate elements of prior projects or the project as a whole. The primary purposes of basic research (as opposed to applied research) are documentation, discovery, interpretation, or the research and development (R&D) of methods and systems for the advancement of human knowledge. Approaches to research depend on epistemologies, which vary considerably both within and between humanities and sciences. There are several forms of research: scientific, humanities, artistic, economic, social, business, marketing, practitioner research, life, technological,etc.  - Business administration is management of a business. It includes all aspects of overseeing and supervising business operations.  - A public university is a university that is predominantly funded by public means through a national or subnational government, as opposed to private universities. Whether a national university is considered public varies from one country (or region) to another, largely depending on the specific education landscape.     Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'deakin business school'.  Choices: - africa  - australia  - canada  - canberra  - com  - commerce  - cross  - east timor  - geelong  - india  - indonesia  - mainland  - melbourne  - most  - of  - papua  - post  - river  - south  - sydney  - tasmania  - united kingdom  - university  - victoria  - werribee
The answer is: