Write a summary based on this article:

Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. ||||| We're guessing Justin Bieber has a Google alert set up for his name. 
  
 The 19-year-old singer went into full meltdown mode on Wednesday, slamming "fake stories" that are used to sell papers. The pop star has had a rough couple days, what with turning 19 and having the "worst birthday," being told to put his "f**king shirt on" by Olivia Wilde and getting flak for showing up late at a London gig. 
  
 It's apparently too much for the Biebs to handle, as he turned to Twitter, unleashing a 13-tweet rant: 
  
 rumors rumors and more rumors. nothing more nothing less. might talk about them 1 day. rt now im just gonna be positive. cant bring me down. im focused on the good things in life. im blessed and not forgetting it. im giving back every day for it. cant phase me. fake stories to sell papers i guess are part of the job. but im a good person. i know that. u cant tell me different. we know the truth as long as my family, friends, and fans r with me u can say whatever. we are all equal in God's eyes & we have a responsibility to each other. 
  
 Bieber then began addressing specific reports, writing: 
  
 So make up stories about fake fines and make no mention of the positive....or say when i came out of my show with my shirt off because after performing for 2 hours i might be sweaty i was going into a club (really?) or any girl i stand next to is my girl or that i dont care, or that i dont feel, or that a 19 year old going to a club in europe is wild... 
  
 He continued his rant, writing that he understands that being judged by others is part of his job as a pop star, but he'd like everyone to judge him on the facts and on his music: 
  
 and be careful of the judgement u pass but know this...im only judged by one power, and i serve him. so yeah I will continue being me. i will continue to serve, to perform, to care, to love, to smile, to dance, to play, to sing...and u are welcome to join, because i carry no hate. We got to much love for that. Im about the music. 
  
 Bieber concluded his mini Twitter breakdown by writing, "Gonna enjoy the day and keep smiling. so should all of u. Much love. i see u #beliebers = i love u. now back to this music." 
  
 Also on HuffPost: ||||| Young girls might be swooning over a shirtless Justin Bieber, but apparently 20-somethings aren't as hot and bothered. (Thank goodness). 
  
 Actress Olivia Wilde, 28, took to Twitter to call out birthday boy Bieber for parading his bare chest around London on March 1, tweeting: 
  
 Bieber, put your fucking shirt on. (unless you lost all your shirts in a fire in which case my condolences and please purchase a new shirt.) — olivia wilde (@oliviawilde) March 2, 2013 
  
 Come on, isn't that what we were all thinking anyway? 
  
 Of course, Wilde got some backlash from Beliebers, who tweeted her messages like: 
  
 @oliviawilde r u a lesbian or r u too old — batman ∞ (@ShakeitBieber) March 3, 2013 
  
 Bieber has had his fair share of drama over the last few weeks, but this weekend proved to be one of his toughest. The singer, who turned 19 on Friday, tweeted that he had the "worst birthday" after club security cut short his party in London. Biebs was criticized for bringing underage pals, including Jaden Smith, 14, and new flame Ella-Paige Roberts Clarke, 17, to a nightclub, which he says wasn't the case. 
  
 Sometimes u just wanna vent and not be quiet. I love my fans though. Just gonna chill with friends. London shows this week — Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) March 4, 2013 
  
 Also on HuffPost: ||||| You think Justin Bieber has been a tad bit wild lately? 
  
 Well, it doesn’t look like it’s going to stop anytime soon! 
  
 The Biebs might seem like he's reacting to his devastating teenage heartbreak due to his wrecked romance with Selena Gomez, but this oddball behavior might have been in him all along. 
  
 According to sources, the only reason we haven’t seen the shirtless, Twitter complaining, late concert giving, sad birthday boy side before is because Selenita kept that shizz in check! 
  
 A source revealed his team needed Selena to make the magic that is Justin happen: 
  
 “They’d get her to convince him to do things he needed to do. He’d listen to her.” 
  
 The power of women! 
  
 We just hope he can keep it together on his own because he’s got a lot of little Beliebers counting on him. 
  
 If not, it might be time to start shopping for a Selena replacement! 
  
 Hurry, someone call Disney! 
  
 [Image via WENN.] 
  
 Tags: break up, disney, justin bieber, out of control, party, partying, relationship, selena gomez, twitter, wild ||||| Getty (4) 
  
 Back when Justin Bieber first started wearing drop-crotch trousers in November, we did our best to convince him to ditch the unflattering trend with this open letter. 
  
 But we should have realized the quickest way to get a teenage boy to do something is to tell him not to do it. That’s why it doesn’t surprise us that the Biebs has been all about this look lately, wearing the questionable style nonstop over the past two weeks. 
  
  
  
 He’s strutted around in them while shopping, making appearances, out at a club — and it even appears that a pair of tight-at-the-calves, loose-at-the-crotch white pants are part of the singer’s official tour uniform. (He’s worn them to all his concerts in the U.K. so far.) 
  
 And while Bieber is loyal to this one silhouette, he’s not picky about the color, print or style, sporting a blue canvas pair one day, a purple cheetah pair the next, then continuing the streak with a leather design he’s clearly quite taken with. 
  
 The more he wears the pants, the more confused we become. Bieber can’t possibly like the way the pants look, right? So he must be putting them on for some other reason. Here are some explanations we came up with: 
  
 •One of the last outfits Selena Gomez saw him in before the two split included a pair of these perplexing pants. This is his way of reminding her that despite all the stories, he’s still the same guy she used to be in love with. 
  
 •Being the fashion-forward dude that he is, he’s noticed that a skinnier leg is en vogue with men, but the allover supertight style isn’t compatible with his dance moves. So he had to find a type of pant that combined flexibility with fashion. Et voilá: the drop-crotch pant. 
  
 •He’s trying to become a spokesperson for the Association of People With Long Torsos and Short Legs. 
  
 Tell us: What do you think of Justin Bieber’s drop-crotch pants? Can you think of any other reasons why he might be wearing them? 
  
 –Zoë Ruderman 
  
 PHOTOS: VOTE ON MORE CONTROVERSIAL STAR STYLES HERE! ||||| Justin Bieber's current tour may be remembered for the debacle at London's O2, where weeping fans and furious parents endured a two-hour wait for his eventual appearance, but the defining image of his UK visit appeared in the press last week. In a carpark outside a venue, a shirtless Bieber poses on a Segway, the vehicle of choice for only the most discerning pop pranny. He's wearing driving gloves, of course; one is raised so that he can show two fingers to the photographer. More tellingly, behind him, ignored by a star preoccupied with having his photograph taken and kept at a safe distance by steel security gates, a pack of fans struggles to make contact. But while a dismissive attitude to fans is one thing, is there more to Bieber's troubles? 
  
 1. The drugs 
  
 After Bieber was photographed at a Lil Twist soiree holding what looked like a spliff, he declared that he was "trying to be better". He certainly seems to have got better, if only at making sure he is not photographed with things that look like drugs. 
  
 everyday growing and learning. trying to be better. u get knocked down, u get up. — Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) January 5, 2013 
  
 2. The cheese 
  
 On last year's otherwise excellent single Boyfriend, Bieber advocated the use of fondue. In the future we will all know that the warning signs were there, yet we did nothing. 
  
 Reading this on mobile? Click here to view the video 
  
 3. The acoustic album 
  
 Bieber's quest for the approval of his desired peer group flits between the ridiculous and the hopelessly endearing, but his current project, an acoustic collection designed to show that he is a real artist, is particularly noteworthy. As keen pop-watchers will be well aware, this is a reliable signifier of Imminent Oblivion. 
  
 Reading this on mobile? Click here to view the video 
  
 4. The bad birthday 
  
 "Big night ahead," Justin tweeted over the weekend, on the evening of his birthday. All went quiet for a few hours, leaving 35 million Twitter followers to imagine the high-spirited celebration LOLs being executed by Bieber and friends. With exquisite comic timing, Bieber's next tweet, the following morning, was a simple two-word message: "Worst birthday". It turned out that some of Bieber's friends had been turned away from the club he wanted to visit for being underage. Heartbreaking. 
  
 Worst birthday — Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) March 2, 2013 
  
 5. And he was like tardy, tardy, tardy oh 
  
 Nobody who has subjected themselves to the endless stream of portentous selfies on Bieber's Instagram account will be remotely surprised that the formidably self-obsessed teen didn't bother apologising to fans until the next day, when a PR disaster was threatening to affect his career, and even then only with phrases such as "I'm not OK with things being exaggerated" thrown into his statement. 
  
 i never have any intent to upset or let anyone down. and Im not okay with things being exaggerated. once again sorry for anyone upset. — Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) March 5, 2013 
  
 Despite all this, let's not get ahead of ourselves. "Weed is not necessarily a problem," one fan recently noted. "He should just enjoy his life; nothing's wrong, he's not doing anything bad or anything." Admittedly the fan in question was Mike Tyson, but if a stand-up guy like Mike reckons there's nothing wrong, there's nothing wrong, right? Right! ||||| Selena Gomez doesn’t plan on getting back together with Justin Bieber,and a close pal exclusively tells RadarOnline.com the former Disney star is looking to date an older man this go around after splitting with “that toxic toddler.” 
  
 After dating on and off for nearly two years the couple finally split for good just before New Year’s Eve while vacationing in Mexico together, and Justin’s immature behavior was to blame. 
  
 PHOTOS: Selena Gomez Wears Sexy Suit To Berlin Premiere 
  
 “Selena is looking to date an older man this time,” a pal of the 20-year-old singer and Spring Breakers actress exclusively told Radar. 
  
 “She finally realized how toxic it was to date a toddler like Justin.” 
  
 According to the friend, Selena has been focused sharply on her career and isn’t worrying so much about matters of the heart. 
  
 PHOTOS: Selena Gomez In Her Bikini 
  
 “Selena is doing really well and feels like a weight has been lifted off her shoulders now that Justin is out of the picture,” the source said. 
  
 “She finds Justin to be embarrassing since their breakup. He’s turned into exactly the kind of person she’d never want to be with.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Selena Gomez Strips Down Into A Striped Bikini 
  
 As RadarOnline.com exclusively reported last month, the Canadian pop star has been on a dangerous downward spiral since December with one source saying his reputation has been “drastically tarnished in a really short time span simply because of the company he’s keeping.” 
  
 Aside from recently being booed by British fans for arriving two hours late to his concert, a paparazzo was hit and killed while following Justin’s white Ferrari (driven by pal Lil Twist), photos leaked online of Justin smoking what appeared to be marijuana while surrounded by a group of friends, he embarked on a steamy sex romp with a nursing student named Milyn “Mimi” Jensen according to Star magazine, and his Ferrari was once again pulled over by police, twice in two days — both times with his pal Lil Za at the wheel without a valid driver’s license — and a photo of Justin allegedly groping a fan’s breast was published. 
  
 PHOTOS: Selena Gomez – Sexy & Single At Magazine Cover Party 
  
 “For now Selena isn’t concerned one bit with Justin’s boyish antics. It’s the last thing she cares about,” the pal said. 
  
 “Her sights are set on a much more mature man who won’t embarrass her or cause childish fights for no reason.” ||||| Even famous people are capable of having a bad day. 
  
 Or, in the case of Justin Bieber, a very, very bad week. 
  
 The uber-famous star has been dealing with criticisms, disappointed fans and more ever since his 19th birthday party went horribly wrong last Friday in London. In fact, it’s already gone down as the worst trip Across the Pond since that time Mitt Romney came to town and everyone got upset. 
  
 So what the heck happened to poor ol’ Biebs? And, more importantly, when is the bleeding going to stop? 
  
 Check out the timeline of events, below, then share your condolences in the comments. 
  
 It all started with a tweet. 
  
 And everyone thought it was about Lil Twist getting pulled over in Bieber’s car. 
  
  
  
 But then reports circulated that his party at London’s Cirque du Soir ended in five minutes. 
  
 And then his fans got all sad and defensive, thinking the paparazzi was to blame again. 
  
 And then Cirque du Soir got all mad, alleging that Bieber tried to get underage people like Jaden Smith, 14, into the club. 
  
 And then Bieber got mad. Really mad. 
  
  
  
 And then Jaden went from Bieber to Kylie Jenner, because, why not? 
  
 And his fans went from sad and defensive to mad and impatient, because Bieber showed up late to his concert. 
  
 And then Bieber got kind of sad. 
  
 And now we’re kind of sad, too. 
  
 Cheer up, Biebs! There’s nowhere to go but up. 
  
 We still love you Biebs. Yours, Celebuzz. |||||

Summary: