News article:

The ancient underwater remains of a long lost Greek city were in fact created by a naturally occurring phenomenon – according to joint research from the University of East Anglia and the University of Athens (Greece). 
  
 When underwater divers discovered what looked like paved floors, courtyards and colonnades, they thought they had found the ruins of a long-forgotten civilization that perished when tidal waves hit the shores of the Greek holiday island Zakynthos. 
  
 But new research published today reveals that the site was created by a natural geological phenomenon that took place in the Pliocene era - up to five million years ago. 
  
 Lead author Prof Julian Andrews, from UEA’s School of Environmental Sciences, said: “The site was discovered by snorkelers and first thought to be an ancient city port, lost to the sea. There were what superficially looked like circular column bases, and paved floors. But mysteriously no other signs of life – such as pottery.” 
  
 The bizarre discovery, found close to Alikanas Bay, was carefully examined in situ by the Ephorate of Underwater Antiquities of Greece. 
  
 Archaeologist Magda Athanasoula and diver Petros Tsampourakis studied the site, together with Prof Michael Stamatakis from the Department of Geology and Geoenvironment at the University of Athens (UoA). 
  
 After the preliminary mineralogical and chemical analyses, a scientific research team was formed, composed of UoA and UEA staff. 
  
 The research team went on to investigate in detail the mineral content and texture of the underwater formation in minute detail, using microscopy, X-ray and stable isotope techniques. 
  
 Prof Andrews said: “We investigated the site, which is between two and five meters under water, and found that it is actually a natural geologically occurring phenomenon. 
  
 “The disk and doughnut morphology, which looked a bit like circular column bases, is typical of mineralization at hydrocarbon seeps - seen both in modern seafloor and palaeo settings. 
  
 “We found that the linear distribution of these doughnut shaped concretions is likely the result of a sub-surface fault which has not fully ruptured the surface of the sea bed. The fault allowed gases, particularly methane, to escape from depth. 
  
 “Microbes in the sediment use the carbon in methane as fuel. Microbe-driven oxidation of the methane then changes the chemistry of the sediment forming a kind of natural cement, known to geologists as concretion. 
  
 “In this case the cement was an unusual mineral called dolomite which rarely forms in seawater, but can be quite common in microbe-rich sediments. 
  
 “These concretions were then exhumed by erosion to be exposed on the seabed today. 
  
 “This kind of phenomenon is quite rare in shallow waters. Most similar discoveries tend to be many hundreds and often thousands of meters deep underwater. 
  
 “These features are proof of natural methane seeping out of rock from hydrocarbon reservoirs. The same thing happens in the North Sea, and it is also similar to the effects of fracking, when humans essentially speed up or enhance the phenomena.” 
  
 ‘Exhumed hydrocarbon-seep authigenic carbonates from Zakynthos island (Greece): Concretions not archaeological remains’ is published in the journal Marine and Petroleum Geology. 
  
 Study Environmental Sciences at UEA 
  
 More brilliant research ||||| Several years ago, a group of snorkelers swimming near the Greek island of Zakynthos were amazed to discover what at first seemed like the ruins of an ancient city—strange stone cylinders and what appeared to be cobblestones set into the seafloor. The find set off speculation about the discovery of a long-lost city built by the ancient Greeks, but according to a new study published in the journal Marine and Petroleum Geology, these strangely-shaped rocks actually formed naturally over millions of years. 
  
 Related Content Underwater Finds Reveal Humans’ Long Presence in North America 
  
 At first glance, these formations look man-made. Found 15 to 20 feet below the surface of the water, the site is littered with stone cylinders and cobblestone-like objects that resemble the foundations of an ancient, columned plaza. However, Julian Andrews, an environmental scientist at the University of East Anglia in the United Kingdom, says the site was lacking many the common signs of human activity. 
  
 “There’s no other evidence, nothing that suggests human civilization,” Andrews tells Smithsonian.com. “There’s no pottery, no coins, nothing else that usually goes along with these things.” 
  
 When Andrews and his colleagues analyzed the chemical makeup of the rocks, they found their hunch was right. What first appeared to be stone structures were actually naturally-occurring mineral formations that commonly form around natural sources of methane, which can be emitted as buried organic matter decays or methane leaks from veins of natural gas deep beneath the ocean floor. As some species of microbes feed on the methane, they produce a mineral called dolomite that often forms in seabed sediments. 
  
 Zakynthos sits nearby a well-known underwater oil field in the Mediterranean Gulf of Patras, which could explain where the methane feeding the dolomite-making microbes came from. According to Andrews, the formations’ odd shapes are likely the result of the various methane leaks sizes and how tightly microbes gathered around them to feed. 
  
 In larger leaks, the microbes could spread out and form mineral structures more evenly, resulting in the slab-like structures. Meanwhile, smaller sites that leaked methane in a tight jet may have led the microbes to make column-like and doughnut-shaped formations as they clustered close around the smaller food source. 
  
 “Essentially what you’ve got are bacteria that are fossilizing the plumbing system,” Andrews says. 
  
 The structures appear to date back to the Pliocene Epoch about 2.6 million years ago. They're not unique—similar sites have been found around the world, in places like California’s Monterey Bay, the Gulf of Cadiz in the Mediterranean, and the oil-rich North Sea. 
  
 “These kinds of things in the past have been found normally reported in very deep water, thousands of meters [down],” Andrews says. “In that respect, they’re quite common around the world. But what’s unusual about these is that they’re in very shallow water.” Their presence in this shallow water suggests that there is a partially-ruptured fault just below the region’s sea floor. 
  
 While marine archaeology buffs might be disappointed to learn that the formations aren’t the remains of a long-forgotten Greek city, they still play an important role in the local ecosystem. Andrews says the stone-like structures can act like coral reefs by providing habitats and shelter for fish and other undersea creatures. 
  
 The stone shapes may just be a fluke of nature, but they provide an interesting insight into the natural processes going on beneath the ocean’s floor. ||||| In Zakynthos Island (Greece), authigenic cementation of marine sediment has formed pipe-like, disc and doughnut-shaped concretions. The concretions are mostly composed of authigenic ferroan dolomite accompanied by pyrite. Samples with >80% dolomite, have stable isotope compositions in two groups. The more indurated concretions have δ18O around +4‰ and δ13C values between −8 and −29‰ indicating dolomite forming from anaerobic oxidation of thermogenic methane (hydrocarbon seep), in the sulphate-methane transition zone. The outer surfaces of some concretions, and the less-cemented concretions, typically have slightly heavier isotopic compositions and may indicate that concretion growth progressed from the outer margin in the ambient microbially-modified marine pore fluids, inward toward the central conduit where the isotopic compositions were more heavily influenced by the seep fluid. Sr isotope data suggest the concretions are fossil features, possibly of Pliocene age and represent an exhumed hydrocarbon seep plumbing system. Exposure on the modern seabed in the shallow subtidal zone has caused confusion, as concretion morphology resembles archaeological stonework of the Hellenic period. ||||| Photo 
  
 So much for the Lost City of Zakynthos. 
  
 When snorkelers discovered what appeared to be pieces of ancient stonework, including columns and doughnut-shaped disks that might have been column bases, in a bay off the Greek island of Zakynthos several years ago, government archaeologists were sent in to investigate. The debris might have been the ruins of a city, the scientists reported and, if so, a rare discovery of a Greek archaeological site in shallow waters. 
  
 But oddly, the archaeologists found nothing else — no shards of pottery or other flotsam and jetsam of everyday existence — that would suggest that people had once lived there (and perhaps had been forced to flee by rising sea levels). 
  
 More Reporting on Archaeology 
  
 Scientists have now discovered the reason there were no signs of human habitation at the site. The columns and other objects, they say, are not stonework at all, but a natural byproduct of the breakdown of methane gas. And they were made by an ancient civilization of microbes, not people. 
  
 Julian Andrews, a geochemist at the University of East Anglia in England and the lead author of a paper in the journal Marine and Petroleum Geology about the work, said that the area was a “cold seep” where methane in deep formations moved upward through faults and then through sediments in the seabed. Those sediments contain bacteria that consume methane for energy. 
  
 All that consumption of methane, Dr. Andrews said, changed the chemistry of the seawater that saturated the sediments. That caused dissolved minerals to precipitate out of the water as a rock called dolomite. And the dolomite cemented the sediment particles in place, forming concretions. The columns and other shapes resulted from the methane spreading in different ways through the sediments as it flowed upward. 
  
 Dr. Andrews said the researchers’ analysis suggested that the concretization might have occurred several million years ago deeper in the sediments and that the objects had been exposed over time as the seabed eroded. ||||| (CNN) When divers discovered circular columns and paved floors, they thought they had found the ruins of a long-forgotten civilization on the shores of the Greek island Zakynthos. 
  
 But what was once thought to be an ancient underwater "lost city" is actually a naturally occurring phenomenon, scientists have found. 
  
 New research published in the Marine and Petroleum Geology journal today reveals the ancient underwater site was actually created by a natural geological phenomenon around five million years ago. 
  
 Research teams investigate the content and texture of the underwater formation. 
  
 Underwater myth busters 
  
 Lead author of the research, Professor Julian Andrews, from the University of East Anglia's School of Environmental Sciences , told CNN: "The suggestion that they were archaeological remains was brought about by tourists who were swimming around and saw these things and thought they were stone work." 
  
 Greek authorities investigated the site, however they found no supporting evidence that this was an ancient city port that was lost to the sea. 
  
 "Mysteriously [there was] no other signs of life -- such as pottery," Andrews said. 
  
 After the preliminary analysis, Andrews and Professor Michael Stamatakis from the Department of Geology and Geoenvironment at the University of Athens then investigated the mineral content and texture of the underwater formation. 
  
 "We investigated the site, which is between two and five meters (six and sixteen feet) underwater, and found that it is actually a natural geological occurring phenomenon," Andrews said. 
  
 The circular column bases is typical of mineralization at hydrocarbon seeps. 
  
 Spectacular 'plumbing' below the seabed 
  
 He explained the disk and doughnut structures are typical of mineralization of hydrocarbon seeps -- areas of the sea floor where natural gases occur. 
  
 "We found that the linear distribution of these doughnut-shaped concretions is likely the result of a sub-surface fault which has not fully ruptured the surface of the sea bed," he explained. 
  
 "It's almost like a plumbing situation below the seabed." 
  
 As detailed in the report, microbes in the sediment use the carbon in methane as fuel, which then eventually changes the chemistry of the sediment to form a natural cement -- known as concretion. 
  
 "In this case the cement was an unusual mineral called dolomite which rarely forms in seawater, but can be quite common in microbe-rich sediments," Andrews said. 
  
 The sediment is made up of mostly silt and clay. 
  
 The research shows the structures are a fossil feature from the Pliocene age, which has since been exhumed by sea currents. 
  
 "There's no active fluid venting at this site, but having said that there are many around the world," Andrews explained. "These gas leaks are quite common, they're not an unusual phenomenon -- the earth's crust is quite a leaky material." 
  
 A rare discovery 
  
 There have been many discoveries like this worldwide, however most have been reported in deeper waters. 
  
 But while the formation process is not unusual, it is rare for the discovery to be in a shallow setting. 
  
 "The majority of discoveries have been reported in much deeper water," Andrews said. "But having said that, very early seep examples were found in the North Sea -- which isn't particularly deep -- but it is a little unusual that it's right on the coast." 
  
 Divers investigate the natural geological phenomenon on the shores of the Greek island Zakynthos. 
  
 While the "lost city" originally attracted divers, Andrews does not believe the new research will impact tourism. 
  
 "They're quite beautiful things in their own right and people like to look at bizarre structures," he said. 
  
 "They almost act like a reef, so they provide lots of little refuges for fish to live in." |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?