News article:

You can bet left-wing activists are going to call for a boycott Under Armour now. On Tuesday, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank was effusive in his praise of President Donald Trump in an interview on CNBC. Plank commended the president, saying “To have such a pro-business president is something that is a real asset for the country.” Going further, Plank alluded to Trump’s plan for the wall: “He wants to build things. He wants to make bold decisions and be really decisive.” The CEO liked this action, he said, because he is “a big fan of people that operate in the world of ‘publish and iterate’ versus ‘think, think, think, think, think.” 
  
 It won’t be long before liberals attempt to shame people into silencing Plank and his business. Since Trump was elected in November, they have gone after brands like New Balance and L.L. Bean for their support of the nation’s leader. We’ll have to see if any lefties post videos of themselves burning their Under Armour clothing, like they did with New Balance. For some reason, it seems unlikely that many of these social media warriors own much sports apparel to begin with. 
  
 This is a good time for people who don’t oppose our president to show their appreciation of Under Armour’s respect for President Trump. As American patriots demonstrated by downloading Lady Gaga music after her apolitical Super Bowl performance, there is a lot of money to be made by those who refuse to sing paeans to the gods of social justice activism. 
  
 Support Under Armour and Get FREE Standard Shipping On Orders Over $49 and FREE Returns 
  
 Have a suggestion for a cool product or great deal that you think Daily Caller readers need to know about? Email the Daily Dealer at [email protected]. 
  
 Follow The Daily Dealer on Twitter and Facebook 
  
 Follow Jack on Twitter 
  
 The Daily Caller is devoted to showing you things that you’ll like or find interesting. We do have partnerships with affiliates, so The Daily Caller may get a small share of the revenue from any purchase. ||||| Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson is not happy with the CEO of Under Armour, Kevin Plank, for making pro-Trump comments, but says he's still sticking with the sports apparel company that manufactures clothing bearing his name. 
  
 Plank is a part of President Trump’s American Manufacturing Council. After the group's meeting Tuesday, Plank said having "such a pro-business President is something that is a real asset for the country. People can really grab that opportunity.” 
  
 Johnson, who supported George W. Bush in 2000, wrote that he "appreciate[s] and welcome[s] the feedback" of his fans who both agree and disagree with Plank's comments, but wanted to personally put some distance between himself and the CEO's opinion. 
  
 DWAYNE JOHNSON IS THE WORLD'S HIGHEST-PAID ACTOR 
  
 "[Plank] inadvertently creat[ed] a situation where the personal political opinions of UA's partners and its employees were overshadowed by the comments of its CEO," Johnson wrote. "A good company is not solely defined by its CEO. A good company is not defined by the athlete or celebrity who partners with them." 
  
 Johnson, who promotes UA's Project Rock line, said that his responsibility was to "the thousands of workers who pour blood, sweat, and tears into making Under Armour strong. A diverse group of hardworking men and women who possess integrity, respect and compassion for one another and the world they live in. Debate is healthy. But in a time of widespread disagreement, so is loyalty. I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team, the American and global workers, who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason I chose to partner with them." 
  
 Johnson joins Under Armour Misty Copeland and basketball star Stephen Curry -- both of whom have contracts with Under Armour -- in criticizing Plank's comments. 
  
 FANS CALL OUR MISTY COPELAND FOR NEW PHOTO 
  
 Copeland wrote in an Instagram post she was so concerned about Plank's comments that she spoke to him directly. 
  
 Curry told them Mercury News on Wednesday that he "spent all day yesterday on the phone with countless people at Under Armour, countless people in Kevin Plank's camp, my team, trying to understand what was going on and where everybody stood on the issue." 
  
 The company issued a statement saying it engages in "policy, not politics." 
  
 None of the three athletes has severed ties with the company. 
  
 The Associated Press contributed to this report. ||||| Related Articles Exclusive: Stephen Curry responds to Trump love from Under Armour’s CEO 
  
 Q&A with Stephen Curry: Under Armour, Donald Trump, his own political voice Here is Under Armour’s full statement after CEO Kevin Plank praised President Donald Trump as an “asset” to America. 
  
 Plank, in a CNBC interview on Tuesday, lauded Trump’s business acumen. His comments started a #BoycottUnderArmour trend on Twitter and surprised Warriors star Stephen Curry, one of the company’s primary athlete endorsers. Plank and Under Armour clarified Plank’s meaning. 
  
 “To have such a pro-business president is something that is a real asset for the country,” Plank said. “People can really grab that opportunity.” 
  
 “At Under Armour, our culture has always been about optimism, teamwork, and unity. We have engaged with both the prior and the current administrations in advocating on business issues that we believe are in the best interests of our consumers, teammates, and shareholders. Kevin Plank was recently invited at the request of the President of the United States, to join the American Manufacturing Council as part of a distinguished group of business leaders. He joined CEOs from companies such as Dow Chemical, Dell, Ford, GE and Tesla, among others to begin an important dialogue around creating jobs in America. We believe it is important for Under Armour to be a part of that discussion. 
  
 “We have always been committed to developing innovative ways to support and invest in American jobs and manufacturing. For years, Under Armour has had a long-term strategy for domestic manufacturing and we recently launched our first women’s collection made in our hometown of Baltimore, MD. We are incredibly proud of this important first step in the evolution of creating more jobs at home. 
  
 “We engage in policy, not politics. We believe in advocating for fair trade, an inclusive immigration policy that welcomes the best and the brightest and those seeking opportunity in the great tradition of our country, and tax reform that drives hiring to help create new jobs globally, across America and in Baltimore. 
  
 “We have teammates from different religions, races, nationalities, genders and sexual orientations; different ages, life experiences and opinions. This is the core of our company. At Under Armour, our diversity is our strength, and we will continue to advocate for policies that Protect Our House, our business, our team, and our community.” ||||| Once again, Stephen Curry has found himself in the middle of a political issue. Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank, in an interview with CNBC, said President Donald Trump is an “asset” to the country. 
  
 var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push([’embed’]); 
  
 “I agree with that description,” Curry said, “if you remove the ‘et’” from asset. 
  
 Related Articles Under Armour’s full statement after CEO’s praise of Trump causes controversy 
  
 Q&A with Stephen Curry: Under Armour, Donald Trump, his own political voice In an exclusive interview Wednesday, Curry did what he doesn’t like to do — talk politics — but is clearly getting comfortable doing. 
  
 His stance was much the same when his vague comments about the controversial North Carolina bill drew the ire of some in the LGBTQ community: where he stands is clear per his track record. 
  
 He thought he was sure where Plank stood based on his track record. So Curry, one of the most popular endorsers of Under Armour products, said he was surprised to see the CEO praising Trump. 
  
 “I spent all day yesterday on the phone,” Curry said, “with countless people at Under Armour, countless people in Kevin Plank’s camp, my team, trying to understand what was going on and where everybody stood on the issue. Based off the release that KP sent out this morning, and what he told me last night, that’s the Under Armour that I know. That’s the brand I know he’s built and one that, as of Wednesday afternoon, is something that I’m standing on.” 
  
 Plank explained his stance to Curry on Tuesday, how his comments were meant exclusively from a business perspective. He distanced himself from Trump’s controversial policies and comments that have enranged women, Muslims, Mexicans, African-Americans and the impoverished across the nation. 
  
 On Wednesday, Under Armour released a statement that explained Plank was part of a collaboration of private industry powers putting their brains together to effect change. Curry said that statement reflects what he believed to be true about Plank and Under Armour. 
  
 Reading this on your phone or tablet? Stay up to date on Bay Area sports news with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play store. 
  
 Curry, who has a contract with Under Armour that runs through 2024, said Plank working with Trump isn’t a deal-breaker for him.. He is more concerned about Under Armour adopting Trump’s values, he said. 
  
 “It’s a fine line but it’s about how we’re operating,” Curry said, “how inclusive we are, what we stand for. He’s the President. There are going to be people that are tied to them. But are we promoting change? Are we doing things that are going to look out for everybody? And not being so self-serving that it’s only about making money, selling shoes, doing this and that. That’s not the priority. It’s about changing lives. I think we can continue to do that.” 
  
 But would Curry really leave Under Armour, the company that helped launch his empire, if he didn’t like the direction of the company? 
  
 “If there is a situation where I can look at myself in the mirror and say they don’t have my best intentions, they don’t have the right attitude about taking care of people,” Curry said. “If I can say the leadership is not in line with my core values, then there is no amount of money, there is no platform I wouldn’t jump off if it wasn’t in line with who I am. So that’s a decision I will make every single day when I wake up. If something is not in line with what I’m about, then, yeah, I definitely need to take a stance in that respect.” 
  
 Curry said he and Plank don’t talk politics and he doesn’t have interest in doing so. His relationship with Under Armour is a business relationship and his primary concern is carrying out his own mission. However, he made it clear he did not vote for Trump and is against several of Trump’s actions. 
  
 “I feel like if you know who I am, you know what I stand for, and I can live with that,” Curry said. “I feel when you see my name, when you see people wearing my stuff, when you see anybody attached to me, that they share that same passion for people that I do. And that’s what I’ve been really serious about using this platform to share. I don’t get in people’s faces and out in the streets with a bullhorn doing it that way. But every opportunity I have to show love, to show respect, to show just that positivity, I feel like that’s my job and that’s what I stand for.” ||||| Plank: We are a team that knows how to win 3:22 PM ET Tue, 7 Feb 2017 | 01:09 
  
 Wall Street critics should consider Under Armour's track record of success before counting it out, CEO Kevin Plank told CNBC. (Full interview below) 
  
 "You look in my eyes and tell me: Do you believe this is the team that's done this for 21 years, 11 years public and knows how to win?," Plank said on CNBC's "Halftime Report." 
  
 "You know, I think a lot of people bet against Tom Brady the other night, too," he said. 
  
 Shares of Under Amour have taken a beating after the sportswear company reported lower-than-expected quarterly sales — its second disappointing quarter in a row. It also announced that its chief financial officer, Chip Molloy, will step down. The news initially wiped a quarter off the company's market value. 
  
 In midday trading Tuesday, Class A shares were little changed, while Class C shares were about 1 percent lower. Both sets of shares have declined more than 30 percent in the past three months. 
  
 (12-month performance of Under Armour Class A shares; Source: FactSet) 
  
 The company's sales were hurt by intense competition and slowing growth in North America. Under Armour's net revenue rose about 12 percent to $1.31 billion, its slowest sales growth in eight years. 
  
 Under Amour also said its CFO is leaving for personal reasons, but did not elaborate. Molloy had joined the company last January. 
  
 On Tuesday, Plank said even though the company lost one of its key players, he is confident in the progress of his executive team. 
  
 "We've got an executive team that is robust and full and the same people that got us here. One of the lessons that we learned and we know, you ask is this the end? No this is not the end," he said. 
  
 In order for the company to progress it has to change its narrative, Plank said. 
  
  
  
 "We have a growth company. You'll never hear us not say that. Current outlook has double digit growth which is close to industry in the sector leading among the leaders there. Our business is so young, our business is really just getting started," he said. "This company throws punches. That's what we do and it's how we continue to expect to be able to run again," he said. "But there are tweaks. This is not to say the world is rosy." Plank also mentioned his meeting with President Donald Trump to discuss jobs in U.S. Plank described Trump as "highly passionate" and a pro-business man who is a "real asset" for U.S. companies. Last month, Plank said in a speech that "We should be bringing jobs back, not just to America, but tightening supply chains all over the world. We have the ability to do it better. It's time for all of us to make an investment." |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?