News article:

Prince Charles has denied suggestions he'll be a meddling monarch when he one day becomes king, saying "I'm not that stupid". 
  
 The Prince of Wales has given his most open interview in recent years about how he sees the role of monarch compared to that of being heir to the throne, as part of a documentary to mark his 70th birthday next week. 
  
 In the programme Prince Charles is asked how he sees the two roles as being different. The Prince says: "I've tried to make sure whatever I've done has been non party political. 
  
 "But I think it's vital to remember there's only room for one sovereign at a time, not two, so you can't be the same as the sovereign if you're the Prince of Wales or the heir. 
  
 "But the idea somehow that I'm going to go on in exactly the same way if I have to succeed is complete nonsense, because the two, the two situations are completely different. 
  
 "Clearly, I won't be able to do the same things I've done, you know, as heir so of course you operate within the constitutional parameters." 
  
 Image: The Duchess of Cornwall says she wishes people could see his lighter side 
  
 But when the interviewer suggests that some people are concerned his involvement will continue in the same way, Prince Charles becomes more animated, and replies in a direct way, saying: "No, it won't. I'm not that stupid, I do realise that it is a separate exercise being sovereign. 
  
 "So of course, you know I understand entirely how that should operate." 
  
 Over the past 50 years the prince has become well known for his strong views on issues such as climate change, the environment, architecture and support for young people. 
  
 Applauded by some for his dedication and campaigning spirit, he has been criticised by others for trying to influence government policy. 
  
 When it is put to the prince that some people see him as meddling, he replies: "Really? You don't say. But I always wonder what meddling is, I mean I always thought it was motivating." 
  
 The BBC documentary Prince, Son & Heir : Charles at 70, was given exclusive access to the Prince of Wales and his family over the past 12 months in the run up to his 70th birthday next week ‪on 14 November‬. 
  
 As well as showing his official work there are funny moments, as he's seen talking to turkeys on his Dumfries House estate, or going on an impromptu shopping spree in a market in Vanuatu, which leaves his team desperately trying to find local currency to pay for his purchases. 
  
 The programme also features interviews with those closest to the prince. The Duchess of Cornwall pays tribute to her husband, saying that she wishes people got to know him better and his sense of humour. 
  
 She says: "He's a very exceptional man. They see him as a very serious person, which he is. But I would like a lot of people to see the lighter side of him." 
  
 Asked what advice she would like to give him for his 70th birthday, she adds: "My Father once said to me, 'As you get older, you've got to do one thing and that is pace yourself. 
  
 "And I would love to tell him to pace himself, but I'm afraid that's not going to happen." 
  
 Image: Prince Charles stepped in to walk Meghan down the aisle 
  
 Prince Harry explains how grateful he was to his father for stepping in to walk his wife Meghan down the aisle on their wedding day. 
  
 He says: "I asked him to and I think he knew it was coming and he immediately said 'yes, of course, I'll do whatever Meghan needs and I'm here to support you'. 
  
 "For him that's a fantastic opportunity to step up and be that support, and you know he's our father so of course he's going to be there for us." 
  
 Image: Prince William says he wants his father to spend more time with his grandchildren 
  
 Prince William talks about wanting his father to spend more time with his grandchildren, saying: "Now he's reached his seventieth year it's a perfect time to consolidate a little bit 'cause as most families would do, you are worried about having them around and making sure their health's okay, and he's the fittest man I know but equally I want him to be fit until he's 95 you know going on. 
  
 "So, having more time with him at home would be lovely, and being able to you know play around, with the grandchildren. 'Cause when he's there, he's brilliant. But we need him there as much as possible." 
  
 :: Prince, Son & Heir : Charles at 70 will be shown on BBC One ‪at 9pm tonight‬ ||||| If you thought you were the most extra person you know, think again—because Prince Charles is out here doing the most in every way possible. According to Amazon Prime’s recently dusted off documentary Serving the Royals: Inside the Firm, England's future king has a laundry list of royal demands that make Mariah Carey's infamous tour rider look completely normal. 
  
 Charles (who's called the "pampered prince" by staff, ha ha ha) apparently has "everything done for him"—at least per Princess Diana's former butler Paul Burrell. 
  
 "His pajamas are pressed every morning, his shoe laces are pressed flat with an iron, the bath plug has to be in a certain position, and the water temperature has to be just tepid," Burrell says, adding that Charles even "has his valets squeeze one inch of toothpaste onto his toothbrush every morning." 
  
 But wait it gets better, by which I mean so much more WTF. Burrell also says that "On one occasion, he rang me from his library and he said, 'Oh Paul, a letter from the Queen seems to have fallen into my wastepaper bin. Would you pick it out?'" 
  
 CHARLES! WYD! ||||| Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. 
  
 By Alastair Jamieson 
  
 LONDON — Britain's Prince Charles has said he will stop speaking out on issues such as the environment and architecture if he becomes king. 
  
 The heir to the U.K. throne has been a high-profile campaigner on topics including sustainable development, farming and home design. 
  
 But in an interview with the BBC to coincide with his 70th birthday, the prince said he understood that the job of being king would be different and that he would respect “constitutional parameters." 
  
 His mother, Queen Elizabeth II, is the world’s longest-reigning monarch. 
  
 She has maintained a public silence on politics and public debate in nearly seven decades on the throne. 
  
 Queen Elizabeth's weekly briefings from prime ministers — who run the country — remain private and her public roles as a charity patron are ceremonial. While the monarch is Britain's official head of state, parliament has been in charge since the late 17th century. 
  
 By contrast, Charles is an outspoken campaigner on issues ranging from organic and traditional farming and wildlife conservation to herbal medicine and urban planning. 
  
 It was revealed in 2015 that he had written to a number of government ministers, including then-Prime Minister Tony Blair, to lobby for causes including dairy farmers and endangered species. The “Black Spider memos,” known as such because of the prince’s distinctive ink and handwriting, were published after a lengthy legal battle by The Guardian newspaper. 
  
 Prince Charles is currently in Lagos, Nigeria. Sunday Alamba / AFP - Getty Images 
  
 The BBC asked the prince whether his public campaigning would continue in the event of his mother's death. 
  
 "No, it won't. I'm not that stupid," said Charles, who is officially known as the Prince of Wales. "I do realize that it is a separate exercise being sovereign. So of course I understand entirely how that should operate." 
  
 Asked about accusations that he had been "meddling" in public issues, he responded: "If it's meddling to worry about the inner cities as I did 40 years ago, then if that's meddling I'm proud of it." 
  
 Ahead of Prince Charles' 70th birthday next week, here's a look at his life in pictures with a classic image of the heir to the throne for each year pic.twitter.com/BDxu52Q0TO — Press Association (@PA) November 7, 2018 
  
 The BBC was given exclusive access to Charles, who will turn 70 on Nov. 14. ||||| Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Prince Charles says it would be "nonsense" to think he could campaign publicly as king 
  
 The Prince of Wales says he will stop speaking out on topics he feels strongly about when he becomes king, as he is "not that stupid". 
  
 He has campaigned on issues such as the environment for decades but says he would not do the same as monarch. 
  
 Speaking in a BBC documentary to mark his 70th birthday, Prince Charles said the idea that he would continue making interventions was "nonsense". 
  
 He said he would have to operate within "constitutional parameters". 
  
 What has he said? 
  
 In the documentary, Prince Charles was asked about his campaigning, which some people have described as "meddling". 
  
 Documentary film-maker John Bridcut, who followed the royal for 12 months, said Prince Charles "bridled a bit" at the use of the word "meddling" and instead preferred to think of his interventions as "motivating". 
  
 The heir to the throne said: "If it's meddling to worry about the inner cities as I did 40 years ago, then if that's meddling I'm proud of it." 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Duchess of Cornwall said Prince Charles had a passion to help 
  
 He said the roles of Prince of Wales and king were completely separate. 
  
 "It's vital to remember there's only room for one sovereign at a time, not two," he said. 
  
 "So, you can't be the same as the sovereign if you're the Prince of Wales or the heir. 
  
 "But the idea, somehow, that I'm going to go on in exactly the same way, if I have to succeed, is complete nonsense because the two - the two situations - are completely different." 
  
 Asked whether his public campaigning would continue, he said: "No, it won't. I'm not that stupid." 
  
 BBC royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell said, however, that, in private, Prince Charles could still seek to influence government policy. 
  
 He said: "The definition of what he is entitled to do as sovereign is to encourage and to warn." 
  
 Why is this significant? 
  
 By Nicholas Witchell, BBC royal correspondent 
  
 He has spent his adult life trying, as he puts it, "to make a difference". Often that has led the Prince of Wales to speak out about topics about which he feels deeply: the environment, GM crops, inner cities, architecture, education, homeopathic medicine and others. 
  
 It has, on occasions, caused irritation within the government departments that have had to respond to his heartfelt "black spider" handwritten letters raising, always courteously but often insistently, some issue that has come to the prince's attention. 
  
 It has all given rise to a greater concern. Does Prince Charles fully appreciate that, when he succeeds his mother and becomes Britain's king, these interventions will have to stop? 
  
 Image copyright Jonathan Brady Image caption Prince Charles alongside his grandson Prince George 
  
 Those who know him have said for years that privately he fully understands that, as king, he would have to stop his "campaigning". 
  
 Prince Charles himself has always baulked at saying as much publicly. He's said to feel that any reference to how he will function as monarch could be seen as being disrespectful to his mother. 
  
 However, with the Queen now in her 93rd year, and with Prince Charles about to celebrate his 70th birthday, he has finally said - publicly and explicitly - that he does recognise his interventions on matters of public debate will have to stop as soon as he becomes king. 
  
 "You operate," he says in the BBC documentary, "within the constitutional parameters." 
  
 It is reasonable to suppose his assurances will be heard with some relief within Whitehall and the corridors of power. 
  
 What has he campaigned on? 
  
 Architecture 
  
 In 1984, Prince Charles gave a speech criticising a modernist design for an extension to the National Gallery in London. 
  
 He said it looked like a "vast municipal fire station" and, if it were to be built - the proposal was subsequently dropped - would be a "monstrous carbuncle on the face of a much loved and elegant friend". 
  
 Indeed, the Prince of Wales has campaigned for traditional urban design and architecture for many years. 
  
 And this led to heir to the throne establishing the Prince of Wales's Institute of Architecture in 1986, now known as The Prince's Foundation. 
  
 In 1992, he said: "I didn't particularly want to see this country, which I mind about and love greatly, disappear under a welter of ugliness." 
  
 Climate change 
  
 The heir to the throne has spoken passionately about climate change and environmental sustainability. 
  
 In 2017, he said humans must live in harmony with their environment. 
  
 He added: "Failure to do so, and I fear that we are already perilously close to doing this, will prove catastrophic." 
  
 BBC environment analyst Roger Harrabin said: "The prince warned decades ago about human-induced climate change. 
  
 "It was controversial to some at the time but now there's scientific consensus on the threat." 
  
 Wildlife conservation 
  
 Prince Charles has been a staunch supporter of wildlife conservation and anti-poaching campaigns. 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images 
  
 In 2018, he said: "With the current rate of biodiversity loss now running at 1,000 times the natural rate, we appear to have managed to initiate the planet's sixth great extinction event and still seem utterly hell bent on destroying what little we have left." 
  
 Homeopathy 
  
 Prince Charles has sparked some criticism for his support of homeopathy - a treatment based on the use of highly diluted substances to allegedly aid the body to heal itself. 
  
 In 2015, he told an international gathering of scientists and government officials he treated his own cows and sheep with homeopathy. 
  
 Clarence House later said: "Homeopathy is used on a case-by-case basis at Home Farm, in combination with more conventional medicine, to minimise dependence on antibiotics." |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?