Detailed Instructions: In this task, you are given a text of many news articles seperated by special token "|||||". Your task is to summarize them.
Q: The young man who killed 20 children and six adults at a Connecticut elementary school Friday suffered from a condition where he could literally feel no pain, according to a faculty member at his old high school. 
  
 Richard Novia, the advisor for the tech club at Newton High, said that if Adam Lanza cut or hurt himself, "he would not know it or feel it." 
  
 Novia's words are the latest from a series of former acquaintances of Lanza's to paint him as bright but obviously troubled. 
  
 "Adam Lanza has been a weird kid since we were five years old," wrote a neighbor and former classmate Timothy Dalton on Twitter. "As horrible as this was, I can't say I am surprised." 
  
 "[Adam] was not connected with the other kids," said family friend Barbara Frey. A relative told ABC News that Adam was "obviously not well." 
  
 Mark Tambascio, another family friend, said he believed Lanza's mother, Nancy, had become increasingly concerned in the last few months about Lanza's emotional and behavioral issues. Lanza's parents divorced three years ago and his mother was left to deal Lanza alone. 
  
 "It was getting a little harder for her as time went on," he said. 
  
 Divorce records obtained by ABC News revealed that Nancy was to "make all decisions" with respect to her son, but only after consulting with Lanza's father. The settlement awarded Nancy approximately a quarter million dollars a year in alimony but the documents do not mention any behavioral or mental health problems related to Adam Lanza. 
  
 Kyle Kromberg, another former classmate, said that Lanza could not keep eye contact with anyone. 
  
 "He hated looking at your eyes for more than a couple seconds," Kromberg said. "He'd always look down at his papers or whatever he was doing." 
  
 A former babysitter, Ryan Kraft, said Nancy told him never to leave Adam alone -- "Never even to the bathroom or turn your back on him at any time." 
  
 On Friday morning, Lanza shot Nancy in the face at the home they shared in Newtown, and then drove her car to Sandy Hook Elementary School. Dressed in black combat gear, the 20-year-old broke a window at the school, which had recently had a new security system installed, and within minutes had shot and killed six adults and 20 schoolchildren between the ages of five and 10. 
  
 Police said Lanza used a Bushmaster semiautomatic assault-style rifle to kill the children before using a handgun to take his own life. Officials said the guns were likely legally purchased by Nancy. 
  
 Officials told ABC News that computers removed from Lanza's family home over the weekend provide important clues into Lanza's twisted thinking. 
  
 Click Here for the Blotter Homepage. ||||| The man identified as the gunman who killed 26 children and adults in an elementary school took college classes when he was only 16, a spokesman for Western Connecticut State University said Monday. 
  
 This undated photo shows Adam Lanza posing for a group photo of the technology club which appeared in the Newtown High School yearbook. Authorities have identified Lanza as the gunman who killed his mother... (Associated Press) 
  
 This undated photo shows Adam Lanza, third from the right, posing for a group photo of the technology club which appeared in the Newtown High School yearbook. Authorities have identified Lanza as the... (Associated Press) 
  
 Paul Steinmetz, spokesman for the Danbury school, confirmed that Adam Lanza earned a 3.26 grade point average while a student there. He dropped out of a German language class and withdrew from a computer science class, but earned an A in a computer class, A-minus in American history and B in macroeconomics. 
  
 He participated when called on by the teacher in his evening course on introductory German, according to Dot Stasny, who was one of about a dozen other students in the class in the spring of 2009. She said she and a classmate once invited him out to a bar but he declined, saying he was only 17. 
  
 "We attributed him being quiet to him being so much younger than the rest of us," said Stasny, 30. "I assumed he was this super smart kid who was just doing extra course work." 
  
 Stasny said she saw him later when he came in as a customer at a video game store where she was working. She said she shared a laugh with him about how difficult the German class was. She told him she failed one of the exams, and he mentioned he got a D. 
  
 "I just remember him as a nice, quiet kid," she said. 
  
 Steinmetz says Lanza was among a small group of 16-year-olds among the school's 5,000 undergraduates. 
  
 The Hartford Courant and The Wall Street Journal first reported Lanza's academic record at Western Connecticut State. 
  
 Steinmetz said Lanza took his last class in the summer of 2009 and didn't return. ||||| A man reacts at the site of a makeshift memorial for school shooting victims in Newtown, Conn., Sunday, Dec. 16, 2012. A gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary School in the town, killing 26 people,... (Associated Press) 
  
 A woman pays respects at a memorial outside of St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church, Sunday, Dec. 16, 2012, in Newtown, Conn. On Friday, a gunman allegedly killed his mother at their home and then opened... (Associated Press) 
  
 Mourners grieve at one of the makeshift memorials for victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, Sunday, Dec. 16, 2012, in Newtown, Conn. On Friday, a gunman allegedly killed his mother at... (Associated Press) 
  
 David Freedman, right, kneels with his son Zachary, 9, both of Newtown, Conn., as they visit a sidewalk memorial for the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting victims, Sunday, Dec. 16, 2012, in Newtown,... (Associated Press) 
  
 A U.S. flag flies at half staff outside the Newtown High School before President Barack Obama is scheduled to attend a memorial for the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, Sunday, Dec.... (Associated Press) 
  
 THE INVESTIGATION: Twenty-year-old Adam Lanza, was carrying an arsenal of hundreds of rounds of deadly ammunition _ enough to kill nearly every student in the school if given enough time, authorities said, raising the specter the bloodbath could have been far worse. Lanza shot himself in the head when he heard police approaching the classroom where he was gunning down helpless children. 
  
 He had multiple, high-capacity clips each capable of holding 30 bullets, and the chief medical examiner said the ammunition was the type designed to break up inside a victim's body and inflict the maximum amount of damage, tearing apart bone and tissue. 
  
 The gunman shot his mother four times in the head before going to the school and gunning down 26 victims there. 
  
 THE VICTIMS: All the victims at the school were shot multiple times with a high-power rifle, some of them up close. All six adults were women. Of the 20 children, eight were boys and 12 were girls. All the children were 6 or 7 years old. 
  
 Among the dead were popular principal Dawn Hochsprung and school psychologist Mary Sherlach, who rushed toward Lanza in an attempt to stop him and paid with their lives; Victoria Soto, a 27-year-old teacher who died while trying to hide her pupils; 30-year-old Lauren Rousseau, a teacher thrilled to have been hired this year, and Ana Marquez-Greene, a 6-year-old girl who had just moved to Newtown from Canada. 
  
 THE GUNMAN: Lanza was described as a bright but painfully awkward student who seemed to have no close friends. In high school, he was active in the technology club. The club adviser remembered that he had "some disabilities" and seemed not to feel pain like the other students. That meant Lanza required special supervision when using soldering tools, for instance. He also had an occasional "episode" in which he seemed to withdraw completely from his surroundings, the adviser said. 
  
 Authorities said Lanza had no criminal history, and it was unclear whether he had a job. 
  
 THE SCENE: Families sought to comfort each other during Sunday church services and vigils devoted to impossible questions like that of a 6-year-old girl who asked her mother: "The little children, are they with the angels?" 
  
 Many of Newtown's 27,000 people wondered whether life could ever return to normal, and, as the workweek was set to begin, parents pondered whether to send their children back to school. Signs around town read, "Hug a teacher today," "Please pray for Newtown" and "Love will get us through." 
  
 THE PARENTS: One of the parents who lost a child in the attack spoke publicly about his loss. 
  
 Robbie Parker fought back tears and struggled to catch his breath as he described his 6-year-old daughter, Emilie, as a little girl who loved to draw. He also reserved surprisingly kind words for the gunman, saying he was not mad and offering sympathy for the gunman's family. 
  
 To the man's family, he said, "I can't imagine how hard this experience must be for you." 
  
 THE GUNS: Federal authorities visited local gun ranges but found no evidence that the gunman trained for the attack or was an active member of the recreational gun community. 
  
 Investigators also have interviewed gun dealers trying to determine whether there was any training or other behavior that precipitated the attack. 
  
 THE HISTORY: The Newtown massacre is the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history and one of the deadliest mass shootings around the world. A gunman at Virginia Tech University killed 33, including himself, in 2007. Only Virginia Tech and the mass killings of 77 in Norway last year had greater death tolls across the world over the past 20 years. ||||| Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old who killed 20 children and six adults in a rampage at a Connecticut elementary school, and his mother both spent time at an area gun range, ABC News has learned. 
  
 A Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives spokesperson told ABC News investigators have determined Lanza did visit a gun range, but they have not determined whether he shot there. 
  
 Investigators have also learned his mother, Nancy Lanza, visited a gun range on multiple occasions, but they have not determined whether her son was with her during those visits, the spokesperson said. 
  
 ATF agents have been canvassing area gun ranges and gun dealers to learn whether Adam Lanza had been a customer or a visitor. 
  
 CLICK HERE for full coverage of the tragedy at the elementary school. 
  
 Law enforcement sources tell ABC News that reports that the shooter recently attempted to purchase a gun at a local sporting goods store have not been substantiated at this time. 
  
 Adam Lanza used a Bushmaster .223 semi-automatic rifle at close range to kill children and adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut on Friday. 
  
 Two handguns were also found at the scene, but law enforcement officials described the Bushmaster as the primary weapon. A fourth weapon was found nearby. The weapons discovered at the school apparently belonged to a family member, possibly his mother, according to authorities. 
  
 Lanza, 20, forced his way into Sandy Hook on Friday morning and killed 20 children and six adults before committing suicide. He drove to the school after shooting his mother in the face at their home. 
  
 The weapons that police recovered from the scene included a Glock 9-mm handgun, a Sig Sauer 9-mm handgun and a Bushmaster rifle. Police also found .223 shell casings. Lanza was wearing a bullet-proof vest. 
  
 The shooter's mother, 52-year-old Nancy Lanza, had five weapons registered to her, including a Glock, a Sig Sauer, and a Bushmaster rifle. 
  
 Police said the Glock, the Sig Sauer and the Bushmaster at the school appeared to be registered to a family member. Authorities are currently completing their checks to see which weapons were used in the slayings, to whom they were registered and how they were obtained. 
  
 Lanza, who was described by neighbors and former classmates as being very bright, took six classes at Western Connecticut State University in 2008 and 2009, beginning when he was just 16, and had a grade point average of 3.26. 
  
 According to Paul Steinmetz, Director of University of Relations at Western Connecticut State University in Danbury, Lanza started at the school in the summer of 2008, took a couple classes that fall and then in the spring and summer of 2009. 
  
 A 16-year-old attending classes is rare, not unique, Steinmetz said. 
  
 He said that some high school students sign up for classes at the college if they are particularly good in some subject. He said the school has probably a few 16-year-olds every semester. 
  
 Lanza took courses in computer science, such as website design, the computer language called BASIC, and data modeling, as well as in philosophy, American history and economics. 
  
 Steinmetz said he had not heard from anybody on the staff who has any knowledge of Lanza at all, but it would be unusual for a professor to remember a student in a class from four years ago. 
  
 He said that in the classes Lanza took there would likely be 20 to 25 students. 
  
 Long before Lanza's spree residents of Newtown had noticed that tall, pale boy was different, and believed he had some kind of unspecified personality disorder. 
  
 "Adam Lanza has been a weird kid since we were five years old," wrote a neighbor and former classmate Timothy Dalton on Twitter. "As horrible as this was, I can't say I am surprised." 
  
 In school, Lanza carried a black briefcase and spoke little. Every day, he wore a sort of uniform: khakis and a shirt buttoned up to the neck, with pens lined up in his shirt pocket. 
  
 A former classmate in his 10th grade honors English class, Olivia DeVivo, says he "was always very nervous and socially awkward." 
  
 She told ABC News that "he didn't really want to be spoken to" and that when teachers would call on him "it appeared physically difficult for him to speak." 
  
 Lanza avoided public attention and had few, if any, friends, though he was a member of the high-school tech club. He liked to sit near the door of the classroom to make a quick exit. |||||
A: