Article:
Though apparently a little fuzzy on the subject of judicial review, President Barack Obama is supposed to be a constitutional scholar of some sort. On the subject of his decision yesterday to unilaterally enact sweeping changes to U.S. immigration policy on nothing but his own say-so, we would like to introduce Barack Obama to Barack Obama, who during a Univision interview just last year affirmed: “America is a nation of laws, which means I, as the president, am obligated to enforce the law. . . . There are enough laws on the books by Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system that for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as president.” A little softness in the polls and one executive order later, the president has reversed himself. 
  
 The president’s executive order will categorically prevent the deportation of certain illegal immigrants who came to the United States as children. It will also grant them work authorizations to which they would not otherwise be entitled under law. The former is unwise and the latter is illegal. 
  
 The federal executive branch, like a local district attorney or a traffic cop, has some discretion about how, when, and whether to prosecute certain violations of the law. Not every driver exceeding the speed limit by 4 mph will receive a ticket, and not every teenager caught shoplifting will face a criminal indictment. Police and prosecutors are granted some leeway in these matters — but they cannot change the speed limit or legalize theft. That requires an act of the legislature. By making the liberal use of this discretion mandatory, the Obama administration is in effect writing new law rather than enforcing existing law. 
  
 The president’s executive order reflects in no small part changes contemplated by Senator Marco Rubio’s DREAM Act and similar legislative proposals, which would allow illegal immigrants brought to this country as children, through no culpability of their own, to remain in the United States and gain access to a process for legalizing their presence. We think that this is a defective proposal, but Senator Rubio may at least be credited with appreciating that changing the law of the land requires changing the law of the land, i.e. an act of Congress. The president does not possess the constitutional authority to do what he proposes to do. 
  
 The executive may of course prioritize deportations. It is reasonable to invest more resources in deporting a narcotics cartel foot soldier than in chasing down high-school seniors who have been in the country for 99 percent of their lives. (Never mind, for the moment, the question of whether Homeland Security lacks sufficient resources to enforce the law across the board; if it did, the answer would be more resources for enforcement, something that the administration has not pursued with any vigor despite congressional solicitousness.) Prioritization is one thing; what the president does not have the power to do is to mandate across-the-board legal status for those low-priority illegals. We could, if we so chose, establish an amnesty process for legalizing those illegals we deem worthy of clemency, but to do so would require Congress to propose and enact legislation. In fact, several proposals have come up in Congress to do just that, and they have been uniformly rejected. 
  
 The president’s executive order violates the constitutional separation of powers that defines the political architecture of our republic. If Congress allows this illegitimate executive order to stand, it will have in effect delegated its power to make law to the president. 
  
 This executive order would, therefore, be entirely unacceptable even if it represented good policy. But it does not. Congress has been correct to reject earlier attempts at this sort of limited amnesty, and the American public is correct to remain generally skeptical of amnesty proposals. The amnesty proponents will of course point to any number of cases in which a young person is facing a painful situation through no fault of his own, and one would have to have a heart as hard as coffin nails not to sympathize, but the fact is that it was not the people of the United States who put these young people in legal jeopardy — it was their parents. Without first ensuring effective enforcement at the border and at the workplace, any step toward normalizing the status of those here in violation of the law invites more of the same abuse and disorder. 
  
 Further, there exists no reliable mechanism for investigating when and how these illegal immigrants entered the country. Being undocumented, as the politically correct term has it, they have in many cases little or no evidence that they did not show up in the United States the day before yesterday in full knowledge that they were violating the law. 
  
 Congress already has spoken on this amnesty proposal, and the answer was “No.” Even the president has to take no for an answer when the law requires him to. Barack Obama once knew that. He probably still does. ||||| President Barack Obama on Friday tried to grab back the mantle of change — and remind his base why they came out in force for him four years ago. 
  
 The broad strokes are the same as when he declared his support for gay marriage last month: a key 2008 constituency that had spent three and a half years nursing its disappointment, now thrown a late-breaking move to ramp up its enthusiasm. 
  
 Text Size - 
  
 + 
  
 reset 
  
 In both, the president had very little to lose — many voters who dislike his support for gay marriage or refusal to deport young immigrants probably weren’t in play anyway. But he had a huge amount to gain in enthusiasm, in reconnecting with the spirit of his first campaign, and most of all, in driving up turnout. 
  
 In an election that could well turn on the margin of Latinos supporting him in key swing states — and coming out to the polls — that’s no small matter. 
  
 The policy shift is Obama’s latest and perhaps most controversial flexing of administration power to bend a reality that Congress wouldn’t change. Comprehensive immigration reform remains untouched, the DREAM Act — which would create a path to citizenship for some young illegal immigrants — is all but dead on Capitol Hill. 
  
 But Friday, the president went as far under federal policy as he could without Congress. There’s no path to citizenship, but hundreds of thousands of young people born abroad and brought into the country illegally no longer have to worry that they’ll be deported as soon as they finish high school. 
  
 The Department of Homeland Security directive would end deportation for people under 30 who came to the U.S. under the age of 16, have lived here continuously for the past five years, have graduated from high school or have been honorably discharged from the military — so long as they don’t have serious criminal records. 
  
 “These are young people who study in our schools, they play in our neighborhoods, they’re friends with our kids, they pledge allegiance to our flag,” Obama said in the Rose Garden. “They are Americans in their heart, in their minds, in every single way but one: On paper.” 
  
 Obama holds a wide margin over Republican Mitt Romney among Latinos, who are concentrated in several key election states, including Nevada, Colorado and Florida. But the president’s failure to deliver on comprehensive immigration reform has not gone unnoticed among Latinos, nor has the record number of deportations during his administration. 
  
 His announcement Friday seems likely to change that. 
  
 “It might move the undecideds, but its real effect is going to be on energizing Latino voters who were relatively dispirited after the deportations and the failure to act on immigration reform,” said Gary Segura, a co-founder of the polling firm Latino Decisions. “Both candidates are trying to get both choice and turnout. It helps Obama some on choice, and it helps him a lot on turnout.” 
  
 Segura called the new policy a win for the president politically that has the potential to move the needle in Virginia and North Carolina — despite having relatively small Latino populations, those states are homes to many immigrants. 
  
 But Segura said the greatest impact will be on three other states that are must-wins for the Obama campaign and heavily Latino. 
  
 “In the case of Nevada and Colorado, states that the president is likely to win, this will move the goal posts for Mitt Romney even further. In a state like Florida, which I think is going to be a very competitive state, I think this helps Obama moderately among Latino voters there,” Segura said. 
  
 In Florida — the eternal swing state, this year with two more electoral votes — Obama’s gotten people’s attention. 
  
 Latinos in South and Central Florida “are not going to look on this lightly,” said Ana Cruz, a Tampa-based Democratic strategist who worked as Hillary Clinton’s Florida spokeswoman during the 2008 presidential campaign. 
  
 Asked if this will energize Obama’s base, Cruz replied, “It absolutely should. If Latinos cannot get fired about this and about some of the Hispanic initiatives and the appointment of [Justice] Sonia Sotomayor, then shame on them, shame on us.” 
  
 Jennifer Duffy, senior editor for the Cook Political Report, said she isn’t sure if the new action puts a specific state in play, “but that might not be as important as getting Hispanic turnout to the level it was in 2008.” Hispanic voters backed Obama 67 percent to 31 percent over Sen. John McCain, according to Pew exit polls. ||||| President Obama’s Hispanic gamble 
  
 By Jordy Yager - 
  
 President Obama laid his chips down in a major election-year gamble this week that could help make or break his re-election bid for the White House. 
  
 In a dead heat with Republican Mitt Romney, Obama has struggled in recent weeks, suffering a number of setbacks, and losing much of the news cycle momentum that carried him to Pennsylvania Ave. more than three years ago. 
  
 The president’s been plagued by poor job report numbers, a public speaking gaffe in which he said the private sector was doing “fine,” a failed voter recall election of Wisconsin’s Republican governor, and a relentless amount of political fire aimed at his attorney general on two fronts from GOP lawmakers on Capitol Hill. 
  
 But with Friday’s announcement that his administration would not deport certain young people who are in the country illegally, Obama threw down his chips, partially fulfilling a campaign promise he made to Latinos in his bid to be president, and putting Romney and Republican congressional hopefuls in a bind. 
  
 Obama is actively grinding to hold onto the 67 percent of Latinos who voted for him in 2008, while he has battled an increasingly vocal tide of Latino advocacy groups who have not been timid in voicing their disapproval of his inability to pass comprehensive immigration reform or the DREAM Act. 
  
 The grand move on Friday was one in a series of steps Obama has taken recently in an effort to galvanize his liberal base, including his public endorsement of marriage equality aimed at gay-rights advocates and his decision to require religious organizations to grant their employees’ access to birth control in a nod to pro-choice supporters. 
  
  
  
  
  
 The political payoff of the new immigration policy could be huge, according to some experts, who cite the large Latino populations in key electoral states, such as Florida, Nevada, Colorado, New Mexico, and Virginia. 
  
 But it could also backfire for Obama among demographics that worry greatly about illegal immigrants taking job opportunities away from people in the country legally. The White House said it expects about 800,000 young illegal immigrants to take part in its new policy to gain temporary worker status. 
  
 “It's a medium risk, high reward strategy,” said Democratic strategist Jamal Simmons. 
  
 “I think you risk angering people who are upset about immigration, yes. But for a president who’s got to win Florida, Nevada, Colorado, it is definitely something that can give the Latino community something to rally around.” 
  
 The news of the policy shift threatened to take the wind out of Romney’s sails as he began a greatly hyped five-day, six-state bus tour on Friday and took to blasting Obama for being “detached” and “distant” while making no mention of the president's announcement. 
  
 But Republicans on Capitol Hill easily made up for any silence from Romney’s camp, with top-ranking GOP lawmakers relentlessly blasting the decision. Some called it unconstitutional, while Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa), a member of the Tea Party, promised to sue the administration for circumventing Congress’s authority. 
  
 Anticipating the blowback, the White House lost no time in conducting a full-court press on the issue as it launched Democratic lawmakers, staffers, and operatives across the country to spread the president’s message of what the new policy entails. 
  
 More than two-dozen senior administration officials are scheduled to hold an all-day White House Hispanic Community Action Summit in Maryland on Saturday where they will join Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) in laying out the details of the new policy. 
  
 And Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-Ill.), one of Obama’s most influential supporters in the Latino community and chairman of the Immigration Task Force of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, immediately went to the mats for the president as he announced plans to hold an information session on Monday to help immigrants in Chicago understand the details of the new policy. 
  
 Meanwhile, Obama campaign press secretary Ben LaBolt shot out an email aimed at painting a large divide between Romney and Obama just hours after the president addressed reporters in the Rose Garden. 
  
 “During the primaries, Gov. Romney called the DREAM Act a handout and said he would veto it,” LaBolt said in a statement. “Today he continues to refuse to express support for legislation that lets children who were brought to the U.S. and want to contribute by pursuing higher education or serving in the military stay in America.” |||||Summary: