Please answer the following question: Information:  - Michael Gregory Rowe (born March 18, 1962) is an American actor primarily known as a television host and narrator. Known for his work on the Discovery Channel series "Dirty Jobs" and the CNN series "Somebody's Gotta Do It". Rowe has narrated programs on the Discovery Channel, The Science Channel and National Geographic Channel such as "Deadliest Catch", "How the Universe Works", and "Shark Week". He has appeared on commercials for firms such as the Ford Motor Company. On Facebook he has 4+ million followers, where his frequent essays draw anywhere from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of "likes". He's served as a social activist on the causes of economic growth and job expansion as well. Past efforts include being a singer performing opera and as a salesman.  Early life and personal interests. Rowe was born in Baltimore, Maryland, to John and Peggy Rowe. Rowe stated in commercials for "Dirty Jobs" that the show is a tribute to his father and grandfather. Rowe became a Scout in 1979 in Troop 16 in Baltimore. During his service project for Eagle Scout at the Maryland School for the Blind, he read aloud to students, and he cites this as one of the reasons he became interested in narrating and writing. On being an Eagle Scout, he said "The Eagle Award is not really meant for people who need to be dragged across the finish line. It's meant for a select few... ."' In June 2012, Rowe was awarded the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award by the Boy Scouts of America.  - New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island, or Te Ika-a-Mui, and the South Island, or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long period of isolation, New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks, such as the Southern Alps, owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions. New Zealand's capital city is Wellington, while its most populous city is Auckland.  - Satellite television is  according to "article 1.39" of the International Telecommunication Unions (ITU) ITU Radio Regulations (RR)  a "Broadcasting-satellite service".  - Internet television (or online television) is the digital distribution of television content, such as TV shows, via the public Internet (which also carries other types of data), as opposed to dedicated terrestrial television via an over the air aerial system, cable television, and/or satellite television systems. It is also sometimes called web television, though this phrase is also used to describe the genre of TV shows broadcast only online.  - Discovery Communications, Inc. is an American global mass media and entertainment company based in Silver Spring, Maryland. The company started as a single channel in 1985, The Discovery Channel.  - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.  - The Boy Scouts of America (BSA) is the largest Scouting organization in the United States of America and one of the largest youth organizations in the United States with more than 2.4 million youth participants and nearly one million adult volunteers. The BSA was founded in 1910 and, since then, more than 110 million Americans have been participants in BSA programs at some time.. The BSA is part of the international Scout Movement and became a founding member organization of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1922.  - Terrestrial television or broadcast television is a type of television broadcasting in which the television signal is transmitted by radio waves from the terrestrial (Earth based) transmitter of a television station to a TV receiver having an antenna. The term is more common in Europe, while in North America it is referred to as broadcast television or sometimes over-the-air television (OTA). The term "terrestrial" is used to distinguish this type from the newer technologies of satellite television (direct broadcast satellite or DBS television), in which the television signal is transmitted to the receiver from an overhead satellite, and cable television, in which the signal is carried to the receiver through a cable.  - The Cable News Network (CNN) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel owned by the Turner Broadcasting System division of Time Warner. It was founded in 1980 by American media proprietor Ted Turner as a 24-hour cable news channel; however, by April 2016, a CNN executive officially described the channel as "no longer a TV news network" and instead as "a 24-hour global multiplatform network." Upon its launch, CNN was the first television channel to provide 24-hour news coverage, and was the first all-news television channel in the United States.  - Dirty Jobs is a TV series on the Discovery Channel in which host Mike Rowe is shown performing difficult , strange , disgusting , or messy occupational duties alongside the typical employees . The show , produced by Pilgrim Films & Television , premiered with three pilot episodes in November 2003 . It returned as a series on July 26 , 2005 , running for eight seasons until September 12 , 2012 . The show 's setting was refocused in Australia for the eighth season , advertised as Dirty Jobs Down Under . There is also a European edition of the show hosted by former Manchester United and Denmark goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel . On November 21 , 2012 , Rowe announced that Discovery Channel had cancelled Dirty Jobs . In 2014 , Rowe announced that CNN had picked up Somebody 's Got ta Do It , starring him and featuring many of the Dirty Jobs crew .  - Shark Week is an annual, week-long TV programming block created by Tom Golden at the Discovery Channel, which features shark-based programming. Shark Week originally premiered on July 17, 1988. Featured annually, in July and/or early August, it was originally devoted to conservation efforts and correcting misconceptions about sharks. Over time, it grew in popularity and became a hit on the Discovery Channel. Since 2010, it has been the longest-running cable television programming event in history. Now broadcast in over 72 countries, Shark Week is promoted heavily via social networks like Facebook and Twitter. Episodes of recent years are also available for purchase on services like Google Play Movies & TV/YouTube, Amazon Video, and iTunes. Some episodes are free on subscription-based Hulu.  - The Distinguished Eagle Scout Award (DESA) is a distinguished service award of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). It is awarded to an Eagle Scout for distinguished service in his profession and to his community for a period of at least 25 years after attaining the level of Eagle Scout. Other requirements include significant accomplishment in one's career and a solid record of continued community volunteer involvement. It is one of only two BSA awards given to adults that is dependent upon the recipient's having been awarded Eagle Scout as a youth; the other is the NESA Outstanding Eagle Scout Award. Recipients of the DESA are known as Distinguished Eagle Scouts.  - Papua New Guinea (PNG  Hiri Motu: "Papua Niu Gini"), officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia, a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia. Its capital, located along its southeastern coast, is Port Moresby. The western half of New Guinea forms the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua.  - Facebook (FB) is an American for-profit corporation and online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park, California. The Facebook website was launched on February 4, 2004, by Mark Zuckerberg, along with fellow Harvard College students and roommates, Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.  - Discovery Channel (formerly The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav. , Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.  - The Maryland School for the Blind, located in the northeast corner of Baltimore, (MSB) is a private, statewide resource center providing outreach, school and residential programs to children and youth from as early as the age of 5 to age 21 who are blind or visually impaired, including those with multiple disabilities. By the time students graduate when they are 21, they must leave the school because that is the age where public education is no longer free. This law regarding free education applies to all public school students, not just the students at MSB. Over 70% of the 1,800 students in Maryland who are blind or visually impaired attend the school every year.  - Indonesia (or ; Indonesian: ), officially the Republic of Indonesia, is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania. Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans, it is the world's largest island country, with more than seventeen thousand islands. At , Indonesia is the world's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area. It has an estimated population of over 260 million people and is the world's fourth most populous country, the most populous Austronesian nation, as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country. The world's most populous island of Java contains more than half of the country's population.  - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.  - Deadliest Catch is a reality television series produced by Original Productions for the Discovery Channel. It portrays the real life events aboard fishing vessels in the Bering Sea during the Alaskan king crab, snow crab and bairdi crab fishing seasons.  - East Timor or Timor-Leste (Tetum: "Timór Lorosa'e"), officially the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, is a sovereign state in Maritime Southeast Asia. It comprises the eastern half of the island of Timor; the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco; and Oecusse, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island surrounded by Indonesian West Timor. The country's size is about 15,410 km (5,400 sq mi).  - Opera (English plural: "operas"; Italian plural: "opere" ) is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text (libretto) and musical score, usually in a theatrical setting. In traditional opera, singers do two types of singing: recitative, a speech-inflected style and arias, a more melodic style. Opera incorporates many of the elements of spoken theatre, such as acting, scenery, and costumes and sometimes includes dance. The performance is typically given in an opera house, accompanied by an orchestra or smaller musical ensemble, which since the early 19th century has been led by a conductor.  - Solomon Islands is a sovereign country consisting of six major islands and over 900 smaller islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of . The country's capital, Honiara, is located on the island of Guadalcanal. The country takes its name from the Solomon Islands archipelago, which is a collection of Melanesian islands that also includes the North Solomon Islands (part of Papua New Guinea), but excludes outlying islands, such as Rennell and Bellona, and the Santa Cruz Islands.  - Internet Protocol television (IPTV) is the delivery of television content using signals based on the logical Internet protocol (IP), rather than through traditional terrestrial, satellite signal, and cable television formats. Unlike downloaded media, IPTV offers the ability to stream the source media continuously. As a result, a client media player can begin playing the data (such as a TV channel) almost immediately. This is known as streaming media.  - The Weather Channel is an American basic cable and satellite television channel, owned by a consortium made up of The Blackstone Group, Bain Capital, and NBCUniversal. Its headquarters are located in Atlanta, Georgia.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'dirty jobs' with the relationship of 'genre'.  Choices: - animal  - art  - article  - basic  - country  - dance  - education  - entertainment  - fishing  - genre  - law  - libretto  - march  - mass  - musical  - news  - opera  - orchestra  - radio  - reality television  - social media  - social networking service  - television  - united states of america  - urban  - various  - video  - youth
A: