Write a summary based on this article:

For more than 10 years, it was something Mindy McGillivray said she shared only with a close circle of family and friends. 
  
 That changed Sunday night. Donald Trump was asked during the presidential debate about when he bragged that he kissed women without their consent and grabbed their genitals – remarks captured on audio that surfaced last week. 
  
 Photographer Ken Davidoff and his friend, Mindy McGillivray, at Mar-a-Lago on Jan. 24, 2003. 
  
 News | WFXT 
  
 Trump apologized for the remarks and dismissed them as “locker room talk.” But the debate moderator, CNN’s Anderson Cooper, asked Trump to clarify: “Have you ever done those things?” 
  
 “No, I have not,’’ Trump replied. 
  
 Watching at home in Palm Springs, McGillivray said she rose from her couch and yelled at the TV screen: “‘You liar!’’’ 
  
 Read more of The Palm Beach Post's coverage of Donald Trump 
  
 McGillivray, 36, said she was groped by Trump at Mar-a-Lago 13 years ago. She said she never reported it to authorities. 
  
 Many McGillivray says she is leaving country 
  
 But her companion that day, photographer Ken Davidoff, vividly remembers when McGillivray pulled him aside moments after the alleged incident and told him, ‘’Donald just grabbed my ass!’’ 
  
 The New York Times reported Wednesday that two other women came forward to say Trump groped them — one who sat next to him on a flight 30 years ago and another who encountered him outside an elevator at Trump Tower. 
  
 The Post has reached out to the Trump campaign for comment about McGillivray’s story. 
  
 More Trump news: Trump sex-brag tape released on eve of second debate | Heartland verdict: Trump’s still in it 
  
 According to Davidoff, it was Jan. 24, 2003, when he and his father, the late Palm Beach society photographer Bob Davidoff, took photos at Mar-a-Lago during a concert by Ray Charles. Bob Davidoff for years was the Kennedys’ favored photographer in Palm Beach. 
  
 Ken Davidoff said he brought his friend McGillivray to help him during the concert. Her job was to keep numbered name plates of everyone the Davidoffs photographed. 
  
 The Davidoffs were the official photographers of Mar-a-Lago, a deal they got only after Trump demanded he get 20 percent of their proceeds, Ken Davidoff said. 
  
 McGillivray, who was 23 at the time, said it was one of five or six times she helped Davidoff on photo shoots at Mar-a-Lago. 
  
 “Ken says, ‘We’re going to get backstage. Ray Charles is going to be there.’ He was one of my idols,’’ she recalled. “Ken wanted to get a picture of me and Ray, but that didn’t happen because he had all these bodyguards.’’ 
  
 After the show, Davidoff and McGillivray were standing in a pavilion behind the main house in the middle of a group of people. To their left was Regis Philbin and his wife, Joy, according to Davidoff. To McGillivray’s immediate right was Trump and his fiancée, Melania. 
  
 “Ray already performed. He’s ready to leave. He’s saying his goodbyes to everyone,’’ McGillivray recalled. 
  
 “All of a sudden I felt a grab, a little nudge. I think it’s Ken’s camera bag, that was my first instinct. I turn around and there’s Donald. He sort of looked away quickly. I quickly turned back, facing Ray Charles, and I’m stunned.’’ 
  
 McGillivray said she remembers saying to herself, ‘’‘OK, am I going to say something now and make a scene or be quiet?’ I chose to stay quiet.’’ 
  
 Davidoff said he did not witness the alleged groping but he said he has never had any reason to doubt McGillivray. 
  
 Asked about the possibility that what she felt was Trump or someone accidentally bumping into her, McGillivray said no. “This was a pretty good nudge. More of a grab,’’ she said. “It was pretty close to the center of my butt. I was startled. I jumped.’’ 
  
 She said she had had another encounter with Trump about two years earlier at Mar-a-Lago, when she helped Davidoff photograph a New Year’s Eve party in 2001. 
  
 She was walking out of a restroom “and Donald caught me right before I headed downstairs. He goes, ‘It’s a cool evening, isn’t it?’’’ she said, mocking his voice. “He had this debonair tone. He was totally flirting,’’ she said. 
  
 “And then here comes Melania to save the day. She sees me. She had this shawl on because it was cold on New Year’s. And she whips the shawl behind her neck and storms off into the bathroom. I made a quick pivot and went straight downstairs and he went after her.’’ 
  
 Related: Full presidential election coverage 
  
  
  
 After the alleged groping incident, McGillivray never encountered Trump again. She said the incident is something she and her family and the Davidoffs would bring up periodically over the years, sometimes joking about it. 
  
 When Trump entered the presidential race, she said she started telling the story to more friends. One day last week, Davidoff came across a photo his father took that night in 2003 of Trump and Charles. 
  
 “He sent it to me and was like, ‘Remember that night?’ ‘Oh, yeah. I remember that night,’’’ McGillivray said. 
  
 When Trump told Cooper during the debate Sunday that he never groped a woman, McGillivray said she started to consider sharing her story. With Davidoff’s help, she reached out separately to The Palm Beach Post and to a Hillary Clinton campaign office on Lake Worth Road. 
  
 She knows her past may be scrutinized. She told The Post she has numerous traffic infractions over the years and two felony arrests. She was arrested when she was 17 for breaking into a school and got probation. And in 2012, she was arrested on DUI and child neglect charges because a child was in the car. She was adjudicated guilty of a misdemeanor. 
  
 She is registered to vote as having no party affiliation. She said she would have loved to see Bernie Sanders win the Democratic nomination but she will vote for Clinton. 
  
 It’s important “to set a good example for my daughter,’’ she told The Post. “It’s a respect issue for all women. If something like this happens to you, you should speak up.’’ 
  
 Staff researcher Melanie Mena contributed to this story. ||||| The New York Times' general counsel has just informed Donald Trump's lawyer, in scathing terms, that it will not retract its story about two women who claim that Trump touched them inappropriately. 
  
 In a letter to Trump attorney Marc E. Kasowitz sent Thursday, New York Times general counsel David McCraw wrote, of the request that the Times retract the story, "We decline to do so." 
  
 McCraw then laid into Kasowitz and his client, writing, "The essence of a libel claim, of course, is the protection of one's reputation. Mr. Trump has bragged about his non-consensual sexual touching of women. He has bragged about intruding on beauty pageant contestants in their dressing rooms. He acquiesced to a radio host's request to discuss Mr. Trump's own daughter as a 'piece of ass.' Multiple women not mentioned in our article have publicly come forward to report on Mr. Trump's unwanted advances." 
  
 He continued: "Nothing in our article has had the slightest effect on the reputation that Mr. Trump, through his own words and actions, has already created for himself." 
  
 Times sources told CNNMoney there were spontaneous bursts of applause for McCraw when he walked through the paper's newsroom on Thursday afternoon. 
  
 Related: Read full letter by the New York Times 
  
 Trump said at a Thursday afternoon rally in Florida that "we are preparing" a suit against The Times. 
  
 Nothing has been filed yet. "Lawyers are doing the due diligence needed to file such a massive suit," a Trump campaign official said on condition of anonymity. 
  
 Legal experts have doubts that Trump will actually file such a suit. 
  
 The Times story featured two women, Jessica Leeds and Rachel Crooks, who said that Trump made inappropriate physical advances on them. CNN has not been able to independently confirm their accounts. 
  
 When Times reporter Megan Twohey interviewed Trump by phone Tuesday night, "he threatened to sue us if we published these allegations," Twohey told CNNMoney. She quoted Trump as saying that "none of this ever took place." She said Trump shouted at her and called her "a disgusting human being." 
  
 Twohey also received a legal letter from a Trump attorney Wednesday afternoon. The Times published the story online shortly before 7 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 "I think it is pretty evident this story falls clearly in the realm of public service journalism, and discussing issues that arose from the tape and his comments since it surfaced," Times executive editor Dean Baquet told CNNMoney. 
  
 The legal threats continued Wednesday night. "NYT editors, reporters, politically motivated accusers better lawyer up," a Trump campaign official said. 
  
 Shortly after midnight Thursday, a lawyer representing Trump, Marc E. Kasowitz, sent a letter to Baquet saying "your article is reckless, defamatory and constitutes libel per se." 
  
 "We hereby demand that you immediately cease any further publication of this article, remove it from your website and issue a full and immediate retraction and apology. Failure to do so will leave my client with no option but to purse all available actions and remedies," Kasowitz wrote. 
  
 The letter lacks any substantive facts to cast doubt on the Times story, and is not a lawsuit. 
  
 In his response to Kasowitz, McCraw -- who canceled his "annual update on newsroom law" session that he was going to hold for staffers on Thursday -- also wrote, "The women quoted in our story spoke out on an issue of national importance -- indeed, an issue that Mr. Trump himself discussed with the whole nation watching during Sunday night's presidential debate.... It would have been a disservice not just to our readers but to democracy itself to silence their voices.... If Mr. Trump disagrees, if he believes that American citizens had no right to hear what these women had to say and that the law of this country forces us and those who would dare to criticize him to stand silent or be punished, we welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight." 
  
 What might happen next? 
  
 Along with the potential suit against the Times, high-ranking sources within the Trump campaign also said they were "drafting" a lawsuit against The Palm Beach Post, which published a separate story. 
  
 A lawyer for Trump similarly threatened to sue The Times when it published several pages of his 1995 tax return earlier this month, but did not follow through. 
  
 If the Trump campaign does proceed with lawsuits in this case, it would be a break from past practice, and it will give both the Times and the Post the opportunity to pursue discovery and request information on Trump's entire sexual history, because Trump would have the burden of proving falsity and actual malice. 
  
 In the Times story, Leeds alleges that Trump, whom she says she had never met before, grabbed her breasts and tried to put his hand up her skirt while the two were on an airplane more than three decades ago. Crooks, who worked in Trump Tower at a company that Trump did not own, says Trump kissed her outside an elevator after she introduced herself. The Post features a woman named Mindy McGillivray who says she was groped by Trump at Mar-a-Lago when she was 23. 
  
 Twohey said Crooks, who was was initially reluctant to speak publicly, reached out to the newspaper after it published a story in May titled "Crossing the Line: How Donald Trump Behaved With Women in Private." 
  
 Leeds, the other woman in the Times article, contacted the newspaper after Sunday's debate, when Trump was asked by CNN's Anderson Cooper if he had ever done the things he described in that video. 
  
 "No, I have not," Trump said. 
  
 Michael Barbaro, who co-bylined the story with Twohey, tweeted Wednesday night, "This story might not have happened unless @andersoncooper had asked the pointed questions he did at debate." 
  
 The Times report comes in the wake of the release of a 2005 recording in which Trump boasted about being able to kiss women and grope them in ways that would amount to sexual assault. 
  
 In a statement on the Times' report earlier on Wednesday night, Trump spokesman Jason Miller said the "entire article is fiction." 
  
 "For the New York Times to launch a completely false, coordinated character assassination against Mr. Trump on a topic like this is dangerous," Miller said in the statement. "To reach back decades in an attempt to smear Mr. Trump trivializes sexual assault, and it sets a new low for where the media is willing to go in its efforts to determine this election." 
  
 Late Wednesday night, People Magazine also published a report by one of its writers, Natasha Stoynoff, in which she alleged that she had been physically attacked by Trump at Mar-a-Lago while writing a profile on Trump's one-year wedding anniversary to his wife Melania. CNN has not been able to independently confirm her account. 
  
 The Trump campaign did not respond to request for comment regarding that story, but a Trump spokesperson told People, "This never happened. There is no merit or veracity to this fabricated story." 
  
 On Thursday morning, Trump also took to Twitter to say, "Why didn't the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the 'incident' in her story. Because it did not happen!" 
  
 A lawyer for Melania Trump sent a letter to People, demanding only that certain lines be removed from the story. Those sentences depicted a friendly encounter between Mrs. Trump, her son Baron and Stoynoff some time after the alleged incident with Trump. 
  
 Melania Trump's lawyers insist that the encounter never happened and want that section of the story retracted and an apology issued. 
  
 People Magazine editor-in-chief Jess Cagle responded in a statement, writing, "We are grateful to Natasha Stoynoff for telling her story. Ms. Stoynoff is a remarkable, ethical, honest and patriotic woman, and she has shared her story of being physically attacked by Donald Trump in 2005 because she felt it was her duty to make the public aware. To assign any other motive is a disgusting, pathetic attempt to victimize her again. We stand steadfastly by her, and are proud to publish her clear, credible account of what happened." |||||

Summary: