Article:

Could divide and conquer work for Mitt Romney one more time? Two polls released Wednesday in the showdown state of Florida suggest that it might, unless Newt Gingrich can re-energize his populist, anti-establishment coalition before next Tuesday's vote.From mid-December, when Romney launched his first offensive against Gingrich, through the Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary, divide and conquer was the decisive dynamic in the GOP race. Romney moved into the lead during that period because he consolidated the center of the party behind him more than any one of his rivals consolidated the right of the party against him. Instead, conservatives fragmented among a long menu of choices.That pattern flipped in Gingrich's crushing South Carolina victory last Saturday. Gingrich ran better among the key elements of what could be called the GOP's populist wing-including evangelical Christians, strong tea party supporters, non-college voters, those earning less than $50,000 annually and voters who identify as very conservative-than Romney did among the opposite groups in the GOP's managerial wing (non-evangelicals, non-Tea Party supporters, moderates, and more affluent and college-educated voters.) In South Carolina, Gingrich actually won some of those more centrist and pragmatic groups. Even when he didn't, he held down Romney's margin among those groups-while running up his own advantage among their conservative mirror images.The CNN/Time/ORC Florida survey released this afternoon looks less like South Carolina than it does like Iowa. 
  
 Follow National Journal 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Contributors 
  
 Editor, Hotline Last Call! 
  
 E-Mail: talberta@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Tim Alberta is editor of Hotline Last Call!, the afternoon newsletter of National Journal Hotline. He also leads The Hotline’s coverage of the 2012 Republican presidential nomination. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Editorial Director 
  
 E-Mail: rbrownstein@nationaljournal.com. 
  
  
  
 Ronald Brownstein, a two-time finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for his coverage of presidential campaigns, is National Journal Group's Editorial Director, in charge of long-term editorial strategy. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Staff Writer, White House 
  
 E-Mail: gcondon@nationaljournal.com. 
  
  
  
 George E. Condon Jr. is a staff writer covering the White House for National Journal. He joined National Journal at the beginning of the Obama administration, covering the White House for CongressDaily. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Editor, National Journal Daily 
  
 E-Mail: mcooper@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Matthew Cooper is Managing Editor of White House coverage for National Journal. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Editor-in-Chief 
  
 E-Mail: rfournier@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @ron_fournier 
  
 Ron Fournier is the first editor responsible for editorial strategy and execution for all of the National Journal Group products across all platforms: web, print, video and live events. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Lobbying Correspondent 
  
 E-Mail: cfrates@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @frates 
  
 As National Journal’s lobbying correspondent, Chris Frates covers the intersection of money, politics and policy inhabited by Washington’s influence class. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Congress Correspondent 
  
 E-Mail: mgarrett@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Major Garrett is a congressional correspondent for National Journal. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Chief Correspondent 
  
 E-Mail: mhirsh@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @MichaelPHirsh 
  
 Michael Hirsh is chief correspondent for National Journal. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Editor, The Almanac of American Politics 
  
 E-Mail: jkoszczuk@nationaljournal.com. 
  
  
  
 Jackie Koszczuk 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Executive Editor, The Hotline 
  
 E-Mail: jkraushaar@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @HotlineJosh 
  
 Josh Kraushaar is executive editor of National Journal Hotline and pens the weekly “Against the Grain” column. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Managing Editor, Politics 
  
 E-Mail: jlawrence@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @JillDLawrence 
  
 Jill Lawrence is National Journal's managing editor for politics. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Political Correspondent 
  
 E-Mail: breinhard@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @bethreinhard 
  
 Beth Reinhard is a political correspondent for National Journal. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Staff Writer, Politics 
  
 E-Mail: aroarty@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @Roarty_NJ 
  
 Alex is a politics writer for National Journal. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Editor-In-Chief, The Hotline 
  
 E-Mail: rwilson@nationaljournal.com. 
  
 Twitter: @HotlineReid 
  
 Reid Wilson is editor-in-chief of National Journal Hotline, and contributes analysis of the national political environment in his weekly column, On The Trail. Reid is also political contributor to Sirius-XM Radio. 
  
 Read more... 
  
 Monthly Archives 
  
 Categories 
  
 Recent Posts ||||| Polling released within the past 24 hours suggests that Mitt Romney has stopped and possibly reversed Newt Gingrich’s momentum before the Florida primary on Tuesday. 
  
 The FiveThirtyEight forecast model still projects Mr. Gingrich as the slight favorite in Florida, giving him a two-point lead and a 60 percent chance of victory. However, this lead is diminished considerably from two days ago, when the model saw a potential double-digit win for Mr. Gingrich, as polls released immediately after the South Carolina primary had him surging in Florida. 
  
 In fact, I suspect that the model is being too conservative and that there is enough evidence — when you look carefully at the day-to-day results — to conclude that Mr. Romney has re-emerged as the slight favorite in Florida instead. 
  
 The complication in Florida is that there are two conflicting trends. It should be quite obvious that Mr. Gingrich’s position is much stronger than it was before Jan. 16; after his strong performance in a debate in Myrtle Beach, S.C., that night, s support began rising sharply in state and national polls. 
  
 However, it looks as though Mr. Gingrich’s surge may have reached its apogee over the weekend — timed perfectly for his big win in South Carolina, but not necessarily for one in Florida next week. 
  
  
  
 The chart below probably does the clearest job of telling the story. It shows the results of all recent Florida polls based on the dates the poll takers were in the field. Often, this includes more detail on the day-by-day breakdowns than is available from the poll’s top-line results, based either on additional information published in the pollster’s cross-tabulations or detail that the polling firm made available to FiveThirtyEight. 
  
 In the chart, you see Mr. Gingrich gaining on Mr. Romney over the course of last week — and then surging ahead after his win in South Carolina. However, since the weekend, Mr. Gingrich appears to have lost ground on Mr. Romney with each passing day. 
  
 Visually, it seems quite obvious what is going on, and there is a lot to be said for that. Pattern recognition is one of those things that our brains tend to be pretty good at — better, usually, than computer algorithms. 
  
 On the other hand, there is some information that this chart disguises that something like the FiveThirtyEight forecast model picks up on. 
  
 For instance, the CNN poll released on Wednesday showed Mr. Gingrich performing much worse in the interviews it conducted on Monday and Tuesday — when he trailed Mr. Romney by nine points — than in the ones it conducted on Sunday, the day after his South Carolina win, when Mr. Gingrich led Mr. Romney by six points instead. However, the sizes of these subsamples are tiny — CNN interviewed 369 voters in total, and dividing them up in this way yields margins of sampling error in the range of about 7.5 percentage points. In contrast, some of the polls released on Sunday and Monday had considerably larger sample sizes. 
  
 Another pollster to show this kind of shift — the American Research Group — has performed well this year in the first three early-voting states. But its overall track record has been quite mixed. 
  
 Because the model considers things like a firm’s track record and the sample size of a poll in addition to the field dates, it’s not quite persuaded that the short-term trend over the past 48 hours is enough to outweigh the medium-term trend toward Mr. Gingrich, for which there is less ambiguous evidence. 
  
 Meanwhile, some of the anecdotal evidence still seems quite favorable for Mr. Gingrich: he has drawn much larger crowds than Mr. Romney to his events in Florida, for instance, which could be a sign that his voters are more enthusiastic and more likely to turn out. 
  
 Still, I think the model is being too stubborn in this instance, and this is one of those times I would probably bet against its forecasts. It is not as if all of this is happening in a vacuum: there was a debate, for instance, on Monday night, and although both pundit reaction and polls of debate watchers suggested that it was more or less a draw, Mr. Romney may have done enough damage on Mr. Gingrich’s ties to Freddie Mac and his resignation as House speaker to raise fresh doubts in voters’ minds about his candidacy. 
  
 Another piece of context is that the polls have been unusually volatile all year, perhaps because of the way the news cycle is changing and speeding up. 
  
 The model uses data going as far back as 1980 to calibrate its results. Perhaps back then, it would have been appropriate to be skeptical that Mr. Gingrich could lose his momentum so quickly — especially when this evidence is based on polls with limited sample sizes or mixed track records. But we may be living in a different world now. 
  
 And yet, that volatility suggests that even if Mr. Gingrich has lost the momentum, he might easily regain it again — for instance, if he performs well at the next debate on Thursday. ||||| 7 years ago 
  
 Jacksonville, Florida (CNN) - One day before the final GOP presidential debate in Florida, it's all tied up between Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich, according to a new survey. 
  
 A CNN/Time/ORC International Poll also indicates that while Gingrich surged following his 12-point victory in Saturday's South Carolina primary, his momentum appears to be quickly cooling off. 
  
 CNN LIVE: Tune in Thursday at 8 p.m. ET for the CNN/Republican Party of Florida Debate hosted by Wolf Blitzer and follow it on Twitter at #CNNDebate. For real-time coverage of the Florida primary, go to CNNPolitics.com or to the CNN apps or CNN mobile web site. 
  
 Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @politicalticker 
  
 According to the poll, 36% of people likely to vote in Tuesday's Republican primary in the Sunshine State say they are backing Romney as the party's nominee, with 34% supporting Gingrich. The former Massachusetts governor's two point margin over the former House speaker is well within the survey's sampling error. 
  
 Former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania is at 11% and Rep. Ron Paul of Texas is at 9%, with 7% unsure. The poll's Wednesday release comes one day before a CNN-Republican Party of Florida presidential debate at the University of North Florida in Jacksonville. The showdown is the last time the candidates will face off on the same stage before Tuesday's winner-take-all primary, where 50 delegates are up for grabs. 
  
 "In the wake of his double-digit victory in the South Carolina primary, Newt Gingrich has nearly doubled his support in Florida," says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. "The current numbers are the result of some wild swings for and against the two frontrunners." 
  
 Gingrich was at 18% support in Florida and trailed Romney by 25 points in CNN's last poll in the state, which was conducted Jan. 13-17. 
  
 The new survey was conducted Sunday through Tuesday, after the Palmetto State primary, and mostly before and partially after Monday night's Republican presidential debate in Tampa, where in a role reversal, Romney aggressively attacked Gingrich. 
  
 On Sunday, the day after Gingrich won big in South Carolina, he was at 38% in Florida, with Romney at 36%, Santorum at 11% and Paul at 8%. Looking only at Monday and Tuesday's results, Romney was at 38%, Gingrich 29% Santorum at 11% and Paul at 9%. 
  
 "Gingrich's post-Palmetto State bounce did not last long," adds Holland. "Monday's debate may have something to do with that, but the data indicate that the shift to Romney began 
  
 before the debate started, so there are clearly other forces at work." 
  
 The poll indicates that Gingrich has a 10-point lead over Romney among self-described conservatives and appears to do better than Romney among born-again Christians and tea party movement supporters. The geography of the state appears to back that up - Gingrich does five points better than Romney in the more conservative northern and central parts of Florida; Romney does better in Tampa Bay, Miami, and southern Florida, where moderates and northern transplants are more prevalent. 
  
 A gender gap appears to have developed as well. In South Carolina, Gingrich won among men and women, according to exit polls. But in Florida, although Gingrich has an edge among men, Romney had the advantage among women. 
  
 "Some of that may be due to recent coverage of Gingrich's personal life, but it is almost certainly due to other factors as well. Gingrich's favorable rating has consistently been higher among men than among women for years before he became a presidential candidate, suggesting that men may find his red-meat approach to issues more appealing than women do," says Holland. 
  
 With six days to go until Florida's GOP primary, which is only open to registered Republicans, one in four questioned said they may change their minds on which candidate they are supporting, while 64% said they are definitely sticking with the candidate they are currently backing. 
  
 The CNN/Time poll was conducted by ORC International from January 22-24, with 369 likely Florida GOP primary voters questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus five percentage points. 
  
 Also see: 
  
 Live blog: 2012 State of the Union 
  
 New Freddie Mac contract prohibits 'lobbying activities' 
  
 Romney resets image with postcards from the edge 
  
 Gingrich gets major help |||||
What is a summary?