Question: Information:  - The Territory of Minnesota was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 3, 1849, until May 11, 1858, when the eastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Minnesota.  - Bloomington is the fourth largest city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is located in Hennepin County on the north bank of the Minnesota River, above its confluence with the Mississippi River. Bloomington lies south of downtown Minneapolis. The city's population is 86,435, according to the 2015 United States Census estimates.  - The Minnesota Golden Gophers football program represents the University of Minnesota in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) level. Founded in 1882, the program is one of the oldest in college football. Minnesota has been a member of the Big Ten Conference since its inception in 1896 as the Western Conference. The Golden Gophers claim seven national championships: 1904, 1934, 1935, 1936, 1940, 1941, and 1960. Since 2009, the Gophers have played all their home games at TCF Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In January 2017, the Gophers fired head coach Tracy Claeys and hired former Western Michigan head coach PJ Fleck as the new head coach.  - Target Field is a baseball park located in downtown Minneapolis. It is the home ballpark of the Minnesota Twins, the state's Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise. It is the franchise's sixth ballpark and third in Minnesota. The Twins moved to Target Field for the 2010 Major League Baseball season after 28 seasons at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome. It is the first facility built specifically for the Twins since the team moved to the Twin Cities in 1961; Metropolitan Stadium was built for the Minneapolis Millers five years before the franchise's first season in Minnesota, and the Metrodome was built as a multipurpose stadium for the Twins, Minnesota Vikings, and the University of Minnesota Golden Gophers football team. The 2010 season was the first since 1936 in which the franchise (then known as the Washington Senators) did not share their home stadium with an NFL team. The Twins received the certificate of occupancy from Mortenson Construction on December 22, 2009. The Twins staff moved in on January 4, 2010.  - The National League of Professional Baseball Clubs, known simply as the National League (NL), is the older of two leagues constituting Major League Baseball (MLB) in the United States and Canada, and the world's oldest current professional team sports league. Founded on February 2, 1876, to replace the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players, it is sometimes called the Senior Circuit, in contrast to MLB's other league, the American League, which was founded 25 years later. Both leagues currently have 15 teams. The two league champions of 1903 arranged to compete against each other in the inaugural World Series. After the 1904 champions failed to reach a similar agreement, the two leagues formalized the World Series as an arrangement between the leagues. National League teams have won 48 of the 112 World Series contested from 1903 to 2016. The 2016 National League champions are the Chicago Cubs.  - The Minnesota Kicks were a professional soccer team that played at Metropolitan Stadium in the Minneapolis suburbs of Bloomington, Minnesota from 1976 to 1981. The team was a member of the now defunct North American Soccer League. The Minnesota Kicks were established in 1976 and quickly became one of the league's more popular teams, with an average attendance of 23,120 fans per game in 1976. The Kicks won their division four years in a row from 197679. The Kicks drew over 23,000 fans in each season from 197679, with attendance peaking at 32,775 in 1977.  - Metropolitan Stadium (often referred to as "the Met", "the Ice Palace" when the Minnesota Vikings played, "Met Stadium", or now "the Old Met" to distinguish from the Metrodome) was a sports stadium that once stood in Bloomington, Minnesota, just outside Minneapolis. The Minneapolis Millers minor league baseball team played at Met Stadium from 1956 to 1960. The Minnesota Twins and the Minnesota Vikings then played at the "Met" from 1961 to 1981. The North American Soccer League soccer team Minnesota Kicks also played there from 1976 to 1981.  - The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball ( MLB ) team based in Minneapolis , Minnesota . They play in the Central Division of the American League . The team is named after the Twin Cities area comprising Minneapolis and St. Paul . They played in Metropolitan Stadium from 1961 to 1981 and the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome from 1982 to 2009 . They played their inaugural game at the newly completed Target Field on April 12 , 2010 . The team was founded in Washington , D.C. in 1901 as one of the eight original teams of the American League , named the Washington Senators or Washington Nationals . Although the Washington team endured long bouts of mediocrity ( immortalized in the 1955 Broadway musical Damn Yankees ) , they had a period of prolonged success in the 1920s and 1930s , led by Baseball Hall of Fame members Bucky Harris , Goose Goslin , Sam Rice , Heinie Manush , Joe Cronin , and above all Walter Johnson . Manager Clark Griffith joined the team in 1912 and became the team 's owner in 1920 . The franchise remained under Griffith family ownership until 1984 . In 1960 , Major League Baseball granted the city of Minneapolis an expansion team . Washington owner Calvin Griffith , Clark 's nephew and adopted son , requested that he be allowed to move his team to Minneapolis and instead give Washington the expansion team . Upon league approval , the team moved to Minnesota after the 1960 season , setting up shop in Metropolitan Stadium , while Washington fielded a brand new `` Washington Senators '' ( which later became the Texas Rangers prior to the 1972 season ) . Success came quickly to the team in Minnesota . Sluggers Harmon Killebrew and Bob Allison , who had already been stars in Washington , were joined by Tony Oliva and Zoilo Versalles , and later second baseman Rod Carew and pitchers Jim Kaat and Jim Perry , winning the American League pennant in 1965 . A second wave of success came in the late 1980s and early 1990s under manager Tom Kelly , led by Kent Hrbek , Bert Blyleven , Frank Viola , and...  - The Minneapolis Millers were an American professional minor league baseball team that played in Minneapolis, Minnesota, until 1960. In the 19th century a different Minneapolis Millers were part of the Western League. The team played first in Athletic Park and later Nicollet Park.  The name Minneapolis Millers has been associated with a variety of professional minor league teams. The original Millers date back to 1884 when the Northwestern League was formed. This league failed and the Western League replaced it, absorbing some of the old teams. According to Stew Thornley, this team folded in 1891 due to financial problems. In 1894, another team calling itself the Millers was formed when Ban Johnson and Charles Comiskey revived the Western League in hopes of making it a second major league. The Millers continued to play in the Western League through 1900, when the name was changed to the American League to give it more of a national image. Following the 1900 season, several cities were abandoned for bigger markets in cities recently vacated by the National League, including Minneapolis. Some teams were transferred, as was the case of the Kansas City franchise to become the Washington Nationals (Senators). However, some of the teams were just left out in the dark. It is unclear which of these two paths the Millers took, but most evidence seems to point toward abandonment, not a transfer to Baltimore, especially given that no player for the 1900 Millers played for the 1901 Orioles.  - The Minnesota Vikings are an American football team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Vikings joined the National Football League (NFL) as an expansion team in 1960, and first took the field for the 1961 season. The team competes in the National Football Conference (NFC) North division; before that, the Vikings were in the NFC Central, and before that they were in the NFL's Western Conference Central Division. The team has played in four Super Bowl games, but lost each one. The team plays its home games at U.S. Bank Stadium in the Downtown East section of Minneapolis.  - The Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome (commonly called the Metrodome) was a domed sports stadium located in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota. It opened in 1982 as a replacement for Metropolitan Stadium, the former home of the National Football League's (NFL) Minnesota Vikings and Major League Baseball's (MLB) Minnesota Twins, and Memorial Stadium, the former home of the Minnesota Golden Gophers football and baseball teams.  - Minnesota (locally ) is a state in the midwestern and northern regions of the United States. Minnesota was admitted as the 32nd U.S. state on May 11, 1858, created from the eastern half of the Minnesota Territory. The state has a large number of lakes, and is known by the slogan "Land of 10,000 Lakes". Its official motto is "L'Étoile du Nord" (French: "Star of the North"). Minnesota is the 12th largest in area and the 21st most populous of the U.S. states; nearly 60 percent of its residents live in the MinneapolisSaint Paul metropolitan area (known as the "Twin Cities"), the center of transportation, business, industry, education, and government and home to an internationally known arts community. The remainder of the state consists of western prairies now given over to intensive agriculture; deciduous forests in the southeast, now partially cleared, farmed and settled; and the less populated North Woods, used for mining, forestry, and recreation. Minnesota is known for its progressive political orientation and its high rate of civic participation and voter turnout. Until European settlement, Minnesota was inhabited by the Dakota and Ojibwe/Anishinaabe. During the 19th and early 20th centuries, the large majority of the European settlers emigrated from Scandinavia and Germany, and the state remains a center of Scandinavian American and German American culture. In recent decades, immigration from Asia, the Horn of Africa, and Latin America has broadened its historic demographic and cultural composition. Minnesota's standard of living index is among the highest in the United States, and the state is also among the best-educated and wealthiest in the nation.  - Minneapolis is the county seat of Hennepin County, and larger of the Twin Cities, the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States, containing about 3.5 million residents. As of 2015, Minneapolis is the largest city in the state of Minnesota and 46th-largest in the United States with a population of 410,939. Minneapolis and Saint Paul anchor the second-largest economic center in the Midwest, after Chicago.  - A U.S. state is a constituent political entity of the United States of America. There are 50 states, which are bound together in a union with each other. Each state holds administrative jurisdiction over a defined geographic territory, and shares its sovereignty with the United States federal government. Due to the shared sovereignty between each state and the federal government, Americans are citizens of both the federal republic and of the state in which they reside. State citizenship and residency are flexible, and no government approval is required to move between states, except for persons covered by certain types of court orders (e.g., paroled convicts and children of divorced spouses who are sharing custody).  - The American League of Professional Baseball Clubs, or simply the American League (AL), is one of two leagues that make up Major League Baseball (MLB) in the United States and Canada. It developed from the Western League, a minor league based in the Great Lakes states, which eventually aspired to major league status. It is sometimes called the Junior Circuit because it claimed Major League status for the 1901 season, 25 years after the formation of the National League (the "Senior Circuit").  - A bus (archaically also omnibus, multibus, motorbus, autobus) is a road vehicle designed to carry many passengers. Buses can have a capacity as high as 300 passengers. The most common type of bus is the single-decker rigid bus, with larger loads carried by double-decker and articulated buses, and smaller loads carried by midibuses and minibuses; coaches are used for longer-distance services. Many types of buses, such as city transit buses and inter-city coaches, charge a fare. Other types, such as elementary or secondary school buses or shuttle buses within a post-secondary education campus do not charge a fare. In many jurisdictions, bus drivers require a special licence above and beyond a regular driver's licence.  - The National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC). The NFL is one of the four major professional sports leagues in North America, and the highest professional level of American football in the world. The NFL's 17-week regular season runs from the week after Labor Day to the week after Christmas, with each team playing 16 games and having one bye week. Following the conclusion of the regular season, six teams from each conference (four division winners and two wild card teams) advance to the playoffs, a single-elimination tournament culminating in the Super Bowl, played between the champions of the NFC and AFC.  - The 2010 Major League Baseball season began Sunday, April 4, when the Boston Red Sox defeated their longtime rivals, the 2009 World Series champion New York Yankees at Fenway Park, 97; the regular season ended on October 3. The 2010 All-Star Game was played on July 13 at Angel Stadium of Anaheim in Anaheim, California. The National League ended a 13-game winless streak with a 31 victory. Due to this result, the 2010 World Series began October 27 in the city of the National League Champion, the San Francisco Giants, and ended November 1 when the Giants defeated the American League Champion Texas Rangers in the 2010 World Series, four games to one.    What entity does 'minnesota twins' has the relation 'inception' with?
Answer: