Question: Information:  - A remake is a film or television series that is based on an earlier work and tells the same story.  - Self-defense (self-defence in many varieties of English) is a countermeasure that involves defending the health and well-being of oneself from harm. The use of the right of self-defense as a legal justification for the use of force in times of danger is available in many jurisdictions, but the interpretation varies widely.  - The term "manga" (kanji: ; hiragana: ; katakana:  or ) in Japan is a word used to refer to both comics and cartooning. "Manga" as a term used outside Japan refers to comics originally published in Japan.  - Law enforcement is any system by which some members of society act in an organized manner to enforce the law by discovering, deterring, rehabilitating, or punishing people who violate the rules and norms governing that society. Although the term may encompass entities such as courts and prisons, it is most frequently applied to those who directly engage in patrols or surveillance to dissuade and discover criminal activity, and those who investigate crimes and apprehend offenders, a task typically carried out by the police or another law enforcement agency. Furthermore, although law enforcement may be most concerned with the prevention and punishment of crimes, organizations exist to discourage a wide variety of non-criminal violations of rules and norms, effected through the imposition of less severe consequences.  - Art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual, auditory or performing artifacts (artworks), expressing the author's imaginative or technical skill, intended to be appreciated for their beauty or emotional power. In their most general form these activities include the production of works of art, the criticism of art, the study of the history of art, and the aesthetic dissemination of art.  - , also known as Karate Bullfighter, is a Japanese martial arts film made by the Toei Company in 1975. It was the first in a trilogy of films based on the manga "Karate Baka Ichidai" (literal translation: A Karate-Crazy Life), a manga based on Masutatsu Oyama's life by Ikki Kajiwara, Jiro Tsunoda and Jya Kagemaru. Sonny Chiba stars as his former master Oyama who was the founder of Kyokushin karate. Chiba would reprise this role in two more films "Karate Bearfighter" (1975), and "Karate for Life" (1977).  - Martial arts are codified systems and traditions of combat practices, which are practiced for a number of reasons: as self-defense, military and law enforcement applications, mental and spiritual development; as well as entertainment and the preservation of a nation's intangible cultural heritage.  - The Netherlands  is the main constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. It is a densely populated country located in Western Europe with three island territories in the Caribbean. The European part of the Netherlands borders Germany to the east, Belgium to the south, and the North Sea to the northwest, sharing maritime borders with Belgium, the United Kingdom, and Germany. The largest cities in the Netherlands are Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague and Utrecht. Amsterdam is the country's capital, while The Hague holds the Dutch seat of government and parliament. The name "Holland" is used to refer informally to the whole of the country of the Netherlands.  - Early life. Miura was born on October 3, 1949, in Kisarazu, Chiba, Japan, the son of a ship's engineer. He has one younger brother and one younger sister. Miura began training in Shotokan karate at the age of 13 years, and had been promoted to the rank of 2nd "dan" black belt by his 18th birthday. He also studied judo in his youth, achieving the rank of 1st "dan" in that art by the time he was 17. In 1967, aged 18, he began studying Kyokushin karate in a club at Josai International University. His teacher was Yoshiji Soeno at the university. Miura also studied this karate in summer vacation at the "honbu dojo" (headquarters training hall) of the Kyokushin in Tokyo.  - Combat or fight is a purposeful violent conflict meant to weaken, establish dominance over, or kill the opposition, or to drive the opposition away from a location where it is not wanted or needed.  - Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock (13 August 1899  29 April 1980) was an English film director and producer, at times referred to as "The Master of Suspense". He pioneered many elements of the suspense and psychological thriller genres. He had a successful career in British cinema with both silent films and early talkies and became renowned as England's best director. Hitchcock moved to Hollywood in 1939, and became a US citizen in 1955.  - Film producers fill a variety of roles depending upon the type of producer. Either employed by a production company or independent, producers plan and coordinate various aspects of film production, such as selecting script, coordinating writing, directing and editing, and arranging financing. During the "discovery stage", the producer has to find and acknowledge promising material. Then, unless the film is supposed to be based on an original script, the producer has to find an appropriate screenwriter.  - Intangible cultural heritage (ICH) is promoted by UNESCO as a counterpart to the World Heritage focusing mainly on intangible aspects of culture. In 2001, UNESCO made a survey among States and NGOs to try to agree on a definition, and the Convention for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage was drafted in 2003 for its protection and promotion.  - A politician (from "politics" + "-ian", from the Greek title of Aristotle's book  "Politika", meaning "Civic Affairs") is a person active in party politics, or a person holding or seeking office in government. In democratic countries, politicians seek elective positions within a government through elections or, at times, temporary appointment to replace politicians who have died, resigned or have been otherwise removed from office. In non-democratic countries, they employ other means of reaching power through appointment, bribery, revolutions and intrigues. Some politicians are experienced in the art or science of government. Politicians propose, support and create laws or policies that govern the land and, by extension, its people. Broadly speaking, a "politician" can be anyone who seeks to achieve political power in any bureaucratic institution.  - Works. Manga. All listings are as Ikki Kajiwara unless otherwise specified.  - Karate Bearfighter (   Kenka karate kyokushin burai ken , literally `` Fighting Karate - Brutal Ultimate Truth Fist '' ) is a Japanese martial arts film made by Toei Company in 1975 and directed by Kazuhiko Yamaguchi . It is the second installment of a trilogy of films based on the manga Karate Baka Ichidai ( literal title : `` A Karate - Crazy Life '' ) by Ikki Kajiwara , Jiro Tsunoda and Jya Kagemaru . Sonny Chiba reprises his role from Champion of Death as Masutatsu Oyama , the historical founder of Kyokushin karate in Japan ( Oyama makes a cameo appearance in the film as well ) . Chiba was an interesting choice for the role , as he had studied martial arts under the real - life Oyama for several years . True to the film 's title , at one point in the course of the narrative he battles a `` bear '' , actually a human actor in a bear costume .  - , also known as Sonny Chiba, is a Japanese actor, singer, film producer, film director, and martial artist.  - A film director is a person who directs the making of a film. Generally, a film director controls a film's artistic and dramatic aspects, and visualizes the script while guiding the technical crew and actors in the fulfillment of that vision. The director has a key role in choosing the cast members, production design, and the creative aspects of filmmaking. Under European Union law, the director is viewed as the author of the film.  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - A cameo role or cameo appearance (often shortened to just cameo) is a brief appearance or voice part of a known person in a work of the performing arts, typically unnamed or appearing as themselves. These roles are generally small, many of them non-speaking ones, and are commonly either appearances in a work in which they hold some special significance (such as actors from an original movie appearing in its remake), or renowned people making uncredited appearances. Short appearances by celebrities, film directors, politicians, athletes or musicians are common. A crew member of the show or movie playing a minor role can be referred to as a cameo as well, such as Alfred Hitchcock's frequently performed cameos.  - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.  - History. Founding of International Karate Organization / Kyokushinkaikan. After formally establishing the Kyokushinkaikan in 1964, Oyama directed the organization through a period of expansion. Oyama hand-picked instructors who displayed ability in marketing the style and gaining new members. Oyama would choose an instructor to open a new dojo. The instructor would move to that town and demonstrate his karate skills in public places. After that, word of mouth would spread through the local area until the dojo had a dedicated core of students. Oyama also sent instructors to other countries such as the Netherlands (Kenji Kurosaki), Australia (Shigeo Kato) and (Mamoru Kaneko), the United States of America (Tadashi Nakamura, Shigeru Oyama and Yasuhiko Oyama, Miyuki Miura), Great Britain (Steve Arneil), Canada (Tatsuji Nakamura) and Brazil (Seiji Isobe) to spread Kyokushin in the same way. Many students, including Jon Bluming, Steve Arneil, and Howard Collins, traveled to Japan to train with Oyama directly. In 1969, Oyama staged "The First All-Japan Full Contact Karate Open Championships" and Terutomo Yamazaki became the first champion. All-Japan Championships have been held at every year. In 1975, "The First World Full Contact Karate Open Championships" were held in Tokyo. World Championships have been held at four-yearly intervals since.  - Brazil, officially the Federative Republic of Brazil, is the largest country in both South America and Latin America. As the world's fifth-largest country by both area and population, it is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas. Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of . It borders all other South American countries except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent's land area. Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats. This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries, and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection.  - Martial arts film is a film genre. A subgenre of the action film, martial arts films contain numerous martial arts fights between characters. They are usually the films' primary appeal and entertainment value, and often are a method of storytelling and character expression and development. Martial arts are frequently featured in training scenes and other sequences in addition to fights. Martial arts films commonly include other types of action, such as hand-to-hand combats, stuntwork, chases, and gunfights.  - Performing arts are a form of art in which artists use their voices and/or their bodies, often in relation to other objects, to convey artistic expression. It is different from visual arts, which is when artists use paint/canvas or various materials to create physical or static art objects. Performing arts include several disciplines but every one is performed in front of live audiences.  - A musician (or instrumentalist) is a person who plays a musical instrument or is musically talented. Anyone who composes, conducts, or performs music may also be referred to as a musician.   - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'karate bearfighter' with the relationship of 'genre'.  Choices: - action film  - art  - book  - combat  - country  - criticism  - culture  - debate  - design  - dramatic  - genre  - government  - health  - history  - japanese  - law  - manga  - martial arts  - military  - music  - musical  - narrative  - performance art  - politics  - psychological thriller  - radio  - remake  - skill  - society  - suspense  - urban  - variety  - various  - youth
Answer: