Information:  - Murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse, especially the unlawful killing of another human being with malice aforethought. This state of mind may, depending upon the jurisdiction, distinguish murder from other forms of unlawful homicide, such as manslaughter. Manslaughter is a killing committed in the absence of "malice", brought about by reasonable provocation, or diminished capacity. "Involuntary" manslaughter, where it is recognized, is a killing that lacks all but the most attenuated guilty intent ("mens rea"), recklessness.  - Matthew Richard "Matt" Stone (born May 26, 1971) is an American actor, animator, writer, director, producer, singer, and songwriter. He is known for co-creating "South Park" (1997present) along with his creative partner Trey Parker, as well as co-writing the Tony Award-winning musical "The Book of Mormon" (2011). Stone was interested in film and music as a child, and attended the University of Colorado, Boulder following high school, where he met Parker. The two collaborated on various short films, and starred in a feature-length musical, titled "Cannibal! The Musical" (1993).  - A punishment is the imposition of an undesirable or unpleasant outcome upon a group or individual, meted out by an authorityin contexts ranging from child discipline to criminal lawas a response and deterrent to a particular action or behaviour that is deemed undesirable or unacceptable. The reasoning may be to condition a child to avoid self-endangerment, to impose social conformity (in particular, in the contexts of compulsory education or military discipline), to defend norms, to protect against future harms (in particular, those from violent crime), and to maintain the lawand respect for rule of lawunder which the social group is governed. Punishment may be self-inflicted as with self-flagellation and mortification of the flesh in the religious setting, but is most often a form of social coercion.   - The Great Plains is the broad expanse of flat land (a plain), much of it covered in prairie, steppe and grassland, that lies west of the Mississippi River tallgrass prairie states and east of the Rocky Mountains in the United States and Canada. This area covers parts, but not all, of the states of Colorado, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Texas, and Wyoming, Minnesota, Iowa and the Canadian provinces of Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. The region is known for supporting extensive cattle ranching and dry farming.  - Mason Douglas Williams (born August 24, 1938) is an American guitarist and composer, best known for his instrumental "Classical Gas". He is also a comedy writer, known for his writing on the "Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour", "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour", and "Saturday Night Live". He is also an eclectic poet and lyricist who has published several books.  - Zoology (UK: , zoo-OL-luh-jee; US: , zoh-OL-luh-jee) or animal biology is the branch of biology that studies the animal kingdom, including the structure, embryology, evolution, classification, habits, and distribution of all animals, both living and extinct, and how they interact with their ecosystems. The term is derived from Ancient Greek , "zion", i.e. "animal" and , "logos", i.e. "knowledge, study".  - The Legend of Alfred Packer is a 1980 film by Jim Roberson from a script by Burton Raffel. It is a biopic of Alferd Packer starring Patrick Dray in the title role. The film features a score by Bolivian-Argentinian composer Jaime Mendoza-Nava, though the main theme is derivative of Mason Williams's "Classical Gas".  - The word authority (derived from the Latin word "auctoritas") can be used to mean the right to exercise power given by the State (in the form of government, judges, police officers, etc.), or by academic knowledge of an area (someone that can be an authority on a subject).  - Criminal justice is the system of practices and institutions of governments directed at upholding social control, deterring and mitigating crime, or sanctioning those who violate laws with criminal penalties and rehabilitation efforts. Those accused of crime have some protections against abuse of investigatory and prosecution powers.  - Colorado is a state in the United States encompassing most of the Southern Rocky Mountains as well as the northeastern portion of the Colorado Plateau and the western edge of the Great Plains. Colorado is part of the Western United States, the Southwestern United States, and the Mountain States. Colorado is the 8th most extensive and the 22nd most populous of the 50 United States. The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Colorado was 5,456,574 on July 1, 2015, an increase of 8.50% since the 2010 United States Census.  - The Rocky Mountains, commonly known as the Rockies, are a major mountain range in western North America. The Rocky Mountains stretch more than from the northernmost part of British Columbia, in western Canada, to New Mexico, in the southwestern United States. Within the North American Cordillera, the Rockies are somewhat distinct from the Pacific Coast Ranges and the Cascade Range and Sierra Nevada which all lie further to the west.  - Alfred Griner `` Alferd '' Packer ( January 21 , 1842 -- April 23 , 1907 ) was an American prospector who confessed to cannibalism during the winter of 1874 . He and 5 other men attempted to travel through the high mountains of Colorado during the peak of a harsh winter . When only Alfred reached civilization , he claimed that the others had killed each other for food , and confessed to having lived off the flesh of his companions during his snowbound state and to having used it to survive his trek out of the mountains two months later . After his story was called into question , he hid from justice for 9 years before being tried and convicted of murder and sentenced to death . Packer won a retrial and was eventually sentenced to 40 years in prison for manslaughter . A biopic of his life , The Legend of Alfred Packer , was made in 1980 . A more comedic take entitled Cannibal ! The Musical was made in 1993 .  - Sexual cannibalism is when a female cannibalizes her mate prior to, during, or after copulation. It is a phenomenon characterized primarily by members of most arachnid orders, as well as several insect orders. The adaptive foraging hypothesis, aggressive spillover hypothesis and mistaken identity hypothesis are among the proposed theories to explain how sexual cannibalism evolved. This behavior is believed to have evolved as a manifestation of sexual conflict, occurring when the reproductive interests of males and females differ. In many species that exhibit sexual cannibalism, the female consumes the male upon detection. Females of cannibalistic species are generally hostile and unwilling to mate; thus many males of these species have developed adaptive behaviors to counteract female aggression.  - The Western United States, commonly referred to as the American West, the Far West, or simply the West, traditionally refers to the region comprising the westernmost states of the United States. Because European settlement in the U.S. expanded westward after its founding, the meaning of the West has evolved over time. Prior to about 1800, the crest of the Appalachian Mountains was seen as the western frontier.  - Cannibalism is the act or practice of humans eating the flesh or internal organs of other human beings. A person who practices cannibalism is called a cannibal. The expression "cannibalism" has been extended into zoology to mean one individual of a species consuming all or part of another individual of the same species as food, including sexual cannibalism.  - Dian Bachar (born October 26, 1970 in Denver, Colorado) is an American actor most notable for his roles in various films by or starring his friends Trey Parker and Matt Stone, such as "Cannibal! The Musical" (George Noon), "Orgazmo" (Ben Chapleski) and his most famous role as Kenny "Squeak" Scolari in 1998's "BASEketball", as well as making the occasional appearance on "South Park". He appeared as an alien engineer in "Galaxy Quest". Although the bulk of his scenes were cut, he can be seen on the DVD's "Special Features".  - A correctional facility, detention center, gaol (Australia, New Zealand, Republic of Ireland, UK), jail (US, Canada), penitentiary, prison, or remand centre is a facility in which inmates are forcibly confined and denied a variety of freedoms under the authority of the state as a form of punishment after being convicted of crimes. Prisons are most commonly used within a criminal justice system: people charged with crimes may be imprisoned until they are brought to trial; those pleading or being found guilty of crimes at trial may be sentenced to a specified period of imprisonment. Besides their use for punishing civil crimes, jails and prisons are frequently used by authoritarian regimes.  - "Classical Gas" is an instrumental musical piece composed and originally performed by Mason Williams with instrumental backing by members of the Wrecking Crew. Originally released in 1968 on the album "The Mason Williams Phonograph Record", it has been re-recorded and re-released numerous times since by Williams. One later version served as the title track of a 1987 album by Williams and the band Mannheim Steamroller.  - The 2010 United States Census, (known as "Census 2010"), is the twenty-third and currently most recent United States national census. National Census Day, the reference day used for the census, was April 1, 2010. As part of a drive to increase the count's accuracy, 635,000 temporary enumerators were hired. The population of the United States was counted as 308,745,538, a 9.7% increase from the 2000 Census.  - Cannibal! The Musical (originally known as Alferd Packer: The Musical) is a 1993 American independent black comedy musical film directed, written, produced, co-scored by and starring Trey Parker while studying at the University of Colorado at Boulder, before reaching fame with "South Park" alongside his friend Matt Stone who also stars in and produced the film. It is loosely based on the true story of Alferd Packer and the sordid details of the trip from Utah to Colorado that left his five fellow travelers dead and partially eaten. Trey Parker (credited as Juan Schwartz) stars as Alferd Packer, with frequent collaborators Stone, Dian Bachar, and others playing the supporting roles.  - Black comedy or dark comedy is a comic style that makes light of subjects that are generally considered serious or taboo. Literary critics have associated black comedy and black humor with authors as early as the ancient Greeks with Aristophanes. Black comedy corresponds to the earlier concept of gallows humor.  - South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the television network, Comedy Central. The show revolves around four boysStan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormickand their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town. Much like "The Simpsons", "South Park" uses a very large ensemble cast of recurring characters and became infamous for its profanity and dark, surreal humor that satirizes a wide range of topics towards a mature audience.  - Modern humans ("Homo sapiens", primarily ssp. "Homo sapiens sapiens") are the only extant members of Hominina tribe (or human tribe), a branch of the tribe Hominini belonging to the family of great apes. They are characterized by erect posture and bipedal locomotion; manual dexterity and increased tool use, compared to other animals; and a general trend toward larger, more complex brains and societies.  - JUSTICE is a human rights and law reform organisation based in the United Kingdom. It is the British section of the International Commission of Jurists, the international human rights organisation of lawyers devoted to the legal protection of human rights worldwide. Consequently, members of JUSTICE are predominantly barristers and solicitors, judges, legal academics, and law students.  - The Southern Rocky Mountains are a major subregion of the Rocky Mountains of North America located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Wyoming, the central and western portions of Colorado, the northern portion of New Mexico, and extreme eastern portions of Utah. The Southern Rocky Mountains are also commonly known as the Southern Rockies, and since the highest peaks are located in the State of Colorado, they are sometimes known as the Colorado Rockies, although many important ranges and peaks rise in the other three states. The Southern Rockies include the highest mountain ranges of the Rocky Mountains and include all 30 of the highest major peaks of the Rockies.  - Burton Nathan Raffel (April 27, 1928  September 29, 2015) was a translator, a poet and a teacher. He translated many poems, including the Anglo-Saxon epic "Beowulf", poems by Horace, and "Gargantua and Pantagruel" by François Rabelais. In 1964, Raffel recorded an album along with Robert P. Creed, on Folkways Records entitled "Lyrics from the Old English." In 1996, he published his translation of Miguel de Cervantes' "Don Quixote", which has been acclaimed for making Cervantes more accessible to the modern generation. In 2006, Yale University Press published his new translation of the Nibelungenlied.  - Randolph Severn "Trey" Parker III (born October 19, 1969) is an American actor, animator, writer, director, producer, singer, and songwriter. He is known for co-creating "South Park" (1997present) along with his creative partner Matt Stone, as well as co-writing and co-directing the Tony Award-winning musical "The Book of Mormon" (2011). Parker was interested in film and music as a child, and attended the University of Colorado, Boulder following high school, where he met Stone. The two collaborated on various short films, and starred in a feature-length musical, titled "Cannibal! The Musical" (1993).    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'occupation' with the subject 'alferd packer'.  Choices: - actor  - animator  - band  - canada  - composer  - count  - criminal  - engineer  - general  - guitarist  - human rights  - justice  - literary  - major  - military  - mountain  - poet  - police  - prior  - producer  - script  - teacher  - television  - translator  - travel  - zoology