A senior National Security Council staffer who was a key member of the White House team negotiating on Iran’s nuclear weapons program told POLITICO he deeply regrets tweeting hundreds of anti-administration messages under the pseudonym @natsecwonk. 
  
 Jofi Joseph, 40, was fired from his job on the NSC nuclear nonproliferation team a week ago after a months-long probe into a barrage of tweets that included caustic criticisms of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and top NSC officials, especially Ben Rhodes – whom he accused of dodging questions about Benghazi. 
  
 “It has been a privilege to serve in this Administration and I deeply regret violating the trust and confidence placed in me,” Joseph told POLITICO in an email. 
  
 “What started out as an intended parody account of DC culture developed over time into a series of inappropriate and mean-spirited comments. I bear complete responsibility for this affair and I sincerely apologize to everyone I insulted.” 
  
 (Also on POLITICO: White House official fired for tweets) 
  
 Obama spokesman Eric Schultz confirmed that Joseph has left the White House – and that he no longer has his top security clearances. 
  
 In the course of their investigations, officials told Joseph they suspected he was responsible for a second anonymous Twitter account, @dchobbyist, which included tweets that are more racy about sexual encounters, escort services – and the inner workings of the State Department. 
  
 “Wow, you look amazingly sexy in this photo!” @dchobbyist posted on Oct. 5. 
  
 “That was him,” a person briefed on the probe told POLITICO. 
  
 Joseph didn’t respond to a request for comment on the second account. 
  
 Joseph, who was part of the White House team that opened preliminary negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program in Istanbul earlier this year, lived a double life: He worked with NSC officials and State Department higher-ups on the most sensitive issues while secretly tweet-bombing them with comments like, “‘Has shitty staff.’ #ObamaInThreeWords.” 
  
 For months, White House and State Department officials searched for @NatSecWonk, a hunt that intensified after he repeatedly expressed doubts about the official administration accounts about the Sept. 11, 2012, attack in Benghazi. 
  
 After a probe that included an investigation into Joseph’s travel and shopping patterns – parsed from over 2,000 tweets - lawyers from the White House counsel’s office confronted Joseph and ordered him to leave the executive complex, according to two sources familiar with the situation. Joseph had been scheduled to rotate out of White House duty to a senior job in the Pentagon, an administration official told POLITICO. 
  
 The revelation that Joseph was @natsecwonk came as a shock because Joseph is a familiar figure in the foreign policy world – as is his wife, Carolyn Leddy, a highly regarded staffer on the Republican side of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, according to Daily Beast reporter Josh Rogin. 
  
 Before joining the administration in 2009, Joseph worked as an aide to Pennsylvania Democratic Sen. Bob Casey, where he earned a reputation for smarts and sarcasm. "I'm not surprised," said one Hill staffer who worked with Joseph when told about his admission. 
  
 Joseph erased the @natsecwonk account earlier this week – which prompted a wave of inquiries from reporters and staffers who had grown used to reading his pointed criticism and commentary – a quintessential Washington-centric Twitter stream that was barely noticed beyond the Beltway and obsessively and angrily followed by officials in the bowels of Foggy Bottom and the West Wing. 
  
 “Was Huma Abedin wearing beer goggles the night she met Anthony Wiener? Almost as bad a pairing as Samantha Powers and Cass Sunstein ....,” he tweeted about the top Clinton aide and her husband, the failed New York mayoral candidate. 
  
 Joseph spared hardly anybody, especially people he had worked with. 
  
 Of Joe Biden, he commented: “Interesting factoid: Both Tom Donilon and Tony Blinken once worked for Biden. Both of their wives work for the VP today. #incestuous.” 
  
 After serving a stint at the State Department, he wrote: “Look, (Republican Rep. Darrell) Issa is an ass, but he's on to something here with the @HillaryClinton whitewash of accountability for Benghazi.” 
  
 "Loved, LOVED the @NYTimesDowd column eviscerating the Clintons today. @ChelseaClinton seems to be assuming all of her parents' vices ..." he wrote earlier this year. 
  
 Worse still, administration officials said, was Joseph’s torrent of personal attacks. He frequently mocked female political figures like Liz Cheney and Ann Romney, targeting their physical appearance and weight, and he posted a half-dozen tweets questioning the sexual orientation of Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) – behavior that was completely “beyond the pale,” in the words of one official who worked with Joseph. 
  
 Hadas Gold contributed to this report. 
  
 Read more about: White House, Iran, Twitter, National Security, Ben Rhodes, Jofi Joseph ||||| (Fixes Twitter links) 
  
 By Roberta Rampton and Steve Holland 
  
 WASHINGTON Oct 22 (Reuters) - A senior White House official who was helping negotiate nuclear issues with Iran has been fired after being unmasked as the acidic voice behind a Twitter account known for its insults of public figures at the White House and on Capitol Hill, a government official said on Tuesday. 
  
 Jofi Joseph was director of nuclear non-proliferation on the White House National Security Council staff, but for more than two years sent hundreds of anonymous and abrasive tweets using the handle @NatSecWonk. 
  
 He was fired last week after he was caught, the official said. 
  
 A White House official confirmed Joseph no longer worked there, but would not comment on personnel matters. The firing was first reported by the website Daily Beast. 
  
 In his Twitter biography, now removed from the social networking site, Joseph described himself as a "keen observer of the foreign policy and national security scene" who "unapologetically says what everyone else only thinks." 
  
 As the widely followed @NatSecWonk, Joseph speculated anonymously about the political motives and career moves of administration officials he worked with. They included Ben Rhodes, President Barack Obama's spokesman on national security issues. 
  
 This month, Joseph tweeted that Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state, "had few policy goals and no wins" in the Middle East. He agreed with Republican Representative Darrell Issa, who has relentlessly pursued Clinton for administration actions after last year's attack on the U.S. diplomatic post in Benghazi, Libya. 
  
 "Look, Issa is an ass, but he's on to something here with the @HillaryClinton whitewash of accountability for Benghazi," he tweeted. 
  
 He also sniped at U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power's use of Twitter. "Can someone again brief @AmbassadorPower that Bashar Assad likely doesn't follow her Twitter feed?" he recently wrote. 
  
 Joseph did not respond to phone and email requests for comment, but he told the website Politico he regretted his tweets. 
  
 "What started out as an intended parody account of DC culture developed over time into a series of inappropriate and mean-spirited comments. I bear complete responsibility for this affair and I sincerely apologize to everyone I insulted," Joseph said in an email to Politico. 
  
 He also targeted journalists, including Daily Beast reporter Josh Rogin who broke the story of his firing. "Just a hunch, but I have the sense lots of people would like to punch @joshrogin in the face," he said earlier this month. (Reporting by Roberta Rampton and Steve Holland; editing by Christopher Wilson) ||||| Comedian Gilbert Gottfried was fired by Aflac in 2011 after sending offensive tweets about the Japanese tsunami. (Photo: Charles Sykes, AP) 
  
 Another one bites the dust. A White House national security official was fired recently after tweeting anonymous insults and secret information about the Obama administration. High-profile firings over inappropriate tweets are nothing new, but they sure are interesting. 
  
 Here's a list of some incidents that caught our eye: 
  
 1) Who: Indiana Deputy Attorney General Jeffrey Cox 
  
 What happened: In February 2013, Cox was fired by the Indiana Attorney General's Office after having a controversial conversation with former Mother Jones journalist Adam Weinstein on Twitter involving a protest in Wisconsin and the use of riot police. Cox tweeted that the police should "use live ammunition" to remove demonstrators and called them "thugs" who were "physically threatening legally elected officials." Cox later released a written statement apologizing for the "lousy choice of words" and wrote that the tweets should not be taken seriously. 
  
 2) Who: Phil Hardy, spokesman for Rep. Raul Labrador, R-Idaho 
  
 What happened: Hardy accidentally tweeted, "Me likey Broke Girls" to the congressman's account during the 2013 Super Bowl. He tweeted this in response to an ad that featured actresses from CBS's show 2 Broke Girls dancing in risque clothing on something resembling a stripper pole. Hardy, who was fired, wrote in an e-mail that it was "totally an accident." 
  
 3) Who: Comedian Gilbert Gottfried 
  
 What happened: It was not the best comedic moment for Gottfried. Insurance company Aflac dumped Gottfried in March 2011 after he sent offensive tweets during the Japanese tsunami. Known as the famous voice behind the iconic Aflac Duck, Gottfried tweeted: "I just split up with my girlfriend, but like the Japanese say, 'They'll be another one floating by any minute now.'" Aflac responded in a statement that Gottfried's comments lacked humor and did not represent the opinions of anyone at the company. "There is no place for anything but compassion and concern during these difficult times," Aflac added. 
  
 4) Who: Damian Goddard, former host on Rogers Sportsnet 
  
 What happened: Goddard made headlines when he was fired in 2011 after tweeting about New York Rangers forward Sean Avery's support of same-sex marriage. The sports broadcaster voiced opposition to Avery's position, saying he supported hockey agent Todd Reynolds. Goddard tweeted: "I completely and whole-heartedly support Todd Reynolds and his support for the traditional and TRUE meaning of marriage." The TV network then issued its own tweet, "Today's tweet from Damian Goddard does not reflect the views of Rogers Sportsnet." The network stated he was terminated for performance issues not related to the tweet. 
  
 5) Who: Three staffers for Rep. Rick Larsen, D-Wash. 
  
 What happened: Legislative assistants Seth Burroughs and Elizabeth Robblee and legislative correspondent Ben Byers were fired in 2011 after a series of tweets revealed the trio's plan to spend the final month of the legislative session in "a state of perpetual debauchery." They also tweeted about drinking on the job. Larsen's spokesman, Bryan Thomas, later said in a statement: "Congressman Larsen is disappointed by their actions and takes this very seriously. He has made it clear that he will not tolerate this kind of behavior." 
  
 A previous version of this story did not contain a statement from Rogers Sportsnet. 
  
 Follow @JessicaDurando and @AshMWill on Twitter 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1gEXslP |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?