Q:Information:  - Jive Records was an American record label under the RCA Music Group formed in 1981 by Zomba Records. Formerly headquartered in New York City, the label was best known for a string of successes with hip hop artists in the 1980s, and also in teen pop and boy bands during the 1990s and the early 2000s.  - The Amazing Jeckel Brothers is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse, released on May 25, 1999, by Island Records, in association with Psychopathic Records. Recording sessions for the album took place from 1998 to 1999. The album is the fifth Joker's Card in the group's Dark Carnival mythology. The album's lyrics focus on the 9 circles of hell, and the morality of man as he is torn between righteousness and evil. The album's titular Jeckel Brothers are spirits who juggle balls of fire, representing the sins committed during the mortal life of the dead.  - The Great Milenko is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse, released on June 25, 1997, by Hollywood Records, in association with Psychopathic Records. As the fourth Joker's Card in the group's Dark Carnival mythology, the album's lyrics focus on the titular Great Milenko, an illusionist who tries to trick individuals into greed and other such sins.  - Joseph Bruce (born April 28, 1972), known by his stage name Violent J, is an American rapper, record producer, and professional wrestler, and part of the hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse. He is co-founder of the record label "Psychopathic Records", with fellow ICP rapper Shaggy 2 Dope (Joseph Utsler) and their former manager, Alex Abbiss. Also along with Utsler, Bruce is the co-founder of the professional wrestling promotion Juggalo Championship Wrestling.  - Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J (Joseph Bruce) and Shaggy 2 Dope (originally 2 Dope; Joseph Utsler). Founded in Detroit in 1989, Insane Clown Posse performs a style of hardcore hip hop known as horrorcore and is known for its elaborate live performances. The duo has earned two platinum and five gold albums. According to Nielsen SoundScan, the entire catalog of the group has sold 6.5 million units in the United States and Canada as of April 2007.  - Mutilation Mix: Greatest Hits (That Never Were Hits) is a greatest hits album by the American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse. The album consists of excerpts of songs from the group's first three studio albums, as well as some rare, less well-known tracks. Dispersed throughout the music are several recordings of phone messages. The songs were hand picked by Insane Clown Posse. It is the 2nd compilation album and the 9th overall release by Insane Clown Posse.  - SiN is a first-person shooter video game developed by Ritual Entertainment and published by Activision in late 1998. The game was later released over Steam platform on April 5, 2006, either as a standalone product, or bundled together with its sequel, "SiN Episodes". It was also released, along with its expansion pack "" on GOG.com on January 30, 2014, DRM-free and fixed for modern hardware. It based on a modified version of the id Tech 2 engine.  - Nielsen SoundScan is an information and sales tracking system created by Mike Fine and Mike Shalett. SoundScan is a method of tracking sales of music and music video products throughout the United States and Canada. Data is collected weekly and made available every Wednesday to subscribers, which include record companies, publishing firms, music retailers, independent promoters, film and TV companies, and artist managers. SoundScan is the sales source for the "Billboard" music charts, making it the largest source of sales records in the music industry.  - Carnival of Carnage is the debut album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse, released on October 18, 1992, by Psychopathic Records. It is the first Joker Card in the first deck. Recording sessions for the album took place from 1991 to 1992 at Miller Midi Productions and The Tempermill Studio. The album is the first Joker's Card in the group's Dark Carnival mythology. The album's lyrics describe the Carnival of Carnage as a representation of the violence that occurs within the ghettos, which takes the form of a traveling carnival to enact the same brutality on the upper class.  - Joseph William "Joey" Utsler, known by his stage name Shaggy 2 Dope (born October 14, 1974), is an American rapper, record producer, DJ, and professional wrestler. and part of the hip hop duo Insane Clown Posse. He is the co-founder of the record label Psychopathic Records, with fellow Insane Clown Posse rapper Violent J (Joseph Bruce) and their former manager, Alex Abbiss. Along with Bruce, Utsler is the co-founder of the professional wrestling promotion "Juggalo Championship Wrestling", where he currently acts as color commentator.  - Hardcore hip hop (also hardcore rap) is a genre of hip hop music that developed through the East Coast hip hop scene in the 1980s. Pioneered by such artists as Kool G Rap, 2Pac, The Notorious B.I.G., Schoolly D, Ice T, Ice Cube, Spoonie Gee, Boogie Down Productions, Public Enemy, Nas, Big L, and N.W.A, it is generally characterised by anger, aggression, and confrontation.  - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is a continental North and South American trade organization that represents the recording industry in the United States. Its members consist of record labels and distributors, which the RIAA says "create, manufacture and/or distribute approximately 85% of all legally sold recorded music in the United States." The RIAA headquarters is in Washington, D.C.  - Riddle Box is the third studio album by Insane Clown Posse, released on October 10, 1995 on Battery Records in association with Psychopathic Records. It is the third card in the Joker's Card in the group's Dark Carnival mythology. Legz997 it was released a 2nd time by Battery Records and Jive Records. In 2008 it was re-released on a Riddle Box vinyl record. The album was the first Insane Clown Posse album in which the group worked with studio vocalist and guitarist Rich Murrell, who would work with the group throughout much of their career under the name Legz Diamond. It was released in four different versions, and earned a gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In 2008, "Riddle Box" was re-released on vinyl double LP format. It is the group's 7th overall release. In 2015, it was announced that Psychopathic would reissue the album in a 20th anniversary edition, featuring bonus tracks.  - Hip hop is a subcultural art movement that was formed during the early 1970s primarily by African-American and Afro Puerto Rican youths residing in the South Bronx in New York City. Art historian Robert Farris Thompson describes the demographics of the youth that characterize the South Bronx in the early 1970s as "English-speaking blacks from Barbados" like Grandmaster Flash, "black Jamaicans" like DJ Kool Herc, "thousands of Nuyoricans", who introduced the rhythms from Salsa (music), as well as Afro conga and bonga drums, as well as many who emulated the sounds of Tito Puente and Willie Colón with existing styles of musical styles from jazz to funk associated with African Americans prior to the 1970s. Hip hop music became popular outside of the African-American community in the late 1980s. After the rise of new media platforms and Web 2.0 technology of the Internet, fans would primarily consume the musical genre through social networking sites (SNS) beginning with Myspace evolving to notable mobile apps like YouTube, Worldstarhiphop, SoundCloud, and Spotify.  - Island Records is a Jamaican-English record label that operates as a division of the Universal Music Group (UMG). It was founded by Chris Blackwell, Graeme Goodall and Leslie Kong in Jamaica in 1959. Blackwell sold the label to PolyGram in 1989. Both Island and another label recently acquired byPolyGram, A&M Records, were both at the time the largest independent record labels in history, with Island in particular having exerted a major influence on the progressive UK music scene in the early 1970s.   - Hollywood Records, Inc. is an American record label of the Disney Music Group. The label focuses in pop, rock, alternative, hip hop, and country genres, as well as specializing in mature recordings not suitable for the flagship Walt Disney Records label. Founded in 1989, its current roster includes artists such as Jordan Fisher, Zella Day, Demi Lovato, Queen, Zendaya, Ocean Park Standoff, Dreamers, Bea Miller, Martina Stoessel, Breaking Benjamin, Jorge Blanco, Sabrina Carpenter, R5, The Young Wild, Olivia Holt, Sofia Carson, Forever in Your Mind, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Boy Epic, and Joywave. The label also releases Marvel Studios's soundtrack and compilation albums in conjunction with Marvel Music.  - The Old Shit is the tenth compilation album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse . Released in 2010 , the compilation was assembled by the group and solely focuses on the group 's 1990s material , drawing from the first five Joker 's Cards : Carnival of Carnage , Ringmaster , Riddle Box , The Great Milenko and The Amazing Jeckel Brothers , as well as songs from their extended plays and rare material . Like Mutilation Mix before it , almost none of the songs appear in their original full lengths meaning that many songs on this collection are shortened and often cut off early . It is the group 's 27th overall release .  - Morality (from the Latin "" "manner, character, proper behavior") is the differentiation of intentions, decisions, and actions between those that are distinguished as proper and those that are improper. Morality can be a body of standards or principles derived from a code of conduct from a particular philosophy, religion, or culture, or it can derive from a standard that a person believes should be universal. Morality may also be specifically synonymous with "goodness" or "rightness".  - A traveling carnival (US English), usually simply called a carnival, is an amusement show that may be made up of amusement rides, food vendors, merchandise vendors, games of chance and skill, thrill acts, and animal acts. A traveling carnival is not set up at a permanent location, like an amusement park, but is moved from place to place. Its roots are similar to the 19th century circus with both being set up in open fields near or in town and moving to a new location after a period of time. Unlike traditional carnival celebrations, the North American traveling carnival is not tied to a religious observance.  - Psychopathic Records, also known as The Hatchet, is an American independent record label based in Farmington Hills, Michigan that specializes in hip hop music. The label was founded in 1991 by Alex Abbiss and hip hop group Insane Clown Posse. The iconography of a man with a hatchet has been used for years as a symbol of the group, its fanbase, and its associates.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'the old shit' with the relationship of 'record label'.  Choices: - 1995  - a & m records  - album  - disney music group  - english  - epic  - expansion  - funk  - hollywood records  - ice cube  - independent record label  - island records  - jive records  - label  - labels  - latin  - polygram  - psychopathic records  - rca music group  - record  - universal  - universal music group  - walt disney records
A: