Summarize this article:

Steve Sansweet, owner of Rancho Obi-Wan in California, asks collectors and fans to help recover items allegedly stolen by his friend of 20 years 
  
 The owner of the world’s largest Star Wars memorabilia collection has learned a hard lesson about trust. On Monday, he told his own saga in which $200,000 in collectibles were allegedly stolen from his California museum by a man he once considered a friend – and asked fellow movie fans for help in recovering them. 
  
  
  
 In a warehouse far, far away, the galaxy's top Star Wars collector holds court Read more 
  
 Steve Sansweet, the owner of Rancho Obi-Wan in Petaluma, California, said in a release to “Star Wars fans and collectors” that 100 items, which he referred to as “vintage US and foreign carded action figures, many of them rare and important pieces”, were taken from his collection between late 2015 through 2016, many of them resold. 
  
 He posted details of the crime on his website and asked fellow collectors and fans to email tips@ranchoobiwan.org with information. 
  
 The alleged culprit: Carl Edward Cunningham, 45 of Marietta, Georgia, a fellow Star Wars collector whom Sansweet has known for 20 years. Cunningham was arrested in March in Sonoma County, California, and charged with felony grand theft. He is free on $25,000 bail and a preliminary hearing is scheduled for 27 June. 
  
  
  
 “It’s devastating,” Sansweet told the Guardian on Monday about when he learned a friend was charged with the thefts. “It’s a feeling of utter betrayal that someone could stoop to this level, an alleged friend and confidant, someone I had invited to my house and shared meals with.” 
  
 Sansweet said he met Cunningham in 1996, while the museum proprietor was head of fan relations at Lucasfilm. 
  
 Since 1977, Sansweet has accumulated at least 350,000 franchise artifacts, stored inside a 9,000-sq-ft warehouse he calls Rancho Obi-Wan, located on a idyllic country lane an hour north of San Francisco. He has also written 18 Star Wars books and is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as owning the world’s largest collection of Star Wars paraphernalia. 
  
 The theft came to light in February when Philip Wise, a major Star Wars collector, posted news of the theft of a rare action figure from his Texas warehouse. Another dealer from southern California informed Wise that he had purchased the figure from Cunningham, a Georgia collector, Sansweet wrote in his release to movie fans Monday. 
  
 Meet the super-collectors: ‘I wish I had Geri’s union jack dress’ Read more 
  
 The California dealer, Zach Tann, told Wise that he had bought many other Star Wars collectibles from Cunningham and sent a detailed list. Wise concluded that the quantity and quality of the items suggested they had been taken from Sansweet’s sprawling Ranch Obi-Wan museum. 
  
 He contacted Sansweet who confirmed that the items were missing, including a rare three-pack of figures and a store display worth $20,000. 
  
 “When I saw the items missing, and considering the circumstances of the theft, my stomach physically sank,” Sansweet said. “I was queasy. I was dumbfounded,” 
  
 Sansweet said authorities were trying to retrieve items that had been resold and implored Star Wars fans to report anything they knew about the thefts or sightings of the items. He said two fans have contacted authorities to say they bought some of the items from a legitimate dealer and have offered to return them, even if they do not get their money back. 
  
 Actor Mark Hamill, who played the character Luke Skywalker in the film franchise, tweeted Monday about the theft, saying: “Maybe publish a list of stolen items to protect potential victims from purchasing ‘hot’ merchandise.” 
  
 Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) Maybe publish a list of stolen items to protect potential victims from purchasing "hot" merchandise. #TheFraudIsStrongInThisOne #SithHappens https://t.co/coFv1P6HL7 
  
 Sansweet said the thefts ran contrary to the collegial spirit of Star Wars fans. 
  
 “We’ve had thousands of visitors since we became a nonprofit museum in 2011,” he said. “And never once to our knowledge have we had a single item stolen.” 
  
 Sansweet said the museum had already upgraded security, but he refused to say that his trust in friendship had been ruined. “The message here is not to start mistrusting your friends,” he said. “Or you’d be the most miserable person in the world.” ||||| This morning, the man who owns, displays, and offers tours of the world’s largest privately-owned Star Wars collection announced that he’s been systematically robbed over the past several months. 
  
 Steve Sansweet—a prolific Star Wars author and collector, and the proprietor of Rancho Obi-Wan in Northern California—posted that over 100 items from his collection have been stolen, “the majority of them vintage U.S. and foreign carded action figures, many of them rare and important pieces.” Reportedly, several of those pieces have already been “resold or professionally appraised for a total of more than $200,000.” 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 According to Sansweet, the thefts were discovered when the sale of an ultra-rare Boba Fett action figure was tracked from its buyer to a man named Carl Edward Cunningham. Cunningham, whom Sansweet refers to as “a good and trusted friend,” surrendered to police at the end of March but is currently out on bail pending additional hearings. 
  
 The Rancho Obi-Wan site is urging any fans who have found themselves in possession of any too-good-to-be-true vintage Star Wars collectibles that may have been stolen by Cunningham to contact them to figure out if it’s one of the pieces in question. 
  
 “This has been a devastating betrayal from someone I considered a friend for 20 years,” Sansweet told io9. “But already the Star Wars community has offered its support and two of the purchasers have said they are returning the stolen items that they bought.” 
  
  
  
 Advertisement 
  
 All of the pilfered items were on display as part of Sansweet’s collection at Rancho Obi-Wan, which is run as a non-profit organization; proceeds from tours are donated to various charities. For more on this story, and information on how to contact the organization, visit the below link. 
  
 [Rancho Obi-Wan] 
  
 Update: We added the statement from Sansweet. ||||| Dear fellow Star Wars fans and collectors, 
  
 I need to share some distressing news with you because I need your help. 
  
 In February we at Rancho Obi-Wan found out that we had been the victim of a major theft that surreptitiously took place over many months in late 2015 through 2016. 
  
 There were more than 100 valuable items stolen, the majority of them vintage U.S. and foreign carded action figures, many of them rare and important pieces. Most have either been resold or professionally appraised for a total of more than $200,000. 
  
 The theft came to light after Philip Wise, a good friend, major collector and owner of several Star Wars websites, posted news of the theft of his rare prototype rocket-firing Boba Fett action figure from his Texas warehouse. Zach Tann, a respected toy dealer and collector in Southern California, immediately notified Philip that he had purchased that figure from Carl Edward Cunningham, 45, a well-known Star Wars collector and R2-D2 builder from Marietta, Georgia. 
  
 Tann further told Philip that he previously had bought many other rare Star Wars collectibles from Carl and sent a detailed list. Philip said that he quickly concluded by the quantity and quality of items that they had likely been stolen from my collection here in Petaluma, California. 
  
 Tann is working closely with us and authorities to help recover and return as many of the stolen collectibles as possible. Without Zach Tann’s call to Philip, which came despite great potential personal financial exposure to himself, we might still not know of the theft or its extent. 
  
 Carl surrendered on an arrest warrant from the Sonoma County, California Sheriff’s Department at the end of March and was charged with felony grand theft. He is currently free on bail with additional hearings in the case scheduled. 
  
 I have known Carl for many years, considered him a good and trusted friend, and played host to him at my home numerous times. I, and the staff at Rancho Obi-Wan, are devastated that he is the alleged perpetrator of the thefts. Not only have important items been stolen from the collection, but also our time, energy and ability to trust unconditionally have taken a blow. 
  
 If you have any information about Carl Cunningham’s activities or items that he has sold please write to tips@ranchoobiwan.org. If you think you may have purchased a stolen item, please be patient while we work through this process. It is our goal to resolve this situation as quickly as possible and to continue to use the collection at Rancho Obi-Wan to “Inspire through the Force” despite the destruction caused by one person. 
  
 Thank you for your help, 
  
 Steve Sansweet 
  
 Rancho Obi-Wan 
  
 This is a LIST OF ITEMS that hasn’t been accounted for. If you bought any of these, especially on eBay (user name: winterceltic) or through the Rebelscum.com forum in the last year from Carl Cunningham, please let us know at tips@ranchoobiwan.org 
  
 Harbert 12-Back C-3PO 
  
 Kenner 12-Back Han Solo (Large Head) 
  
 Kenner 20-back Jawa 
  
 Kenner 20-Back Death Squad Commander 
  
 Kenner 21-back Hammerhead 
  
 Kenner 21-Back Luke Skywalker X-Wing Pilot 
  
 Kenner 21-back R5-D4 SW card 
  
 Kenner 31-back R2-D2 
  
 Kenner 41-Back Stormtrooper 
  
 Kenner 41-Back-A Darth Vader 
  
 Kenner 47-back Luke Skywalker (Bespin) Brown hair 
  
 Kenner POTF Han Trench AFA 75+Y #11842094 
  
 Kenner POTF Ben Kenobi AFA 85Y #11190100 
  
 Kenner POTF Darth Vader AFA 85Y #11667777 
  
 Kenner POTF Chewbacca 
  
 Kenner Diecast Cloud Car Pilot 
  
 Kenner Diecast X-Wing 
  
 Kenner Canada Ewoks King Gorneesh AFA 75+ #17591428 
  
 Kenner Canada Ewoks Canadian Lady Urgah 
  
 Meccano 20-Back Jawa AFA 70Y #11973891 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-B Death Squad Commander 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back Jawa (cloth cape) 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-A Sand People 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-B R2-D2 AFA 75 #14754625 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-A C-3PO AFA 85 #11805509 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-B Princess Leia AFA 80 #11810768 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-B Stormtrooper AFA 85 #11860712 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-A Han Solo AFA 85 #12889727 
  
 Palitoy 12-Back-B Darth Vader AFA 85 #11696213 
  
 Palitoy 20-Back Death Star Droid AFA 85 #19616463 
  
 Palitoy 20-Back Hammerhead AFA 85 #12519045 
  
 Palitoy 30-Back-A Hoth Trooper AFA 85 #11584683 
  
 Palitoy 65-back R2-D2 with Sensorscope 
  
 Palitoy Tri-Logo Imperial Dignitary AFA 75+ #19588540 
  
 Palitoy Tri-Logo Amanaman 
  
 Palitoy Tri-Logo Hammerhead 
  
 Palitoy Tri-Logo Luke Skywaker (brown hair) 
  
 Palitoy Tri-Logo Princess Leia Organa 
  
 Palitoy Tri-Logo Yak Face 
  
 Palitoy Diecast Tie Fighter 
  
 Takara Sticker 12-Back-B Ben Kenobi 
  
 Toltoys Death Star Spherical Cardboard Playset with Palitoy innards 
  
 LEGO Millenium Falcon #10179 
  
 LEGO Super Star Destroyer #10221 
  
 LEGO Rebel Snowspeeder #10129 
  
 LEGO Imperial Shuttle #10212 
  
 Goodbye party Gooney watch 
  
 Goodbye party Gooney yellow mug 
  
 Goodbye party Gooney hat 
  
 Multi-color K tie tac 
  
 Terminator Gooney mug 
  
 Raiders slide 
  
 Gooney hats x 4 
  
 Star Wars blue Fall flyer |||||

Summary: