Summarize this article:

The memorial service for Justice Antonin Scalia concludes at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington. 
  
 Feb. 20, 2016 The memorial service for Justice Antonin Scalia concludes at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington. Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post 
  
 Scalia is laid to rest at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington. 
  
 Scalia is laid to rest at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington. 
  
 Scalia is laid to rest at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington. 
  
 A Texas sheriff’s department released an incident report late Tuesday that revealed new details of the discovery of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia’s body, as well as the name of the friend who accompanied him on the hunting trip and the items found inside the ranch bedroom where the justice was found. 
  
 In response to a public records request made by The Washington Post, the Presidio County Sheriff’s Office released an incident report from the sheriff’s investigation of Scalia’s death at the Cibolo Creek Ranch on Feb. 13. The report stated that the justice’s body was found in bed with a pillowcase covering his eyes. A breathing apparatus was on the table next to the bed, but it was switched off. Scalia was lying on three pillows “stacked up to elevate his head.” 
  
 [Read the incident report here] 
  
 Scalia’s sheets and pillows “were still in the creased position from that day’s room service, indicating that there was no struggle involved,” the report said. The top pillowcase “appeared to have shifted at some point in the night due to the weight of his pillow, causing the pillow case to slide down and cover his eyes.” 
  
 The sheriff noted that the position of the pillow “did not seem to have inhibited Scalia’s breathing.” 
  
 Antonin Scalia died on Saturday, Feb. 13. Here's a look back on his tenure, his judicial philosophy and the legacy he leaves behind. (Monica Akhtar,Natalie Jennings/The Washington Post) 
  
 About 12:14 p.m., the owner of the ranch, John Poindexter, called Presidio County Sheriff Danny Dominguez to report the death but would not give him the name of the deceased person. There was then a disagreement between them about who should handle the death report. Poindexter told Dominguez that he wanted to report the death to the U.S. Marshals Service, but Dominguez said that it was under his jurisdiction. 
  
 “He then stated to me that this death was way beyond my authority and that it should go the Feds (USMS),” Dominguez said in the report. “I then replied it doesn’t matter who it is, it was still under my jurisdiction.” 
  
 Dominguez called U.S. Marshal Ken Roberts, and they agreed to meet at the ranch, south of Marfa, Tex. The sheriff arrived about 12:35 p.m. 
  
 When Dominguez arrived, he met Poindexter and Allen Foster, who is described in the report as “a close friend of Scalia” who had flown in with him the day before. 
  
 C. Allen Foster is a prominent Washington lawyer who has argued before the Supreme Court. It was not immediately clear whether C. Allen Foster was the Scalia friend referred to in the report. A representative from his law firm said that he was traveling and that she would try to reach him. 
  
 Since Scalia’s death at the remote West Texas ranch, questions have been raised about how the death investigation was handled and why an autopsy wasn’t performed on the 79-year-old Supreme Court justice. 
  
 The Presidio County judge and the manager of the funeral home that handled Scalia’s body said Scalia’s family insisted on not having an autopsy done. 
  
 Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters) 
  
 Scalia suffered from coronary artery disease, obesity, diabetes and other ailments, according to a letter from his Supreme Court doctor. 
  
 Presidio County District Attorney Rod Ponton told the Associated Press there was nothing suspicious about Scalia’s death and cited a letter from Rear Adm. Brian P. Monahan, the attending physician for members of Congress and the Supreme Court. The Feb. 16 letter said Scalia’s many “significant medical conditions led to his death,” Ponton said. 
  
 Monahan listed ailments including “sleep apnea, degenerative joint disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and high blood pressure,” the AP said. Scalia was also a smoker, the letter said. 
  
 According to the Presidio County sheriff’s report, Poindexter, Foster and the ranch manager took Dominguez to the room where Scalia died. 
  
 “All seemed to be in order,” he wrote. Scalia was face-up on the bed, covered with sheets up to his chin. Both of his hands were “resting at his side.” 
  
 A hose for the breathing machine was found on the left side of Scalia’s bed, but was not attached to him. Scalia’s briefcase was found closed, on a recliner. On the kitchen counter, the sheriff found a “blue stretch band exercise device.” A shaving kit was on the counter in the bathroom. And his shoes were placed next to the bathtub. 
  
 Scalia’s suitcase was open, and the contents were neatly folded. A shirt was folded on the sofa. On the table to the right of his bed, the sheriff found a flashlight and a pitcher of water with a napkin folded over the top. On a table in the room, there was an “orange cap, a set of keys, a pen, a watch, and a bottle of water.” 
  
 Poindexter and Foster told the sheriff that Scalia had arrived at the ranch the day before to go hunting. Poindexter has told reporters that about 35 guests were at the ranch for the weekend together. 
  
 Poindexter told the sheriff that they “had supper and talked for a while” that evening. 
  
 Scalia “said that he was tired and was going to his room for the night,” the sheriff wrote in his report. ||||| FILE - In this Oct. 18, 2011 file photo, U.S. Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia looks into the balcony before addressing the Chicago-Kent College Law justice in Chicago. A letter from the Supreme Court's... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Oct. 18, 2011 file photo, U.S. Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia looks into the balcony before addressing the Chicago-Kent College Law justice in Chicago. A letter from the Supreme Court's doctor says Scalia suffered from coronary artery disease, obesity and diabetes, among other ailments... (Associated Press) 
  
 DALLAS (AP) — Antonin Scalia suffered from coronary artery disease, obesity and diabetes, among other ailments that probably contributed to the justice's sudden death, according to a letter from the Supreme Court's doctor. 
  
 Presidio County District Attorney Rod Ponton cited the letter Tuesday when he told The Associated Press there was nothing suspicious about the Feb. 13 death of the 79-year-old jurist. He said the long list of health problems made an autopsy unnecessary. 
  
 Ponton had a copy of the letter from Rear Adm. Brian P. Monahan, the attending physician for members of Congress and the Supreme Court. The letter was to Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara, who conducted a death inquiry by phone and certified Scalia's death. 
  
 The letter dated Feb. 16 said Scalia's many "significant medical conditions led to his death," Ponton said. 
  
 In the letter, Monahan listed more than a half-dozen ailments, including sleep apnea, degenerative joint disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and high blood pressure. Scalia also was a smoker, the letter said. 
  
 Ponton declined to provide a copy of the letter, saying an open-records request must be made to Guevara. 
  
 The AP filed a records request with the judge last week, but she did not provide the letter or respond to a reporter's phone message Tuesday. The Texas Department of State Health Services has declined to release a copy of the death certificate. 
  
 Scalia was found dead in his bed at the Cibolo Creek Ranch, not far from the Mexico border, where he had gone on a hunting trip. 
  
 Dr. Mark Hlatky, professor of cardiovascular medicine at Stanford University, said a 79-year-old man with those conditions, especially coronary artery disease and sleep apnea, would be at risk for a potentially fatal heart arrhythmia. 
  
 "A lot of people do die in their sleep, and they're found the next day." 
  
 The conditions are also associated with pulmonary embolism and stroke, which could also "kill somebody very suddenly." 
  
 Scalia's death, he said, was unexpected, "but it sounds like it wasn't suspicious." 
  
 The justice's many ailments, taken together, were "quite dangerous," said Dr. David Zich, a physician of internal and emergency medicine at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. 
  
 Zich said he would advise a patient with those conditions who was still smoking to stop smoking first and then lose weight. 
  
 "Those are the main two things someone in his position can do himself," Zich said. "The rest falls on the physician to medically manage blood pressure and make sure their blood sugar levels are controlled well." 
  
 Zich said he would also want such a patient to use a continuous positive airway pressure machine, or CPAP, at night for sleep apnea "to make sure the heart and body aren't stressed while sleeping." 
  
 A breathing apparatus was found on the night stand next to Scalia's bed when his body was found, but he was not hooked up to it and it was not turned on when he died, according to a Presidio County Sheriff's Office incident report obtained late Tuesday by The Washington Post. 
  
 Nothing appeared out of place around Scalia's bed, according to the report. Three pillows were stacked to elevate Scalia's head. A top pillow appeared to have toppled onto his eyes and forehead but didn't appear positioned to impede his breathing, the report stated. 
  
 His arms were at his side atop the bed covers, which were pulled up to his chin. The bed covers were smooth and creased and showed no sign of a struggle, according to the report. 
  
 His suitcase was open and contained neatly folded clothing. On the kitchen counter rested a blue stretch exercise band. 
  
 Guevara, who as county judge is the top administrator in the area, previously said she conferred by phone with Sheriff Danny Dominguez and a U.S. marshal before certifying the death. On the day Scalia died, she also conferred with Monahan by phone before determining the cause of death. 
  
 Scalia's death "was handled in a similar fashion as the cases of other elderly people who have died in Presidio County," Ponton said. 
  
 In rural Texas, justices of the peace investigate deaths, among other duties, but the two justices in the region were out of town and unavailable. Guevara was also out of town, more than 60 miles away, but agreed to conduct the death inquiry by phone. 
  
 The Supreme Court does not provide regular reports about the justices' health. It is left to each court member to decide how much to make public about medical conditions. 
  
 Some justices, including Ruth Bader Ginsburg, have released detailed reports of hospital stays and surgeries. The Supreme Court's press office could find just one release in 29 years pertaining to Scalia's health, a report of surgery in 2003 to repair a torn rotator cuff in his right shoulder. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Carla K. Johnson in Chicago and Mark Sherman in Washington contributed to this report. |||||