News article:

James Foley’s Brother: The U.S. Could Have Done More for Jim 
  
 By Liz Goodwin 
  
 The brother of American journalist James Foley said Friday morning that the U.S. government could have done more to attempt to free his brother and other American hostages from the Islamic militant group ISIL. 
  
 “There’s more that could have been done directly on Jim’s behalf,” Michael Foley, 38, told Yahoo Global News Anchor Katie Couric in an exclusive interview near his parents’ home in Dover, New Hampshire. “I really, really hope that Jim’s death pushes us to take another look at our approach to terrorist and hostage negotiation.” 
  
 Foley, a 40-year-old journalist who was covering the Syrian conflict for GlobalPost, was kidnapped nearly two years ago near the Syria-Turkey border. ISIL, also called ISIS, released a grisly video of his beheading Tuesday, claiming it killed him in retaliation for U.S. airstrikes in the region. 
  
 But another issue was money. The group had also captured French and Spanish journalists, but freed them after their governments paid ransoms through intermediaries. The U.S. government refused to negotiate or pay the group on behalf of Foley and other American captives. ISIL emailed Michael Foley and demanded 100 million euros—a sum he called “ridiculous”—for his brother’s release. 
  
 “I just feel strongly that more can be done moving forward,” Michael Foley said. 
  
 The Obama administration said this week that it had sent a special military operations force to try to rescue Foley and the other Americans over the summer, but that the mission failed. “I’d like to think it did happen, but I certainly wasn’t aware of it,” Foley said of the failed mission. 
  
 ISIL has threatened to kill another captured American journalist, Steven Sotloff, next. Michael Foley said he hopes the U.S. government does more on his behalf, including considering trading prisoners held in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
  
 “I don't believe ISIL can be contained — containment is not a strategy. We need to recognize that they are a threat and we need to deal with them,” Michael Foley said. 
  
 Michael Foley and his sister Katie, 26, told Couric that condolences have come pouring in from all around the world. Pope Francis called their family yesterday, telling them that James Foley’s death was an act of martyrdom. 
  
 The family briefly had hope that they would be able to negotiate for his release, after an intermediary made contact with ISIL on their behalf. But then the U.S. government began bombing ISIL earlier this month. On August 12, ISIL sent Foley’s parents a “chilling” email saying their son would die to pay for the airstrikes, according to Michael Foley. “I don’t understand where that type of hate could come from,” Katie Foley said. 
  
 The family believes that Foley volunteered to be the first American to be executed. “You can see from the clips from the video that he wasn’t afraid,” Michael Foley said. 
  
 European journalists who were captured by ISIL but later freed told Foley’s family that the journalist made a makeshift board game out of objects they found and even taught his fellow captives Spanish as a way to keep hope alive. 
  
 The U.S. government says they will hunt down and punish Foley’s killers. 
  
 “We will be relentless,” President Barack Obama said this week. “When people harm Americans anywhere, we do what’s necessary to see that justice is done.” 
  
 Foley’s friends have set up a scholarship fund in his name at Marquette University, where he graduated in 1996, for disadvantaged students. 
  
 Watch the Full Interview: ||||| share tweet pin email 
  
 James Foley's parents, John and Diane Foley, say that before their son was killed by ISIS they had hoped they could negotiate with the terrorist group, and promise that their son's legacy will live on. 
  
 "Jim's strength and love was the answer to prayer...Jim will live on," the Foleys told TODAY's Tamron Hall Friday. 
  
 ISIS militants have claimed responsibility for executing the American photojournalist. The group sent Foley's parents an email on Aug. 12, stating that their son would be "executed." The email was the first communication the Foleys had received from their son's captors since December of 2013, which initially left them hopeful they could find a way to bring him home safely. 
  
  
  
 Today John and Diane Foley 
  
 "I actually was excited to see an email despite the conclusion that they would execute Jim,'' his father said. "We underestimated that point. I did not realize how brutal they were, and I actually hoped we could engage in negotiations with them if they were willing to send any sort of communication because we had none prior." 
  
 A French journalist who was released in April and shared a cell with Foley spoke about his courage and noted how he was treated more harshly because he was American. 
  
 "Jim's courage and particularly his compassion and love in that box, which they called it, was an answer to prayer,'' his mother said. "We had so many people praying for Jimmy. We had begged for prayer, but we didn't need to." 
  
  
  
 The family has received a call from Pope Francis comforting them for their loss. 
  
 "Pope Francis was so dear because he is grieving himself having just lost three members of his family and (with) his nephew critically ill,'' Diane said. "Here in the midst of his tremendous grief, he took the time to call. He was just so kind." 
  
 Follow TODAY.com writer Scott Stump on Twitter and Google+. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  ||||| Somewhere in the desert of eastern Syria, a militant from the Islamic State beheaded the American journalist James Foley this week. The killer and his terrorist group are responsible for Foley’s death. They should be the focus of public anger. 
  
 But Foley’s execution is also a chilling wake-up call for American and European policymakers, as well as U.S. news outlets and aid organizations. It is the clearest evidence yet of how vastly different responses to kidnappings by U.S. and European governments save European hostages but can doom the Americans. Hostages and their families realize this fully — even if the public does not. 
  
 “I wish I could have the hope of freedom and seeing my family once again, but that ship has sailed,” Foley said moments before he was killed in a craven video released by the militant group on Tuesday. “I guess, all in all, I wish I wasn’t American.” 
  
 Foley clearly spoke under duress. But his regret at being an American captive, real or not, reflected grim fact. 
  
 This spring, four French and two Spanish journalists held hostage by the Islamic State extremists were freed — after the French and Spanish governments paid ransoms through intermediaries. 
  
 The U.S. government refused to negotiate or pay a ransom in Foley’s case or for any other American captives — including my own abduction by the Taliban five years ago. 
  
 With the help of an Afghan journalist abducted with me, I was lucky enough to escape. But today Foley is dead and the Islamic State militants now say Steven Sotloff, a journalist for Time magazine whom the group also captured, will be killed if the United States does not stop bombing its fighters in Iraq. 
  
 There are no easy answers in kidnapping cases. The United States cannot allow terrorist groups to control its foreign policy. 
  
 One clear lesson that has emerged in recent years, however, is that security threats are more effectively countered by united American and European action. The divergent U.S. and European approach to abductions fails to deter captors or consistently safeguard victims. 
  
 Last month, a New York Times investigation found that al Qaeda and its direct affiliates had received at least $125 million in revenue from kidnappings since 2008 — primarily from European governments. In the last year alone, they received $66 million. 
  
 “Kidnapping hostages is an easy spoil,” Nasser al-Wuhayshi, the leader of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, wrote in a 2012 letter to the leader of an al Qaeda affiliate in North Africa, “which I may describe as a profitable trade and a precious treasure.” 
  
 Publicly, European governments deny making these payments. But former diplomats told the Times that ransoms have been paid through intermediaries. 
  
 Kidnapping as a fundraising tactic is thriving and rates are going up. In 2003, a ransom of roughly $200,000 was paid for each captive, the newspaper found. Today, captors reap millions per captive. 
  
 Abductions have become so lucrative that al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan help oversee negotiations for affiliates. Militants groups spread across North Africa, the Middle East and South Asia are now following the same rough protocol. 
  
 Hostage-taking by extremist groups is now so pervasive that at least one major aid organization is not sending U.S. aid workers to areas where they might be abducted. Instead, they are sending citizens from European countries with governments that will pay ransoms. 
  
 The cases have taken on a grim pattern: Hostages are abducted, months pass with no news from the captors and a threatening video or email is then sent to families. In some cases, the militants ask that cases not be made public so ransom can be paid quietly. 
  
 This was the case in Foley’s tortuous, 21-month abduction. For the first 16 months after Foley was taken captive, his family had no information regarding his whereabouts. They learned he was alive from two Spanish journalists who were freed by the Islamic State in March after a ransom was paid. 
  
 In a subsequent email message, the captors instructed the family to keep the case quiet and not identify the Islamic State as the kidnappers. Fearing for Foley’s life, the family obeyed. Other American families with loved ones taken captive by militants have done the same. 
  
 Privately, the Foleys and other families have grown intensely frustrated with the failure of American officials to negotiate with the captors. U.S. government officials also refused to coordinate their response in any way with European governments. 
  
 In the days and weeks ahead, the Foley family will speak for themselves about their ordeal. But the payment of ransoms and abduction of foreigners must emerge from the shadows. It must be publicly debated. American and European policymakers should be forced to answer for their actions. 
  
 Foley believed that his government would help him, according to his family. In a message that was not made public, Foley said that he believed so strongly that Washington would help that he refused to allow his fellow American captives to not believe in their government. 
  
 A consistent response to kidnapping by the U.S. and Europe is desperately needed. The current haphazard approach is failing. 
  
 James Foley must not die in vain. 
  
 PHOTO: James Foley works in Aleppo, Syria, August 2012. Photo courtesy of Nicole Tung 
  
 PHOTO (INSERT 1): French journalist Nicolas Henin (L) is cheered by relatives as he arrives by helicopter from Evreux to the military airbase in Villacoublay, near Paris, April 20, 2014. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer 
  
 PHOTO (INSERT): Journalist James Foley (front) arrives with fellow reporter Clare Gillis (not pictured), after being released by the Libyan government, at Rixos hotel in Tripoli, May 18, 2011.REUTERS/Louafi Larbi |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?