Article:

What to Know Hate crimes are up 35 percent in NYC year over year, with a 45 percent uptick in arrests, officials said Monday 
  
 Bias incidents have spiked 115 percent since Election Day, with 43 cases reported in NYC vs. 20 in the same time period last year 
  
 There have been similar cases reported across the U.S. in the aftermath of the election 
  
 A Muslim MTA worker was called a terrorist and pushed down the stairs at Grand Central Terminal on Monday, the latest in a string of alleged bias attacks sweeping the region, authorities said. 
  
 The woman, wearing her New York City transit uniform, was on her way to work and had just gotten off the 7 train when the suspect shoved her, according to Gov. Andrew Cuomo's office. 
  
 She hurt her ankle and knee in the fall and was taken to NYU Langone Hospital for treatment. 
  
 The attack comes amid a spate of apparent instances of bias crime and hateful language throughout the region following the presidential election. 
  
 Messages of Hate Found in Mineola Neighborhood 
  
 Swastikas and hateful messages found painted on a sidewalk outside a home in Mineola. Greg Cergol reports. (Published Monday, Dec. 5, 2016) 
  
 Swastikas were painted inside a 1 train on Saturday, and KKK recruitment materials were distributed in two Long Island Railroad stations. 
  
 In New York City, hate crime has spiked 115 percent since Election Day, with 43 cases reported compared with 20 cases in the same period in 2015, according to NYPD Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce. Bias against Muslims has doubled, with four cases reported since Election Day compared with two reported in the same time period last year. 
  
 Overall, hate crimes are up 35 percent year over year, with a 45 percent uptick in arrests, Boyce said. 
  
 Discrimination has also been reported in schools. Suffolk County officials sent a letter to each of its school districts in recent weeks offering to help deal with race-based bullying, and in at least one instance students chanted "build a wall" in the hallways. 
  
 There have been similar reports of bias across the U.S. in the wake of the presidential election. Most of the cases appear to involve graffiti or violence directed at racial or ethnic minorities and in some reports the perpetrators indicated support for President-elect Donald Trump. 
  
 Most recently, a Muslim woman wearing a hijab was harassed in the 23rd Street subway station by three men who allegedly called her a terrorist, chanted "Donald Trump" to her and told her to get out of the country, officials said. 
  
 And in the Mineola village of Long Island, police were investigating after someone spray-painted a red swastika along with the words "Make America White Again" on a Washington Avenue home last Wednesday, along with racist remarks against African American and Middle Eastern people. Similar words were spray painted on a sidewalk on Elm Place. 
  
 During a "60 Minutes" interview in November, Trump looked at the camera and said that any supporters of his who are harassing people or destroying property should "stop it." 
  
 Shortly after the election, Cuomo announced a hotline for New Yorkers to report instances of discrimination. 
  
 Anyone who wants to report an instance of bias or discrimination can call 888-392-3644 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on weekdays. New Yorkers who want to report a crime or fear their safety should still call 911. ||||| A Muslim woman wearing a religious headscarf was harassed on the subway by three men who allegedly called her a terrorist and chanted "Donald Trump" to her, police say. 
  
 Police are searching for those men, who allegedly targeted the Long Island woman on the 23rd Street subway station serving the 6 line at about 10 p.m. Thursday. 
  
 The suspect walked up to the woman, who was wearing a hijab, and began chanting, "Donald Trump! Donald Trump! F****** terrorist, get out of this country, you don't belong here," according to police. 
  
 The men got on the northbound 6 train with the woman when it pulled into the station, and the woman moved to the back of the train, police said. The men eventually moved toward her, again yelling "terrorist, get out of this country." 
  
 One of the men grabbed the woman's bag, breaking one of the straps, police said. 
  
 The woman told police she responded to the men, "What the f*** do you want?" and moved away again. When she got off the train at Grand Central, the men yelled after her, "Get the f****** hijab off your head!," according to police. 
  
 The woman reported the incident to police at Grand Central. She told them the men, who were white, appeared intoxicated. There was no other immediate description of the suspects, and police are canvassing for surveillance video. 
  
 In a Facebook post late Friday night, the victim spoke out about the attack. 
  
 "It breaks my heart that so many individuals chose to be bystanders while watching me get harassed (sic) verbally and physically by these disgusting pigs," she wrote. 
  
 The NYPD said last week that bias incidents in New York City have spiked 400 percent in the two weeks since Trump was elected president compared to the same period last year. NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill, however, stopped short of saying that Trump's victory played a role in what he described as a troubling trend. 
  
 Demonstrators outraged over the recent attacks gathered in Jackson Heights Friday night, calling it a "hate-free zone." 
  
 "We're horrified by the incident in and of itself," Afaf Nasher of the Council on American Islamic Relations said of the subway harassment of the Muslim woman. "Anyone going through some kind of attack is absolutely unacceptable. But then you feel this overwhelming empathy because we know that this is not the only person who has been assaulted in mass transit, but also on streets." 
  
 There are "swastikas showing up, people who are dressed wearing religious garb being targeted," said Nasher. "We're seeing it on every level from young kids in school to adults in the streets." 
  
 Stefan Holt contributed to this report ||||| NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – A Muslim employee of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority was attacked in Grand Central Station on her way to work Monday morning, police said. 
  
 The assault took place at around 7 a.m. as the victim — Soha Salama, 45 — was heading to work on the 7 train. She was wearing an MTA uniform and a hijab at the time. 
  
 The suspect followed her off the train and shoved her down the stairs, police said. 
  
 Salama was taken to the hospital for treatment of leg injuries. She said she is in a lot of pain, but does not have any broken bones. 
  
 Late Monday, Salama was nursing a twisted knee and a swollen ankle following the attack. 
  
 “He called me terrorist, I shouldn’t work here, go back to country,” she said. 
  
 Salama told CBS2’s Valerie Castro said she was not able to say anything to the man. 
  
 “I wasn’t able to say anything. I was running for my life,” she said. “I was afraid he was going to throw me down the tracks or do more bad to me than he already did. He was like pushing me down.” 
  
 Salama has lived in New York for more than 20 years, and said she has never experienced such hate. While she said the incident has scared her, it hasn’t been enough to change the way she treats others. 
  
 “I will continue loving people. It doesn’t affect me as a person,” Salama said. “I will continue to love and care for everybody.” 
  
 Gov. Andrew Cuomo was furious following the attack. 
  
 “This is the great state of New York – we welcome people of all cultures, customs and creeds with open arms. We do not allow intolerance or fear to divide us because we know diversity is our strength and we are at our best when we stand united,” Cuomo said. 
  
 TWU Local 100 President John Samuelsen issued this statement regarding the reported attack on a transit worker at Grand Central Terminal: 
  
 “Real New Yorkers don’t go after people because of their race or creed. Only ignorant, racist hate-filled fools do that. They don’t realize that our diversity is our strength and is what makes New Yorkers the greatest. We call for an increased police presence in the transit system to ensure the safety of all workers and riders.” 
  
 Cuomo said he has asked the MTA, State Police and Division of Human Rights to work with the NYPD to investigate the incident, along with a recent string of other hate crimes in the transit system. Last week, swastikas were found scrawled inside a 1 train, and KKK fliers were recently distributed at the Patchogue and Hampton Bay LIRR stations, Cuomo’s office said. 
  
 “The work of the Hate Crimes Task Force has never been more urgent and we will continue to crack down on this type of criminal behavior. I wish a speedy recovery for the victim, and want to let her know we are seeking justice for her and for all New Yorkers,” Cuomo said. 
  
 Cuomo’s announcement comes on the same day Mayor Bill de Blasio decried the alleged harassment of a Muslim NYPD officer. 
  
 “I was sick to my stomach when I heard that one of our officers was subjected to threats and taunting simply because of her faith,” de Blasio said. 
  
 Officer Aml Elsokary found a man shoving and yelling at her son, police said. When she intervened, the man yelled at her “ISIS (expletive), I will cut your throat, go back to your country!” according to police. 
  
 Elsokary said Monday that she became a cop to help all New Yorkers, regardless of their beliefs. 
  
 “I’m born and raised here and I’m here to protect you and I know that my department and my city is here to protect me,” she said. “I became a police officer to show the positive side of a New Yorker, Muslim woman that can do the job, that is non-bias, that I can help everybody no matter what’s your religion.” 
  
 The accused, 36-year-old Christopher Nelson of Bay Ridge, was arrested on charges including menacing as a hate crime and second-degree aggravated harassment, authorities said. He was arraigned Monday and bail was set at $50,000. 
  
 Another Muslim woman was targeted on the subway last week. 
  
 On Thursday, an 18-year-old Muslim woman, Yasmin Seweid, says a group of men berated her on the subway. 
  
 “They were surrounding me from behind and they were like, ‘Oh look, it’s an f-ing terrorist,” she said. 
  
 U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) has denounced the growing trend of attacks, pushing for increased federal funding to protect places of worship and non-profits from threats. ||||| NEW YORK (AP) — Reports of hate crimes have spiked in New York City and the city's mayor says he believes heated rhetoric by President-elect Donald Trump is a factor. 
  
 At a news conference Monday, Mayor Bill de Blasio spoke about allegations that an off-duty Muslim police officer was threatened by a man who told her to "go back to her country." 
  
 Asked if he thought Trump was to blame for an increase in similar incidents, the mayor said "It's obviously more complicated than that. It is not linear." 
  
 But he accused Trump of using "hate speech" and saying "horrible things" about Muslims. 
  
 Police in New York have logged 43 possible hate crimes since Trump's election, double the number during the same period last year. 
  
 Trump has denied that his proposals on immigration and restrictions on Muslims entering the U.S. amounted to hate speech. |||||
What is a summary?