Summarize this article:

STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- NASA says there is a small chance an asteroid the size of the Empire State Building could hit Earth in 2135. 
  
 NASA scientists say the asteroid, named Bennu, could slam into Earth in September 2135, destroying living things in the process. 
  
 While the odds of the asteroid hitting Earth are one in 2,700, NASA has a plan if Bennu decides to go rogue. 
  
 In an integrated study by NASA and the National Nuclear Security Administration, researchers have two realistic responses if Bennu comes too close to Earth. Bennu was selected for the case study because it is the best-studied of the known near-Earth objects. 
  
 According to the study, NASA would use a spacecraft functioning as a kinetic impactor to deflect or push the asteroid out of Earth's orbit. In certain cases, NASA would set off a nuclear weapon. 
  
 The plan is called the Hypervelocity Asteroid Mitigation Mission for Emergency Response, or HAMMER. 
  
 NASA's OSIRIS-REx spacecraft has been on its way to Bennu for two years, according to the space agency. It is the first U.S. mission to collect a sample of an asteroid and return it to Earth to study. 
  
 "Analyzing the sample will help scientists understand the early solar system, as well as the hazards and resources of near-Earth space," NASA wrote on its website. 
  
 The sample will allow scientists to study the asteroid which contain natural resources such as water, organics and metal. 
  
 "Asteroids are remnants of the building blocks that formed the planets and enabled life. Future space exploration and economic development may rely on asteroids for these materials," NASA wrote. 
  
 FOLLOW ANNALISE KNUDSON ON FACEBOOK AND TWITTER. ||||| This paper is part of an integrated study by NASA and the NNSA to quantitatively understand the response timeframe should a threatening Earth-impacting near-Earth object (NEO) be identified. The two realistic responses considered are the use of a spacecraft functioning as either a kinetic impactor or a nuclear explosive carrier to deflect the approaching NEO. The choice depends on the NEO size and mass, the available response time prior to Earth impact, and the various uncertainties. Whenever practical, the kinetic impactor is the preferred approach, but various factors, such as large uncertainties or short available response time, reduce the kinetic impactor's suitability and, ultimately, eliminate its sufficiency. 
  
 Herein we examine response time and the activities that occur between the time when an NEO is recognized as being a sufficient threat to require a deflection and the time when the deflection impulse is applied to the NEO. To use a kinetic impactor for successful deflection of an NEO, it is essential to minimize the reaction time and maximize the time available for the impulse delivered to the NEO by the kinetic impactor to integrate forward in time to the eventual deflection of the NEO away from Earth impact. ||||| Here’s a tip for the planners among us: If you have dinner reservations or theater tickets for Sept. 22, 2135 (it’s a Thursday), now might be a good time to scuttle them. 
  
 Sometime the day before, scientists say, there is a small chance that an asteroid the size of the Empire State Building will smack into Earth, destroying a lot of living things on the planet. 
  
 But don’t worry. NASA has got you covered. 
  
 Forward-thinking astrophysicists and people who specialize in blowing things up with nuclear weapons have come up with a plan, which they swear was not drawn up by Bruce Willis. 
  
 If the asteroid — it is named Bennu — decides to go rogue, they could send a nearly nine-ton “bulk impactor” to push it out of Earth’s orbit. Or, more likely, they would gently nudge it out of its apocalyptic path using a nuclear device. 
  
 The scheme is called the Hypervelocity Asteroid Mitigation Mission for Emergency Response. Or, for people who love acronyms and despise subtlety: HAMMER. 
  
 Brent W. Barbee, the NASA aerospace engineer who helped author the study, insists that it is all theoretical. (His exact words: “Please don’t print that an asteroid is going to crash into Earth in The Washington Post.”) 
  
 But using granular detail and eye-glazing amounts of math, the researchers believe they have a viable solution to a world-rattling what-if question. 
  
 There is, of course, no massive mission to build a craft capable of playing a celestial game of space pool. The odds of Bennu actually hitting us are about 1 in 2,700. And the asteroid is not big enough to send us the way of the dinosaurs. 
  
 But that doesn’t mean there is no practical application, Barbee told The Post. 
  
 “We’re doing these design studies to prepare ourselves, so if we do find a threatening object, we’re better prepared to deal with it,” he said. 
  
 Things from space smack into Earth all the time. Most of them are not existential threats, but some are large enough to cause injury or property damage. Generating a working framework to avoid an Earth impact could save lives. 
  
 Until recently, the framework has basically been luck. 
  
 In 1908, what many believe to be an asteroid crashed into an area near the Podkamennaya Tunguska River in Siberia, according to the BBC. It struck with a force 185 times as powerful as the Hiroshima atomic bomb, flattened 80 million trees and reduced hundreds of reindeer to charred carcasses. 
  
 A century later in 2013, a 10-ton, 49-foot-wide meteor streaked over Russia’s Ural Mountains at hypersonic speeds, shattering windows and injuring 1,100 people, Fox News reported. (Most were injured by shattered glass as they watched the meteor cross the daytime sky). The meteor broke up before it hit the ground but still left scars in nearby ice that were the length of a bus. 
  
 The only reason more people weren’t killed or injured, Barbee told The Post, is because the objects struck places where there weren’t many people. 
  
 [With a spacecraft in trouble and the White House watching, SpaceX had to deliver] 
  
 NASA has a Planetary Defense Coordination Office that tries to detect dangerous asteroids and comets close to Earth’s orbit. 
  
 There are more of these things than many people think, Barbee said. Researchers detect about 1,000 new objects each year; 10,000 extraterrestrial objects beelining for Earth could still be unaccounted for. 
  
 The defense coordination office also comes up with plans for deflecting or destroying discovered objects. 
  
 What Asteroid Bennu provides, besides pretty good fodder for a doomsday cult, is an opportunity for scientists to test those theories. 
  
 Bennu is, the report says, a “well-studied roughly spherical body” that gives researchers a good target for their calculations — data points to punch into the algorithm. They can see Bennu with telescopes and track the impact its gravity has on other celestial objects. 
  
 Soon we will know more. NASA’s OSIRIS-REx spacecraft has been en route to Bennu for two years, according to the agency. It contains instruments that “will map Bennu and establish the composition of the asteroid, including the distribution of the elements, minerals and organic materials.” 
  
 It will also scrape off a 2.1-ounce sample and bring it back to Earth, NASA says. 
  
 If the odds are not in Earth’s favor, and Bennu becomes a bigger threat, OSIRIS-REx could be followed by a beefier craft that would break off a lot more. 
  
 Read more: 
  
 This millionaire has a promising idea for space exploration. But he says aliens are already here. 
  
 Dentists keep dying of this lung disease. The CDC can’t figure out why. 
  
 This ancient shark with a snake head and 300 teeth is why we should just say nope to the ocean 
  
 Scientists have identified the 50-foot creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach 
  
 Baby bison dies after Yellowstone tourists put it in their car because it looked cold ||||| Illustration: NASA (Wikimedia Commons) 
  
 Recent headlines have contained lots of asteroid-nuking talk. There’s a team of Russian scientists zapping mini asteroids in their lab, and supposedly NASA is thinking about a plan that would hypothetically involve nuking Bennu should it threaten Earth in 2135. 
  
  
  
 It’s true that NASA is drafting up ideas on how one might nuke an incoming asteroid, a theoretical plan called HAMMER, or the Hypervelocity Asteroid Mitigation Mission for Emergency Response, as we’ve reported. But scientists probably won’t need to use such a response on the “Empire State Building-sized” asteroid 101955 Bennu, which is set to pass close to Earth in 2135. Diverting such a threat could be much, much easier. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 “Even just painting the surface a different color on one half would change the thermal properties and change its orbit,” Michael Moreau, NASA’s OSIRIS-REx Flight Dynamics System Manager, told Gizmodo. That would involve literally sending a spacecraft to somehow change the color of some of the asteroid. 
  
 There’s lots we don’t know about asteroids just yet, which is why NASA has sent the probe OSIRIS-REx toward Bennu. This mission aims to scoop up and return a sample of the rock in 2023. 
  
 There is a minuscule chance, around 1 in 2,700 odds, that Bennu will strike Earth in 2135, reports the Washington Post. The rock isn’t big enough to end humanity, but it could cause some major damage. The OSIRIS-REx spacecraft will study the rock more, and NASA will continue to collect data to either rule out the chance of an impact or increase the odds. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 But don’t worry about Bennu yet. Should the odds of a Bennu strike grow too high, the laws of physics will allow for a much easier solution than nuking. We could just splash it with some paint. 
  
 The sun pelts everything in the solar system with a slew of tiny particles, for example. This imparts a little bit of pressure. These particles are of no consequence to our own orbit, since Earth is incredibly massive, but Bennu weighs only around 13 times the mass of the Great Pyramid of Giza. That’s very light, comparatively. Given the 120 years or so we’ve got and the amount of distance Bennu has left to travel before its nearby approach, if scientists could make some of it more susceptible to the solar radiation, that would slightly alter its path enough that it would miss us. Doing so would require changing part of its surface so it absorbs more radiation—for example, by covering one side of it with paint. Scientists first need to better study its orbit around the sun to determine the best course of action. 
  
 All that is to say, as usual, we’re not about to be hit by the giant asteroid in the headlines. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 There are asteroids we need to worry about, of course. But as we’ve reported before, we’re not tracking them. The government has only required that NASA track asteroids larger than a football field or so. Something smaller could go under the radar and cause significant local damage without the 120 years of warning Bennu has afforded us. 
  
 The thought of nuking asteroids makes for great science fiction. But instead, you should spend more time upset that we don’t know what smaller asteroids are threatening us, rather than worry about the ones scientists are tracking that could be diverted more easily. |||||

Summary: