Summarize this article:

CLOSE Deep in the jungles of Borneo, scientists have discovered the world’s oldest paintings in ancient caves. Buzz60 
  
 The world's oldest figurative artwork, which was discovered in Borneo, is at least 40,000 years old. (Photo: Luc-Henri Fage) 
  
 The world’s earliest-known cave painting of an animal has been discovered on Borneo in Indonesia. It dates back to at least 40,000 years ago, a new study says. 
  
 The drawing is even older than the famous images of animals found in France and Spain. It was spotted in a remote cave by a team of archaeologists from Australia and Indonesia. 
  
 “The oldest cave art image we dated is a large painting of an unidentified animal, probably a species of wild cattle still found in the jungles of Borneo," said study lead author Maxime Aubert, an archaeologist and geochemist at Griffith University in Australia, in a statement. "It is now the earliest known figurative artwork.” 
  
 The paintings are more than 4,000 years older than the previous record holders on nearby Sulawesi, according to Science magazine. 
  
 The meaning of the animal is unknown, Aubert said. “We think it wasn’t just food for them – it meant something special." 
  
 In addition to the animal drawing, which is about 5 feet wide, scientists also found red- and purple-colored hand stencils and cave paintings of human scenes. These remote caves on Borneo have been known to contain prehistoric drawings since the 1990s. 
  
 Paintings of human figures were discovered in a cave in East Kalimantan on Borneo, Indonesia. The figures were drawn anywhere from 13,600 to 20,000 years ago. (Photo: Pindi Setiawan) 
  
 This finding adds to the mounting view that cave art – one of the most important innovations in human cultural history – did not arise in Europe as long believed, and that artists in Southeast Asia played a key role in its development. Humans began to create art in caves at a similar time in remote corners of the Ice Age world, the researchers said. 
  
 "Whether this is a coincidence, the result of cultural convergence in widely separated regions, large-scale migrations of a distinct Eurasian population, or another cause remains unknown," the study said. 
  
 Rock art expert Adhi Agus Oktaviana, another author of the study, said that “the new findings illustrate that the story of how cave art emerged is complex." 
  
 However, “who the ice age artists of Borneo were and what happened to them is a mystery,” noted study co-author Pindi Setiawan, an Indonesian archaeologist. 
  
 The study was published Wednesday in the peer-reviewed British journal Nature. 
  
 Mulberry-colored hand stencils are superimposed over older, reddish/orange hand stencils in this Indonesian cave art. (Photo: Kinez Riza) 
  
 Contributing: The Associated Press 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/science/2018/11/07/cave-art-worlds-oldest-paintings-animals-discovered-borneo/1922195002/ ||||| Indonesian Caves Hold Oldest Figurative Painting Ever Found, Scientists Say 
  
 Enlarge this image toggle caption Luc-Henri Fage/Nature Luc-Henri Fage/Nature 
  
 Archaeologists exploring caves in Indonesia have discovered a wall painting that could be the oldest figurative painting ever found. 
  
  
  
 It depicts ... a cow. Despite the humble subject matter, the painting is extraordinary because it's at least 40,000 years old. That makes it thousands of years older than the oldest such paintings in Europe. 
  
  
  
 The Indonesia painting is one of thousands of drawings and stencils in a warren of limestone caves tucked into remote mountains at the far eastern edge of the island of Borneo, a part of Indonesia called Kalimantan. Archaeologists went there in the 1990s looking for cave art. 
  
 Archaeologist Maxime Aubert of Griffith University in Australia says that when they showed photos of cave art to the local people, "They said, 'Oh, yeah, we've seen something like that in the caves.' " The locals knew the caves from going there to harvest birds' nests for the Asian market in birds' nest soup. 
  
  
  
 The drawings and paintings included lots of hand stencils made by putting a hand up against a rock and blowing liquid ochre onto it — as well as paintings of animals and of stick-figure humans with headdresses and spears. But no one knew how old they were. 
  
 Enlarge this image toggle caption Kinez Riza/Nature Kinez Riza/Nature 
  
 Recently, Aubert used a sophisticated form of dating technology that measures the elements uranium and thorium in the rock underlying the paintings, described in this week's issue of the journal Nature. The result, he says, "was amazing." 
  
 The oldest were anywhere from 40,000 to 52,000 years old. And some were clearly representational art and "not just ... an abstract design," Aubert says. 
  
 "It's clearly like someone decided to depict what they saw, like an animal or like another human," he says. "And they made that, they did that on purpose." 
  
  
  
 The oldest figurative painting was of a wild cow with horns that dates to at least 40,000 years ago — thousands of years older than similar figurative paintings in Europe. Older "artwork" has been found in Europe and Africa, but they are geometric drawings, consisting of lines and dots and hash marks. And there are carved figurines from Europe and Israel that date back even further. 
  
 Enlarge this image toggle caption Pindi Setiawan/Nature Pindi Setiawan/Nature 
  
 Cave art expert Genevieve von Petzinger of the University of Victoria in Canada says the discovery is exciting but not that surprising. 
  
 "I feel like we've been waiting for this now," von Petzinger says, adding that she thinks figurative art goes back a lot further than people thought. "My personal opinion is that our ancestors in Africa already knew how to do all this stuff." 
  
 Von Petzinger says she expects archaeologists will likely find it, if they look in the right places. 
  
  
  
 Aubert says the earliest hand stencils in the Borneo caves date back more than 50,000 years. He says that the painters kept returning to the caves and adding new work until about 20,000 years ago — an astonishing 30,000-year span — and that their work got more complicated over time. 
  
 Enlarge this image toggle caption Pindi Setiawan/Nature Pindi Setiawan/Nature 
  
 Cave art paints a picture, literally, of our ancestors' world that old bones or tools cannot, Aubert says. 
  
 "You can see the things ... they were doing — ritual dances, they were wearing those headdresses, you can see all that," he says. "The rock art kind of talks to you, it kind of feels like, 'yeah, they kind of did that for me, you know.' " 
  
  
  
 And they did it for their families, apparently. In one cave, the scientists crawled through a narrow opening into a side chamber. Inside, there were more hand stencils ... but different. 
  
 "You go in and you look and there are hand stencils there, but they're really small," Aubert says. "It's children." 
  
  
  
 Prehistoric kindergarten finger painting, perhaps. ||||| This animal image may be the world’s oldest figurative art 
  
 Daubed in orange ochre at least 40,000 years ago, images of what appear to be wild cattle on the Indonesian island of Borneo are now the oldest known figurative paintings in the world. Painted in a remote limestone cavern, they are more than 4000 years older than the previous record holders on nearby Sulawesi, and they add to evidence that thriving artistic traditions were emerging simultaneously in Europe and Asia. 
  
 Until recently, most researchers thought the home of the earliest figurative paintings—those depicting people and animals rather than abstract objects—was France’s Chauvet Cave. Vivid images of prehistoric rhinos, cave lions, and horses there have been dated to about 35,000 years old. But in 2014, a team led by geochemist and archaeologist Maxime Aubert of Griffith University in Gold Coast, Australia, dated paintings of wild pigs in caves on the Indonesian island of Sulawesi to at least 35,400 years old. Stencils of human hands there were at least 40,000 years old. 
  
 Now, as they report today in Nature , Aubert’s joint Indonesian-Australia team has dated a painting of what may be a banteng, a Southeast Asian wild cattle, in Borneo’s Lubang Jeriji Saléh cave, to at least 40,000 years ago; hand stencils there may be up to 52,000 years old, making them among the oldest such prints in the world. 
  
 “This is a remarkably important finding,” says Sue O’Connor, an archaeologist at Australian National University in Canberra who focuses on Southeast Asia and Australia, but was not involved in the new study. “It shows that the [previously discovered] Sulawesi rock art … was not regionally unique, but rather is part of a larger artistic and symbolic tradition” tracking some of the earliest modern humans in Southeast Asia, she says. 
  
 Rock art adorns many caves in the mountainous province of East Kalimantan. The researchers found that the paintings in Lubang Jeriji Saléh cave are of three styles and ages: the ancient orange animals and hand stencils; purplish hand stencils, intricate motifs, and dynamic human figures dated to 20,000 to 21,000 years ago; and black charcoal designs thought to have been left by Neolithic farmers about 4000 years ago. Over the millennia “there was clearly a shift from depicting the animal world to depicting the human world,” Aubert says—a trend also seen in the cave art of Europe. 
  
 To date the paintings, Aubert’s team turned to a now widely used technique, measuring the ratios of uranium and thorium in the calcite crusts that had accumulated on top of the cave paintings. The scientists took 65 different samples and tested for contamination that could have come from sources other than the calcite. They showed that the calcite layers were youngest at the surface and oldest closer to the paintings, meaning the dating is sound, Aubert says. 
  
 Jane Balme, an archaeologist at the University of Western Australia in Perth, says the discovery “draws attention to the widespread similarities in human’s symbolic expression across the globe.” We now know that the famous cave art of Europe “is just one area where such expression occurred 40,000 years ago,” she says. 
  
 But precisely how the various styles of art are linked to waves of migration is still an open question. “The discovery of three different chronological styles is quite amazing, as we can follow the evolution and changes of rock art over 50,000 years,” says Francois-Xavier Ricaut, a biological anthropologist from the University of Toulouse in France, who has also been working on Borneo. He says the big question now is whether the two older types of art represent the arrival of different peoples or were created by one population whose style evolved over time. 
  
 Aubert suspects humans in the region—present as far back as 60,000 to 70,000 years ago—didn’t create art until populations reached a critical mass. That wouldn’t have been true of the region’s earliest inhabitants, of whom no art has been discovered. 
  
 His team plans to look for butchered animal bones, tools, and other traces of the ancient artisans in the caves, starting next year. “We want to find out who made those paintings,” he says. |||||

Summary: