Article:
But we would love to have you keep writing for us for free! A couple of weeks ago, AOL threw its freelance journalists into purgatory: 
  
 They were supposed to sit tight and wait to hear from their editors on their roles in the post-merger Huffington Post Media Group. 
  
 The freelancers, naturally, assumed that this meant they were about to get canned. 
  
 And this suspicion, it appears, was correct. 
  
 Here's a note from one: 
  
 Well, it's official: The Huffington Post Transition team has just eliminated all AOL freelancers and contractors (at least those in business and finance--everything under Peter Goodman). But we have been invited to continue contributing for free. We will be replaced either by a handful of people Goodman has in mind, or with young, new (read cheap) writers who have yet to be hired. 
  
 We've been told that all these new, full-time employees will be expected to report to the office every day for a 40-hour work week. For some reason, it's very important to Arianna [Huffington] to have writers physically working in a newsroom in either LA, New York or Washington, DC, thus going back to an archaic newsroom model that went out with the invention of the telephone, and needlessly eliminating any talented writers in other parts of the country. So much for a global, cutting edge news team. The entire communications stream has been extremely unprofessional. Writers have been given conflicting and inaccurate information from their managers since the transition began, and this is mostly because managers have been given inaccurate and intentionally misleading information by the Huffington Post transition team. AOL managers have been kept in the dark and have not been made aware of the "new direction" they've been told to take. They basically have no idea as to who will be creating content for them, and what content is expected. The entire transition process has been schizophrenic -- we were told that they would not be rushing into anything, but that the process would be completed in three weeks. We were also told that everything would be handled on a case by case basis, and then we were all let go, no exceptions made, on one day. I hate to see what this portends for journalism in general. Arianna has taken the "Free Content" model just too far, and for some odd reason, harkened back to the 20th century. 
  
 AOL had indeed assembled an excellent group of freelancers, and on their behalf, we're certainly sorry to hear this news. 
  
 For what it's worth, we do understand Arianna's desire to have most folks working in the newsroom. The freelance model is often challenging in this medium because of the need to produce content in real-time and respond instantly to news. 
  
 Huffington Post has also hired some extremely expensive full-time editors and writers lately, so this isn't all about replacing expensive folks with cheap ones. But it sounds as though, in this battle, the Huffington folks have won out. 
  
 (And at the rate the transition is happening, there soon won't be anyone but Huffpo folks left. The team at Engadget, one of AOL's most successful pre-Huffpo brands, just quit to start a competing site at SB Nation.) 
  
 UPDATE: AOL's business-and-finance editor Peter Goodman says it is not true that AOL has fired all its freelancers. Peter says the company is hiring some of them full time. 
  
 See Also:Engadget Editors Quit En Masse To Start New Site To Compete With AOL ||||| The Final Call | Business & Money 
  
 Electronic boycott against Huffington Post? 
  
 By Nisa Islam Muhammad -Staff Writer- | Last updated: Apr 3, 2011 - 10:48:40 PM 
  
 What's your opinion on this article? 
  
 Printer Friendly Page 
  
 (FinalCall.com) - The recent sale of the online news site Huffington Post to AOL for $315 million was good news to founder Arianna Huffi ngton but a slap in the face to writers and bloggers who contribute content to the site for free. 
  
 Many are now upset, feeling used and abused. Visual Art Source, which has art galleries around the country and provided free content, has started a strike against the company. 
  
 “We shall remain on strike until these two demands are met. 
  
 First, a pay schedule must be proposed and steps initiated to implement it for all contributing writers and bloggers. Second, paid promotional material must no longer be posted alongside editorial content; a press release or exhibition catalogue essay is fundamentally different from editorial content and must be either segregated and indicated as such, or not published at all,” wrote Bill Lasarow, editor and publisher. More than 50 writers initially joined the strike—but more strikers are being recruited. 
  
 “I am also calling upon all others now contributing free content, particularly original content to the Huffington Post to also join us in this strike,” said Mr. Lasarow. “We think it is incumbent upon the many writers and bloggers to form a negotiating partnership with Huffington/AOL in order to pursue these and other important matters so as to professionalize this relationship. It is not entirely Ms. Huffi ngton's fault that so many talented professionals have been willing to accept the company's terms on an ‘in kind', basis.” 
  
 On March 16, the Newspaper Guild, a 26,000 member strong national union of media workers, joined the strike and electronic boycott. 
  
 “The Newspaper Guild is calling on unpaid writers of the Huffi ngton Post to withhold their work in support of a strike launched by Visual Art Source in response to the company's practice of using unpaid labor. In addition, we are asking that our members and all supporters of fair and equitable compensation for journalists join us in shining a light on the unprofessional and unethical practices of this company. Just as we would ask writers to stand fast and not cross a physical picket line, we ask that they honor this electronic picket line,” said the Newspaper Guild. 
  
 As Cherie Turner, a former Huffington Post writer, said, “Certainly, we all have written for free for the great exposure the Huffi ngton Post can give us, but what's the cost? Those of us on strike feel it undermines the value of our profession and is unethical, especially in light of great profi ts by those at the top. We are only asking for a fair share of what we are helping to create.” 
  
 The online HuffingtonPost.com made its mark as a popular progressive website and hub for articles, opinion pieces and other features that were often outside of mainstream media and an alternative to news and opinion from the political right. ||||| Earlier today, we published a note from an AOL freelance journalist reporting that AOL's business-and-finance freelancers had been canned. 
  
 AOL's business-and-finance editor Peter Goodman sent us the note below in response. 
  
 Peter says that AOL's business-and-finance freelancers have not all been canned: Some of them are being hired into full-time jobs. 
  
 Otherwise, Peter's take is basically the same as that of the freelancer who sent us the note: AOL is moving away from freelancers toward full-time staff (which is understandably distressing to some freelancers). Peter's note just emphasizes the positive view of this transition--the reasons AOL is doing what it is doing, and why they make sense. 
  
 (We agree with those reasons, by the way, as we said earlier). 
  
 Here's Peter's note: 
  
 While we much appreciate your interest in the many exciting happenings here at the Huffington Post Media Group inside AOL, your item this morning reporting a mass termination of freelancers staffing AOL's business and finance sites is simply false. No such communication has gone out. In fact, we have been hiring many freelancers into full-time jobs and will continue to do so in the weeks to come. 
  
 Worse, is the implication in your post that we are replacing high-paid veterans with inexperienced writers in order to cut cost. We have been investing aggressively in building a modern newsroom at our headquarters here in New York, and I would delighted to show you around anytime you like. One simple walk across the newsroom floor should quickly dispel any sense that we are diminishing scope and ambition, or opting for penny-pinching mode. [To clarify, we did not say AOL was cutting costs. In fact, we pointed out that AOL had paid astronomical salaries for some top-notch folks and that we agreed with the full-time vs freelance transition.] 
  
 We have been bringing in dozens of highly talented and, in many cases, deeply experienced writers and editors to staff our sections, and this is a process that has only begun. As someone who has worked for two decades inside traditional newspaper newsrooms -- all of them now figuring out how to make do with fewer people -- it is genuinely exciting to be building out this increasingly teeming place. 
  
 It is true that we are shifting from relying on freelancers and contractors to investing in full-time staff. We feel this gives everyone greater security and a shared mission. And we do want people right here in the newsroom, to participate in the sorts of spontaneous conversations that often yield the best ideas. This is something about which we are unabashed and even proud: We are assembling a first-rate group of full-time staff to take us forward. In many cases, we have been hiring people who have previously been freelancers into these full-time jobs. And, in some cases where geographic reach is needed (for example, autos coverage in Detroit), we are keeping people in place beyond the company's core offices in New York, Washington, and Los Angeles. 
  
 In many instances we are directing the freelance budget in its entirety to hiring the best staff people. This is not about cost savings; it's about aiming for journalistic excellence, and having on hand the most dedicated, talented and highly motivated group of people in our midst to pursue that goal. 
  
 Finally, I want to take on directly this persistent idea that people who have been paid to write and report will be replaced by people who write for free. This is simply not true. We are, again, transitioning from paying people to write under freelance contracts to people paid to write on a full-time staff basis. 
  
 At the same time, we will continue to embrace the contributions of a wholly different group of people -- our enormous, diverse, vibrant community of bloggers. These are people who are free to write or not write as they choose. We own no claim on their time, or guarantee on production. We rely on their insights, their expertise and their entertainment value, and they ride our platform to promote their books, advance their causes, and reach a bigger audience with their ideas. This has been a productive relationship for many -- not least, our swiftly growing readership -- and it will continue and expand across the AOL sites that are now part of our shared Huffington Post Media Group Enterprise. But the blogging component will not replace the work of hired, professional journalists who write for us as members of our staf. 
  
 Thanks very much for allowing me to clarify this, and please don't hesitate to take me up on an offer for a tour. 
  
 Best wishes, 
  
 Peter Goodman 
  
 See Also: AOL Freelancer Says AOL Has Fired Freelancers |||||Summary: