Write a summary based on this article:

RARITAN TWP. -- Adele Dunlap, who turned 114 in December, died on Sunday at Hunterdon Medical Center. 
  
 She was the oldest person living in America, a distinction that now passes to Delphine Gibson, 113, of Huntingdon County, Pa., a rural area west of Harrisburg, said Robert D. Young, director of the Gerontology Research Group. 
  
 Marie-Josephine Gaudette, 114, who currently lives in Italy, is the oldest living American, Young said. 
  
 Dunlap, who was born in Newark on Dec. 12, 1902, had become the oldest person living in America in July. She is survived by two sons, six grandchildren, 15 great-grandchildren and three great-great-grandchildren. 
  
 Two years ago she had no explanation for her longevity, and at the time her son Earl urged her, "Just keep going for the record." 
  
 Oldest living American celebrates birthday 
  
 A birthday celebration was held in December at Country Arch Care Center in Union Township in Hunterdon County, where she was living. She assumed the title of oldest American resident when Goldie Michelson of Massachusetts died on July 8. Dunlap said earlier this year she stopped counting her age when she turned 104. 
  
 A Funeral Mass of Christian Burial will be held at 11 a.m. on Friday at Immaculate Conception Church, 316 Old Allerton Road, Annandale, according to her obituary. She will be buried at Gate of Heaven Cemetery in East Hanover. 
  
 Dunlap, who has lived at Country Arch Care Center since she was 99, was also among the top 10 oldest people in the world, according to the Gerontology Research Group, which validates living supercentenarians, or people older than 110. She was among seven centenarians living at Country Arch. 
  
 In August, U.S. Rep. Leonard Lance and state Assemblyman Erik Peterson visited her at the center. 
  
 Born in the Clinton Hill section of Newark on Dec. 12, 1902, she was the youngest of four children, with three older brothers. After graduating from Southside High School in Newark, she entered Newark State Normal School to prepare for a teaching career. 
  
 She taught third grade for five years, during which time she met her husband, Earl "Lynn" Dunlap, with whom she had three children, two boys and a girl. 
  
 After her marriage she became a housewife, raising her family and tending to her home. "My mother didn't believe in marriage for teachers," she told NJ Advance Media during an interview when she turned 112. 
  
 Dunlap lived in Clinton with her son and his wife, Earl and Barbara Dunlap, for 12 years before moving to Country Arch Care Center. 
  
 Craig Turpin may be reached at cturpin@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @NJeditor. Find NJ.com on Facebook. ||||| FILE – In this July 19, 2016, file photo, 113-year-old Adele Dunlap, left, talks with Susan Dempster, right, the activities director at the Country Arch Care Center in Pittstown, N.J. Dunlap, a 114-year-old... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE – In this July 19, 2016, file photo, 113-year-old Adele Dunlap, left, talks with Susan Dempster, right, the activities director at the Country Arch Care Center in Pittstown, N.J. Dunlap, a 114-year-old New Jersey woman who was believed to be the oldest person in the U.S., died Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017,... (Associated Press) 
  
 FLEMINGTON, N.J. (AP) — Adele Dunlap, the oldest person in America, has died at age 114. 
  
 Dunlap died Sunday at a hospital near Flemington, according to the Martin Funeral Home. She became the country's oldest person in July 2016 following the death of 113-year-old Goldie Michelson, of Worcester, Massachusetts. 
  
 The oldest known person living in the U.S. now is 113-year-old Delphine Gibson, of Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, according the Gerontology Research Group, which tracks people older than 110 worldwide. 
  
 Dunlap didn't have an explanation for her longevity, and neither did her children. Asked once how it felt to be the oldest American, Dunlap said, "I don't feel any different." 
  
 Dunlap was born Dec. 12, 1902, in Newark, though family and caregivers said she often gave a younger age when asked how old she was. The year she was born, Theodore Roosevelt was president, Cuba gained independence from Spain, the second Boer War ended, and the U.S. bought the rights to the Panama Canal from France. 
  
 Dunlap taught school before marrying and settling down to raise the couple's three children. Her husband worked for an insurance company and died in 1963. 
  
 "She never went out jogging or anything like that," her son, Earl Dunlap, said when his mother became the oldest American. "She's not really thin, but she never weighed more than 140 pounds. She smoked, and when my father had his first heart attack, they both stopped. I think she ate anything she wanted." 
  
 Earl Dunlap said his mother wasn't a drinker but did occasionally enjoy a martini with her husband. 
  
 Officials at the Country Arch Care Center in Pittstown, where Dunlap first arrived at age 99 ½, described her as a passive participant in daily activities and said she didn't socialize much. But they said she looked forward to Girl Scouts' coming to sing Christmas carols. ||||| CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Adele Dunlap of Pittstown, NJ resides at the Country Arch Care Center where she celebrated her 114th. Dunlap, who has been a resident of New Jersey her entire life, became the oldest living American approximately six months ago. Kevin R. Wexler/NorthJersey.com 
  
 Adele Dunlap, the oldest American, on her 114th birthday Monday at the Country Arch Care Center in Pittstown. (Photo: Kevin R. Wexler/Staff Photographer) 
  
 Lifelong New Jerseyan Adele Dunlap, who assumed the title of oldest American five months ago, marked her 114th birthday Monday with a balloon bouquet and a "Happy Birthday" serenade from fellow residents of the Hunterdon County care center where she has lived since age 99. 
  
 But Dunlap made clear through her facial expressions and her answers to questions that she didn't appreciate the fuss. Asked what she was thankful for, Dunlap said, "Gee, how should I know?" And asked what her birthday wish was, she responded, "I've never thought of such a thing. I don't wish for anything." 
  
 She also declared that it was her 105th birthday. It's her habit to shave about a decade off her age, according to nursing home staff and her family. 
  
 Dunlap, a lifelong New Jersey resident, is the world's ninth-oldest person. (Photo: Kevin R. Wexler/Staff Photographer) 
  
 Dunlap was born in Newark on Dec. 12, 1902. Her birth date has been validated by the Gerontology Research Group, which tracks "supercentenarians," or people older than 110. Among the documents attesting to her astonishing age is her diploma from South Side High School in Newark. It is dated June 27, 1921 — 95½ years ago. 
  
 SENIORS: Tenafly follows national trend on busing 
  
 PEARL HARBOR: N.J. survivor remembers Dec. 7, 1941 
  
 INDUSTRY LEADER: Dye manufacturer worked until months before his death at 97 
  
 HOLOCAUST: Fair Lawn man survived nine Nazi camps 
  
 There are believed to be several hundred supercentenarians in the world. In addition to being the oldest American, Dunlap is the world's ninth-oldest person. The oldest, according to the Gerontology Research Group database, is an Italian woman, Emma Morano-Martinuzzi, who marked her 117th birthday on Nov. 29. The next-oldest American is Meta Dishman of Virginia. She turned 113 on June 1. Of the world's 46 oldest people in the Gerontology Research Group's database, 44 are women. 
  
 Dunlap moved up to oldest American when Goldie Michelson of Worcester, Mass., died on July 8, one month shy of her 114th birthday. She said at the time that being the oldest American didn't make her feel any different. 
  
 Dunlap shaking a maraca during an activity designed to engage the residents and help their motor skills. (Photo: Kevin R. Wexler/Staff Photographer) 
  
 On Monday morning at the Country Arch Care Center in Pittstown, Dunlap sat in a wheelchair with a blanket from the Tewksbury Women's Club over her lap and moccasins on her feet. She had her usual oatmeal for breakfast and then attended the "coffee club" in the dining room, where staffers and a dozen other residents sang "Happy Birthday" to her. That was the extent of the celebration. Country Arch recognizes birthdays en masse, and the 15 residents with December birthdays were feted last Wednesday. 
  
 Dunlap is one of five centenarians at the Country Arch Care Center. (Photo: Kevin R. Wexler/Staff Photographer) 
  
 The center has 111 residents, including five centenarians. The other four are more than a decade younger than Dunlap. 
  
 "Ms. Adele has requested that the celebrations become fewer because she says we are all important, and that speaks volumes about who she is," said Susan Dempster, Country Arch's marketing director. 
  
 Dempster described Dunlap as a "passive participant" in nursing home activities. She says the rosary every week and enjoys musical presentations, including Christmas carols from visiting Girl Scouts, who clamor to have their picture taken with the supercentenarian. "But we don't make Ms. Adele move that much physically," Dempster said. "If she wants to move, she'll move." 
  
 Dunlap with Susan Cason Dempster, marketing director at Country Arch Care Center. (Photo: Kevin R. Wexler/Staff Photographer) 
  
 The former Adele Henderson taught school briefly in Kearny and raised her three children in Short Hills. Her husband, Earl Dunlap Sr., who worked in insurance, died in 1963. Before moving to Country Arch, she lived in Clinton with her son Earl Jr., now 86, and daughter-in-law Barbara. 
  
 Others apparently didn't get the memo about Dunlap not wanting to make a big deal about her age. Last week, the mayor of Clinton arrived with a proclamation wishing the lifelong "Jersey girl" continued good health. And in August, Kean University wrote Dunlap a letter of congratulations on "capturing a singular title that is reserved for the remarkable person in the United States who has lived the longest and has witnessed more history than anyone – oldest American." Dunlap received a bachelor of arts degree in elementary education from the Newark Normal School, Kean University's predecessor. 
  
 Soon after basking in birthday wishes Monday, Dunlap was looking ahead. Asked what her favorite part of the day is, the 114-year-old said, "I guess just going to bed." 
  
 This day in history 
  
 On Dec. 12, 1902, the day Adele Dunlap was born .... 
  
 Theodore Roosevelt was president. There have been 18 presidents since. 
  
 There were 45 states in the Union. 
  
 The U.S. population was approximately 80 million, a quarter of what it is today. 
  
 The Wright Brothers' famous flight was still 12 months away. 
  
 From the pages of The New York Times on Dec. 12: 
  
 New Hampshire adopts a constitutional amendment in favor of women's suffrage, striking the word "male" from the following passage: "Every male inhabitant of each town shall have the right to vote." 
  
 Christmas gift specials from the Bloomingdale's on 59th Street in Manhattan: Women's and men's gloves, $1; women's and men's slippers, $1.49; china tea sets, $5.98. 
  
 . 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://northjersy.news/2hqRXdT |||||