Q:Information:  - Nikolaos Skoufas (1779  July 31, 1818) was a member of the Filiki Eteria ("Society of Friends"), a Greek conspiratorial organization against the Ottoman Empire.  - Antirrio (pronounced ) is a town and a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Nafpaktia, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 50.794 km.   - The euro (sign: €; code: EUR) is the official currency of the eurozone, which consists of 19 of the member states of the European Union: Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain. The currency is also officially used by the institutions of the European Union and four other European countries, as well as unilaterally by two others, and is consequently used daily by some 337 million Europeans . Outside of Europe, a number of overseas territories of EU members also use the euro as their currency.  - Acarnania is a region of west-central Greece that lies along the Ionian Sea, west of Aetolia, with the Achelous River for a boundary, and north of the gulf of Calydon, which is the entrance to the Gulf of Corinth. Today it forms the western part of the regional unit of Aetolia-Acarnania. The capital and principal city in ancient times was Stratos. The north side of Acarnania of the Corinthian Gulf was considered part of the region of Epirus.  - The Ionian Sea (, , ) is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea, south of the Adriatic Sea. It is bounded by southern Italy including Calabria, Sicily, and the Salento peninsula to the west, southern Albania to the north, and the west coast of Greece.  - Aetolia-Acarnania is one of the regional units of Greece. It is part of the geographic region of Central Greece and the administrative region of West Greece. A combination of the historical regions of Aetolia and Acarnania, it is the country's largest regional unit. Its capital is Missolonghi for historical reasons, with its biggest city and economic centre at Agrinio. The area is now connected with the Peloponnese peninsula via the Rio-Antirio Bridge. The surrounding regional units take in Arta in Epirus, a narrow length bordering Karditsa of Thessaly, Evrytania to the northeast, and Phocis to the east.  - Latin (Latin: ) is a classical language belonging to the Italic branch of the Indo-European languages. The Latin alphabet is derived from the Etruscan and Greek alphabets.  - Thessaloniki is the second-largest city in Greece and the capital of Greek Macedonia, the administrative region of Central Macedonia and the Decentralized Administration of Macedonia and Thrace. Its nickname is   ("Symprotévousa"), literally "the co-capital", a reference to its historical status as the  ("Symvasilévousa") or "co-reigning" city of the Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire, alongside Constantinople.  - Nafpaktia, Latinized Naupactia, is the historical name for the region around the port town of Nafpaktos (Naupactus) in Central Greece.  - Athens ("Athína" ) is the capital and largest city of Greece. Athens dominates the Attica region and is one of the world's oldest cities, with its recorded history spanning over 3,400 years, and its earliest human presence starting somewhere between the 11th and 7th millennia BC. Classical Athens was a powerful city-state that emerged in conjunction with the seagoing development of the port of Piraeus, which had been a distinct city prior to its 5th century BC incorporation with Athens. A centre for the arts, learning and philosophy, home of Plato's Academy and Aristotle's Lyceum, it is widely referred to as the cradle of Western civilization and the birthplace of democracy, largely because of its cultural and political impact on the European continent, and in particular the Romans. In modern times, Athens is a large cosmopolitan metropolis and central to economic, financial, industrial, maritime, political and cultural life in Greece. In 2015, Athens was ranked the world's 29th richest city by purchasing power and the 67th most expensive in a UBS study.  - Aetolia is a mountainous region of Greece on the north coast of the Gulf of Corinth, forming the eastern part of the modern regional unit of Aetolia-Acarnania.  - Epirus is a geographical and historical region in southeastern Europe, now shared between Greece and Albania. It lies between the Pindus Mountains and the Ionian Sea, stretching from the Bay of Vlorë and the Acroceraunian mountains in the north to the Ambracian Gulf and the ruined Roman city of Nicopolis in the south. It is currently divided between the region of Epirus in northwestern Greece and the counties of Gjirokastër, Vlorë, and Berat in southern Albania. The largest city in Epirus is Ioannina, seat of the region of Epirus, with Gjirokastër the largest city in the Albanian part of Epirus.  - Amfilochia is a town and a municipality in the northwestern part of Aetolia-Acarnania in Greece, on the site of ancient Amfilochia. Under the Ottoman Empire, it was known as Karvasaras (; from "caravanserai").  - Preveza is a town in the region of Epirus, northwestern Greece, located at the mouth of the Ambracian Gulf. It is the capital of the regional unit of Preveza, which is part of the region of Epirus. The Aktio-Preveza Immersed Tunnel, the first and so far only undersea tunnel in Greece, was completed in 2002 and connects Preveza to Aktio in western Acarnania in the region of Aetolia-Acarnania. The ruins of the ancient city of Nicopolis lie north of the city.  - Greece (' ), officially the Hellenic Republic (Greek: ' ), historically also known as Hellas ("" ), is a country in southeastern Europe.  Greece's population is approximately 10.955 million as of 2015. Athens is the nation's capital and largest city, followed by Thessaloniki.  - Sellades ( Greek :  ) is a village in the municipal unit of Kompoti in the regional unit of Arta , Greece . In 2001 its population was 687 for the town and 754 for the community ( including the village Alonia ) . Sellades is 1 km northwest of Kompoti and 10 km southeast of Arta . The Greek National Road 5/E951 ( Antirrio - Agrinio - Arta - Ioannina ) passes southwest of the village .  - The Ambracian Gulf, also known as the Gulf of Arta or the Gulf of Actium, and in some official documents as the Amvrakikos Gulf, is a gulf of the Ionian Sea in northwestern Greece. About long and wide, it is one of the largest enclosed gulfs in Greece. The towns of Preveza, Amphilochia (formerly Karvassaras), and Vonitsa lie on its shores.  - Greek National Road 5 (abbreviated as EO5) is a single carriageway road in western Greece. It connects Antirrio, at the north end of the Rio-Antirrio bridge, with Ioannina in northwestern Greece, passing through Agrinio and Arta. The southern part, between Amfilochia and Antirrio, is part of the European route E55. The northern part, between Ioannina and Amfilochia, forms the European route E951. It passes on the east side of the Ambracian Gulf. In the future much of the traffic that used this road will be diverted to the new A5 (Ionia Odos) motorway, which has already taken over parts of the road.  - Ioannina, often called Yannena within Greece, is the capital and largest city of Epirus, an administrative region in north-western Greece. Its populations is 112,486, according to 2011 census. It lies at an elevation of approximately above sea level, on the western shore of lake Pamvotis. It is the capital of Ioannina regional unit and the region of Epirus. Ioannina is located northwest of Athens, southwest of Thessaloniki and east of the port of Igoumenitsa in the Ionian Sea.  - Agrinio (Greek: , , Latin: "Agrinium") is the largest city of the Aetolia-Acarnania regional unit of Greece and its largest municipality, with 106,053 inhabitants. It is the economical center of Aetolia-Acarnania, although its capital is the town of Mesolonghi. The settlement dates back to ancient times. Ancient Agrinion was northeast of the present city; some walls and foundations of which have been excavated. In medieval times and until 1836, the city was known as Vrachori ().  - European route E 55 is a E-route. It passes through the following cities: Helsingborg  Helsingør  Copenhagen  Køge  Vordingborg  Nykøbing Falster  Gedser  Rostock  Berlin  Lübbenau  Dresden  Teplice  Prague  Tábor  Linz  Salzburg  Villach  Tarvisio  Udine  Palmanova  Venice  Ravenna  Cesena  Rimini  Fano  Ancona  Pescara  Canosa  Bari  Brindisi  Igoumenitsa  Preveza  Rhion  Patrai  Pyrgos  Kalamáta.  - Europe is a continent that comprises the westernmost part of Eurasia. Europe is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. To the east and southeast, Europe is generally considered as separated from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. Yet the non-oceanic borders of Europea concept dating back to classical antiquityare arbitrary. The primarily physiographic term "continent" as applied to Europe also incorporates cultural and political elements whose discontinuities are not always reflected by the continent's current overland boundaries.  - Kompoti is a village and a former municipality in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Nikolaos Skoufas, of which it is a municipal unit. The municipal unit has an area of 38.486 km. In 2011 its population was 1,544 for the town, 11650 for the community and 2,542 for the municipal unit. The Greek National Road 5/E55 connects Kompoti with Messolonghi to the south and Arta and Ioannina to the north. Kompoti is located north of Amfilochia and Agrinio, east-northeast of Preveza and southeast of Arta. The Ambracian Gulf is to the south. Kompoti became part of Greece in 1881.  - Igoumenitsa, is a coastal city in northwestern Greece. It is the capital of the regional unit of Thesprotia.  - A single carriageway (North American English undivided highway) is a road with one, two or more lanes arranged within a single carriageway (North American English: roadway) with no central reservation (North American English: median) to separate opposing flows of traffic.     After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'sellades' with the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'.  Choices: - acarnania  - albania  - ancona  - antirrio  - arta regional unit  - athens  - atlantic ocean  - attica region  - austria  - belgium  - berat  - calabria  - center  - central  - copenhagen  - cyprus  - decentralized administration of macedonia and thrace  - dresden  - estonia  - europe  - european union  - france  - greece  - gulf  - helsingborg  - ioannina  - ioannina regional unit  - italy  - linz  - malta  - missolonghi  - most  - netherlands  - nikolaos skoufas  - north  - northwest  - of  - ottoman empire  - peloponnese  - pescara  - piraeus  - preveza  - ravenna  - river  - road  - rostock  - salzburg  - sicily  - slovakia  - south  - thessaloniki  - thessaly  - venice  - vlorë  - west
A: