Please answer the following question: Information:  - Ricky Thomas Ponting, AO (born 19 December 1974), nicknamed Punter, is an Australian former cricketer who was captain of the Australia national cricket team during its 'golden era'; between 2004 and 2011 in Test cricket and 2002 and 2011 in One Day International cricket. He is a specialist right-handed batsman, slips and close catching fielder, as well as a very occasional bowler. Ponting holds the record of being the only cricketer in the history of Test cricket to be a part of 100 Test match wins. He was named "Cricketer of the decade 2000". He led Australia to victory at the 2003 and 2007 Cricket World Cups and was also a member of the 1999 World Cup winning team under Steve Waugh.  - Poker is a family of gambling card games, but is often considered a skill based game. All poker variants involve betting as an intrinsic part of play, and determine the winner of each hand according to the combinations of players' cards, at least some of which remain hidden until the end of the hand. Poker games vary in the number of cards dealt, the number of shared or "community" cards, the number of cards that remain hidden, and the betting procedures.  - Glenn Donald McGrath AM (born 9 February 1970) is a former Australian international cricketer and a commentator for Channel Nine's cricket coverage. He was a fast-medium pace bowler and is considered one of the greatest bowlers in cricketing history, and a leading contributor to Australia's domination of world cricket from the mid-1990s to the early 21st century.  - Shane Keith Warne (born 13 September 1969) is an Australian former international cricketer, widely regarded as one of the best bowlers in the history of the game. He was named one of the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in the 1994 Wisden Cricketers' Almanack. He was the Wisden Leading Cricketer in the World 1997 (Notional Winner). He was named Wisden Leading Cricketer in the World for the year 2004 in 2005 Wisden Cricketers' Almanack. In 2000, he was selected by a panel of cricket experts as one of the five "Wisden Cricketers of the Century", the only specialist bowler selected in the quintet and the only one still playing at the time. He is also a cricket commentator and a professional poker player. He officially retired from all formats in July 2013. Warne played his first Test match in 1992, and took over 1000 international wickets (in Tests and One-Day Internationals), second to this milestone after Sri Lanka's Muttiah Muralitharan. Warne's 708 Test wickets was the record for the most wickets taken by any bowler in Test cricket, until it was also broken by Muralitharan on 3 December 2007. A useful lower-order batsman, Warne also scored over 3000 Test runs, and he holds the record for most Test runs without a century. His career was plagued by scandals off the field; these included a ban from cricket for testing positive for a prohibited substance, charges of bringing the game into disrepute by accepting money from bookmakers, and sexual indiscretions. As well as the Australian National Cricket Team, he also played Australian domestic cricket for his home state of Victoria, and English domestic cricket for Hampshire. He was captain of Hampshire for three seasons, from 2005 to 2007. He retired from international cricket in January 2007, at the end of Australia's 50 Ashes series victory over England. Three other players integral to the Australian team at the time, Glenn McGrath, Damien Martyn and Justin Langer, also retired from Tests at the same time which led some, including the Australian captain, Ricky...  - Wisden Cricketers' Almanack (or simply Wisden or colloquially "the Bible of Cricket") is a cricket reference book published annually in the United Kingdom. It is considered the world's most famous sports reference book. The description "bible of cricket" was first used in the 1930s by Alec Waugh in a review for the "London Mercury". In October 2013, an all-time Test World XI was announced to mark the 150th anniversary of "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack".  - The "Wisden" Leading Cricketer in the World is an annual cricket award selected by "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack". It was established in 2004, to select the best cricketer based upon their performances anywhere in the world in the previous calendar year. A notional list of previous winners, spanning from 1900 to 2002, was published in the 2007 edition of "Wisden".  - The Chennai Super Kings (abbreviated as CSK) are a franchise cricket team based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, that played in the Indian Premier League (IPL). Founded in 2008, the team played its home matches at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai. On 14 July 2015, the Supreme Court appointed RM Lodha committee suspended the Super Kings from the IPL for a period of two years for the alleged involvement of their owners in the 2013 Indian Premier League betting case. Prior to the suspension, the team was captained by Mahendra Singh Dhoni and coached by Stephen Fleming.  - Justin Lee Langer (born 21 November 1970) is an Australian former cricketer who represented Australia in 105 Test matches, and is the current coach of Western Australia and the Perth Scorchers in Australian domestic cricket. A left-handed batsman, Langer is best known for his partnership with Matthew Hayden as Australia's opening batsmen during the early and mid-2000s, considered one of the most successful ever. Representing Western Australia domestically, Langer played English county cricket for Middlesex and Somerset, and holds the record for the most runs scored at level by an Australian.  - Deshabandu Muttiah Muralitharan (; also spelt Muralidaran; born 1972) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who was rated the greatest Test match bowler ever by "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" in 2002. He retired from Test cricket in 2010, registering his 800th and final wicket on 22 July 2010 from his final ball in his last Test match.<ref name="bbc-12/13/02"></ref> Muralitharan holds the world record for the most wickets in both test and one-day cricket.  - The Wisden Cricketers of the Century are five cricketers who were judged to be the most prominent players of the 20th century, as selected by a 100-member panel of cricket experts appointed by "Wisden Cricketers' Almanack" in 2000. The 97 men and three women ("the doyenne of English women's cricket, Netta Rheinberg, the Pakistani journalist Fareshteh Gati and the Barbadian commentator Donna Symmonds") on the panel were each given five votes with which to select the list. In order of votes, the five Wisden Cricketers of the Century are:  - Strike rate refers to two different statistics in the sport of cricket. Batting strike rate is a measure of how frequently a batsman achieves the primary goal of batting, namely scoring runs. Bowling strike rate is a measure of how frequently a bowler achieves the primary goal of bowling, namely taking wickets (i.e. getting batsmen out).  - Jaipur is the capital and largest city (in term of size) of the Indian state of Rajasthan in Northern India. It was founded on 18 November 1726 by Maharaja Jai Singh II, the ruler of Amer after whom the city is named. As of 2011, the city has a population of 3.1 million, making it the tenth most populous city in the country. Jaipur is also known as the "Pink City of India".  - Sri Lanka (or ; Sinhalese:   ', Tamil:  "Ilakai"), officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (formerly known as Ceylon), is an island country in South Asia near south-east India. Sri Lanka has maritime borders with India to the northwest and the Maldives to the southwest.  - Left-arm orthodox spin also known as Slow Left Arm Orthodox is a type of Left Arm Finger Leg spin bowling in the sport of cricket. Left-arm orthodox spin is bowled by a left-arm bowler using the fingers to spin the ball from right to left of the cricket pitch (from the bowler's perspective).  - Damien Richard Martyn (born 21 October 1971) is a former Australian cricketer. He played for the national team sporadically in 19921994 before becoming a regular ODI player in 19992000 and a regular Test player in 2001 until his retirement in late 2006. He was primarily a right-handed middle-order batsman with a 'classical' technique, known in particular for his elegant strokemaking square of the wicket on the off-side and through the covers. Martyn was also an occasional medium-pacer and distinguished fieldsman primarily in the covers who was capable of creating spectacular run-outs. He also very occasionally kept wicket at first-class level. He was named man of the series in the Border Gavaskar Trophy in 2004, to help Australia defeat India on the subcontinent for the first time in more than 30 years, and was named in early 2005 as the Australian Test player of the Year at the annual Allan Border Medal presentations.  - Leg spin is a type of spin bowling in the sport of cricket. A leg spinner bowls right-arm with a wrist spin action, causing the ball to spin from right to left in the cricket pitch, at the point of delivery. When the ball bounces, the spin causes the ball to deviate sharply from right to left, that is, away from the leg side of a right-handed batsman. The same kind of trajectory, which spins from right to left on pitching, when performed by a left-arm bowler is known as left-arm orthodox spin bowling.   - Stuart Charles Glyndwr MacGill ( born 25 February 1971 ) is a former right - arm leg spin bowler of the Australian cricket team , with a domestic career at Western Australia , New South Wales , Nottinghamshire , Devon and Somerset . He has been credited with having the best strike rate of any modern leg - spin bowler , but he did not have a regular place in the Australian Test team due to the dominance of Shane Warne in the position of sole spinner . His bowling was slightly slower through the air than Warne 's , but he was a prodigious turner of the ball . He was brought back in 2007 after the retirement of Warne , as spinner for the first Test against the Sri Lankan cricket team . He announced his retirement from international cricket during the second Test of Australia 's 2008 tour of the West Indies . Moving into commentary , MacGill co-hosted the 2009 Ashes series on SBS with Damien Martyn and Greg Matthews . MacGill was a radio co-host on the Triple M Sydney breakfast program `` The Grill Team '' , 2009 -- 2010 .  - First-class cricket is an official classification of the highest standard international or domestic matches in the sport of cricket. A first-class match is of three or more days' scheduled duration between two sides of eleven players each and is officially adjudged to be worthy of the status by virtue of the standard of the competing teams. Matches must allow for the teams to play two innings each although, in practice, a team might only play one innings or none at all.   - Spin bowling is a bowling technique in cricket and the bowler is referred to as a spinner.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'stuart macgill' with the relationship of 'occupation'.  Choices: - book  - bowler  - bowls  - cricketer  - game  - journalist  - maharaja  - member  - official  - prior  - ruler  - socialist  - united kingdom
A: