Write a summary based on this article:

At a business roundtable that Trump and Trudeau will attend with Canadian and American female executives in Washington Monday, the two countries will launch a joint task force called the United States Canada Council for the Advancement of Women Business Leaders-Female Entrepreneurs. 
  
 Trudeau took a big step to ease that acquaintance already. Trudeau’s aides reached out to Trump’s team and pitched an event that jibes with the prime minister’s emphasis on “women in the workplace” and Ivanka Trump’s commitment to advance women’s issues like child care and maternity leave in the workplace. 
  
 Well, there’s a new guy in town now and the Canadians are working to take his measure on Monday, adjust their agenda and come to terms with the political phenomenon known as Donald Trump. 
  
 There was pomp and ceremony on the front lawn, gracious toasts at a state dinner and Trudeau and the Canadian delegation basked in the welcome laid on by President Barack Obama last March. 
  
 “That’s another world. That world is not here right now so you have to deal with a different world,” said former diplomat Paul Frazer. 
  
 It is potentially a good sign for a visit that will look very different than the very warm reception Trudeau got from the Obamas in March. 
  
 A PMO official said Trudeau had similarly advocated for the advancement of women in the workplace, especially at the executive level in China, in New York and at home and “is looking forward to being able to do this now in the White House. It seemed like a natural fit given their commitments” in Trump’s platform as well. 
  
 Frazer says no other government has better prepared for the Trump administration than Canada , reaching out even before last November’s U.S. election to forge ties with his advisers in the possibility — though rare as it seemed back then — he might win. 
  
 But that doesn’t mean this new reality is necessarily bad for Canada, he said. 
  
 Justin Trudeau says when he meets with Donald Trump on Monday he expects to talk mostly about issues the U.S. and Canada "align on," but the prime minister says he won't avoid subjects he disagrees on with the U.S. president. 
  
 More recently, Trudeau shuffled his cabinet, dispatching foreign affairs minister Stéphane Dion to a diplomatic posting and installing Chrystia Freeland in his place, making retired army general Andrew Leslie a parliamentary secretary with special responsibility for cross-border ties and changing staff behind the scenes, all to put greater emphasis on Canada’s relations with the United States. 
  
 Freeland will join Trudeau on his Monday trip to Washington, along with Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, Transport Minister Marc Garneau and Finance Minister Bill Morneau. 
  
 “He’s done an enormous amount to get ready for this,” said Frazer, a former Canadian diplomat who now serves as a consultant in Washington. 
  
 All that has laid the groundwork for Trudeau’s Oval Office tête-à-tête with Trump. In the “bloody chaotic town” that is Washington right now, the Monday meeting offers a respite for the Trump team to latch onto something that “actually works,” Frazer said. 
  
 “Weeks into this rock and roll administration, I think the president is probably open to a little calm,” he said. 
  
 Frazer’s advice? Don’t walk in with a list of grievances or complaints about Trump’s policies, such as his controversial immigration moves, at least not for the first meeting. Lay out the argument that keeping the border open and avoiding protectionist measures will help the economy and help boost the financial fortunes of the middle class in both countries. 
  
 “Lay it out quickly. We don’t need long detailed policy memos here,” Frazer said. 
  
 “Here’s what we’ve got and it’s better than anything else in the world and how do we make it better. Let’s not do anything to screw it up,” he said. 
  
 “(Trump) responds well to facts, to a businesslike approach, kind of a roll-up-our-sleeves, ‘what is it you want, what is it I want,’ ” Frazer said. 
  
 Trudeau suggested Friday that’s the very angle he’ll be taking when he sits down with Trump. 
  
 “Relations between Canada and the United States are much deeper than just what is happening between a president and a prime minister. Obviously we’ll talk about jobs and growth for the middle class and we’ll find a lot of common ground,” the prime minister said during a visit to Yellowknife last week. 
  
 Both sides have been working on “deliverables” for the meeting, concrete commitments they can point to as evidence that the two leaders did more than just talk. 
  
 But for a first meeting, talk is important, too, especially as Trump’s early days in office have already left some world leaders unsettled, especially by his treatment of allies. The U.S. president drew fire for giving short shrift to Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull in a telephone call. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto scrapped his own White House visit in the continuing dispute over paying the cost of a wall along their shared border. 
  
 But Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, got a warm reception when he met with Trump Friday at the White House. Abe had met once before with Trump, travelling to his New York apartment for a pre-inauguration visit with the incoming president. Trump declared Friday that he has a “good chemistry” with the Japanese leader. 
  
 “I shook hands, but I grabbed him and hugged him because that’s the way we feel. We have a very, very good bond,” he said, adding, “I’ll let you know if it changes.” 
  
 During his joint news conference with Abe, Trump touched on themes that should encourage Canadians getting ready for their own meeting. He highlighted the importance of working together with Japan on “shared interests, of which we have many.” 
  
 “We face numerous challenges and bilateral co-operation is essential. Our country is committed to being an active and fully engaged partner,” Trump said. 
  
 “We’re going to have a tremendous relationship, long-term relationship of mutual benefit with Japan,” the president said. 
  
 That kind of language bolds well for Trudeau’s visit, who will be looking to tap similar sentiments with Trump and his cabinet team. 
  
 And as one of the first leaders in to see the U.S. president, others on the world stage will be looking to Trudeau for his impressions and advice — lessons he will be able to impart later in the week when he travels to Germany and France to meet with European politicians. 
  
 “What great timing for the Europeans to see him after he’s had his personal meeting with Trump and quietly give them a personal sense of what’s his takeaway,” Frazer said. ||||| FILE - In this Nov. 29, 2016 file photo, Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau holds a press conference at the National Press Theatre in Ottawa, Ontario. On Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, President Donald Trump... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Nov. 29, 2016 file photo, Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau holds a press conference at the National Press Theatre in Ottawa, Ontario. On Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, President Donald Trump will welcome Trudeau to the White House. (Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press via AP, File) (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Nov. 29, 2016 file photo, Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau holds a press conference at the National Press Theatre in Ottawa, Ontario. On Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, President Donald Trump will welcome Trudeau to the White House. (Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press via AP, File) (Associated Press) FILE - In this Nov. 29, 2016 file photo, Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau holds a press conference at the National Press Theatre in Ottawa, Ontario. On Monday, Feb. 13, 2017, President Donald Trump... (Associated Press) 
  
 OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and U.S. President Donald Trump will participate in a roundtable discussion about women in the work force Monday, an early sign of cooperation as Trudeau seeks to have good relations so Canada is not targeted in trade talks. 
  
 In his first face-to-face meeting with the new U.S president, Trudeau will also meet with Trump to talk about trade and participate in a working lunch. 
  
 A White House official and a senior Canadian government official said the two countries plan to launch a new task force called the United States Canada Council for the Advancement of Women Business Leaders-Female Entrepreneurs. The officials agreed to confirm the move only if they were not quoted by name because they were not authorized to make the information public. 
  
 Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter who has been an advocate for policies benefiting working women, was involved in recruiting participants and setting the agenda for the roundtable. Female executives from the United States and Canada are expected to participate. 
  
 Trudeau's close cooperation with Trump and the first daughter could ease some worries among Canadians that the U.S. president will enact protectionist measures that could hurt the Canadian economy. It could also alleviate some fears that Trump will be as combative with Trudeau as he has been with the leaders of Mexico and Australia. 
  
 The Canadian official said Trudeau's administration had suggested the task force, because the prime minister considers the issue of working women an important part of his agenda and economic growth plan. 
  
 "It's a smart thing if Canada proposed this," said Nelson Wiseman, a professor at the University of Toronto. "It takes attention off of NAFTA. And from Trump's point of view, it contributes to softening Trump's image, and he's got a problem with women." 
  
 Trudeau, 45, and Trump, 70, are polar opposites. Trudeau is a liberal who champions free trade and has welcomed 40,000 Syrian refugees. He calls himself a feminist and his Cabinet is 50 percent women. Trump has few women in his Cabinet. He has taken a protectionist stance on trade and wants to crack down on the inflow of migrants and refugees. 
  
 Trump's order to temporarily halt entry into the U.S. by people from seven predominantly Muslim nations, which is tied up in court, might come up during his bilateral meeting with Trudeau. But Trudeau is expected to focus on common economic interests. 
  
 Relations with the U.S. are crucial as more than 75 percent of Canada's exports go to the U.S., while 18 percent of U.S. exports go to Canada. There are fears among Canadians that they could be hurt as Trump targets Mexico in a re-negotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. 
  
 Roland Paris, a former senior foreign policy to Trudeau, said the prime minister needs to build a relationship with Trump to ensure Canada is not. 
  
 "The overriding priority will be for Canada to maintain secure and reliable access to the U.S. market and the supply chains that crisscross the border," Paris said. 
  
 Trudeau, whose father was the late Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, has been preparing for the Trump meeting for months. He will also meet with legislative leaders on Capitol Hill. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writer Catherine Lucey in Washington contributed to this report. |||||