Article:
Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images Congress Arizona Sen. Jon Kyl to resign, prompting new appointment to McCain seat GOP Sen. Jon Kyl was appointed earlier this year to replace late Sen. John McCain. 
  
 Sen. Jon Kyl (R-Ariz.) will resign at the end of this year, forcing Republican Gov. Doug Ducey to appoint a new replacement to the late Sen. John McCain's seat ahead of a 2020 special election to fill the last two years of McCain's term. 
  
 Kyl sent Ducey a letter Wednesday announcing his resignation effective at the end of this month. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 "When I accepted your appointment, I agreed to complete the work of the 115th Congress and then reevaluate continuing to serve," Kyl wrote. "I have concluded that it would be best if I resign so that your new appointee can begin the new term with all other Senators in January 2018 and can serve a full two (potentially four) years." 
  
 Ducey's office said in a statement that the governor will appoint another replacement in the near future. Prospects include GOP Rep. Martha McSally, who lost a campaign for Arizona's other Senate seat earlier this year; Kirk Adams, Ducey's former chief of staff and a former speaker of the Arizona House; and Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery. 
  
 "Senator Kyl didn't need to return to the Senate. His legacy as one of Arizona's most influential and important political figures was already without question," Ducey said. "But he did return and I remain deeply grateful for his willingness to step up and serve again when Arizona needed him." 
  
 The new appointed senator must be a Republican, according to state law, because McCain won the term as a Republican in 2016. But beyond that, the Arizona GOP is divided over the best choice for the appointment. 
  
 While McSally brings experience, connections and name identification from her recent statewide campaign, she also became the first Republican to lose a Senate race in the state in three decades when Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema defeated her by 2.4 percentage points. Some Arizona Republicans have questioned the McSally campaign's decision-making and how far behind Ducey she ran as the governor coasted to reelection, casting doubts on whether she would be the best choice for an appointment. 
  
 Adams, who led the state House and narrowly lost a Republican primary for Congress before joining Ducey's office, has strong connections with the donor community in Arizona. But he has never run a statewide campaign. And Montgomery, who has been Maricopa County attorney since 2010, has no federal or statewide campaign experience. 
  
 But Montgomery has been elected multiple times in Maricopa County, where he turned aside a well-funded challenger in 2016 even as Republican Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio lost his reelection race. Though Maricopa — Arizona's largest county and home to Phoenix — is a traditional Republican stronghold, Sinema defeated McSally by more than 4 percentage points there, a significant factor in her victory. 
  
 Dan Eberhart, a Phoenix-based Republican donor, said there is "momentum" in the donor community for an "anybody but McSally" appointment to the seat. 
  
 "Donors are quietly whispering in Gov. Ducey's ear that Martha McSally had her chance and came up a little short," Eberhart said. 
  
 Barrett Marson, a veteran Republican strategist who ran a pro-McSally super PAC during the Senate race, said he expected the choice would come down to Adams or McSally. 
  
 "Each has incredible upsides and each frankly have some downsides," Marson said, pointing to McSally's recent loss and Adams' lack of statewide experience. He said the appointment would likely be decided based on who would have the best chance to hold the seat in the 2020 special election, when Democrats are expected to make a strong challenge, and again in 2022 when the seat is up for a full term. 
  
 "You need to give a person a good head start," Marson said. 
  
 This article tagged under: Congress ||||| Sen. Jon Kyl (R-Ariz.) will resign from the Senate on Dec. 31, leaving Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey (R) to fill the late Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainTrump will likely win reelection in 2020 Kevin McLaughlin tapped to serve as NRSC executive director for 2020 Kasich on death of 7-year-old in Border Patrol custody: 'Shame on Congress' MORE's (R) seat for a second time. 
  
 Ducey’s office announced Friday that Kyl’s resignation letter was hand-delivered to his office on Thursday afternoon. His office said that he’ll make an announcement about appointing Kyl’s replacement “in the near future.” 
  
 Kyl, who initially served in the Senate from 1995 to 2013, was appointed in September to fill McCain’s seat after he passed away from brain cancer in August. Before his return to the Senate, Kyl worked as lobbyist for the Washington-based firm Covington & Burling. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 “Senator Kyl didn’t need to return to the Senate. His legacy as one of Arizona’s most influential and important political figures was already without question,” Ducey said in a Friday statement. 
  
 “But he did return, and I remain deeply grateful for his willingness to step up and serve again when Arizona needed him. I wish him and his family all the best.” 
  
 When joining the Senate this fall, Kyl had hinted that he planned to only serve in the Senate until year’s end. 
  
 Prior to Kyl’s announced departure on Friday, speculation was already swirling about whom Ducey would tap to replace him. 
  
 Ducey has remained mum on that decision, but outgoing Rep. Martha McSally Martha Elizabeth McSallyArizona governor eyes several possible Kyl replacements The Hill's 12:30 Report – Cohen says Trump knew payments were wrong | GOP in turmoil over Trump shutdown threat | Kyl to resign from Senate at year's end Jon Kyl to resign from Senate on Dec. 31 MORE (R-Ariz.), who narrowly lost a heated Senate race in November, is considered a top prospect. 
  
 Another potential name is Kirk Adams, Ducey’s chief of staff who recently departed the governor’s office. 
  
 There will be a special election in November 2020 to serve out the remaining two years of McCain’s term. ||||| CLOSE Sen. Jon Kyl talks about disagreeing with President Donald Trump and the absence of the late Sen. John McCain on Oct. 31, 2018. Arizona Republic 
  
 Sen. Jon Kyl, R-Ariz., waits to be sworn-in by Vice President Mike Pence at the Old Senate Chamber on Capitol Hill, in Washington, on Sept. 5, 2018. (Photo: Cliff Owen/AP) 
  
 U.S. Sen. Jon Kyl will resign from the U.S. Senate on Dec. 31, The Arizona Republic has confirmed, setting up a second appointment by Gov. Doug Ducey to the seat once occupied by the late John McCain. 
  
 Ducey is required under law to name another Republican to the seat. A replacement to the Senate seat "will be announced in the near future," according to the Governor's Office. 
  
 Kyl wrote a letter dated Dec. 12 to Ducey, informing him of his resignation. The letter was hand-delivered to the Governor's Office late Thursday afternoon. 
  
 "Thank you for appointing me to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy created by John McCain's death," Kyl wrote. "It has been an honor and a privilege to again serve the people of Arizona. 
  
 "When I accepted your appointment, I agreed to complete the work of the 115th Congress and then reevaluate continuing to serve. I have concluded that it would be best if I resign so that your new appointee can begin the new term with all other Senators in January 2019 and can serve a full two (potentially four) years. Therefore, I will resign from the U.S. Senate effective 11:59 p.m. EST December 31, 2018." 
  
 Kyl succeeded McCain to the seat in September, after McCain's Aug. 25 death, with the understanding that he would serve at least until the end of the year and possibly until 2020, when the seat was on the ballot again. It became clear in recent weeks, as Kyl was hesitant to discuss his future in the Senate, that he would be leaving. 
  
 Kyl, who served alongside McCain during his 18 years in the U.S. Senate, retired from the chamber in 2013 after rising to become the second-highest-ranking Republican senator. 
  
 MORE: Who will replace Jon Kyl? Some Arizona politicians to consider 
  
 In a statement, Ducey praised Kyl's second stint on Capitol Hill, saying he served with "integrity and statesmanship" as the nation faced important issues. 
  
 “Senator Kyl didn’t need to return to the Senate," Ducey said in a statement. "His legacy as one of Arizona’s most influential and important political figures was already without question. But he did return, and I remain deeply grateful for his willingness to step up and serve again when Arizona needed him. I wish him and his family all the best." 
  
 It is unclear if Kyl intends to return to joined the high-powered Washington, D.C., law firm Covington & Burling. As senior adviser, he helped clients on issues including taxes, health care, defense, national security and intellectual property. 
  
 The governor and his aides have been tight-lipped about who may be under consideration to replace Kyl. 
  
 Former U.S. Sen. Jon Kyl speaks after Gov. Doug Ducey announces his appointment to the late Sen. John McCain's Senate seat during a press conference at the state Capitol in Phoenix on Sept. 4, 2018. (Photo: Nick Oza/The Republic) 
  
 There is intense interest from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky, for Ducey to appoint outgoing Rep. Martha McSally, the Republican who lost to Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema for Arizona's other U.S. Senate seat. Sinema will be sworn into office Jan. 3. 
  
 Republican donors spent millions of dollars McSally's election effort and likely want to see that investment pay dividends. Ducey and McSally met recently, but it is unclear if there was discussion about a Senate appointment. 
  
 Other names have been mentioned as well, including Ducey's former chief-of-staff, Kirk Adams, and state Treasurer Eileen Klein. 
  
 Ducey will have to weigh pressure from power players in the White House and on Capitol Hill against advice by friends, staffers and other voices in Arizona. 
  
 It is not known if Ducey has discussed his next appointment to the seat with McCain's widow, Cindy McCain. 
  
 Martha McSally met with Cindy McCain Friday afternoon at her north Phoenix home, according to Republicans familiar with the conversation. 
  
 In the meeting, McSally apologized for not mentioning the senator’s name during President Donald Trump's signing of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 2019. McSally did not use McCain's name in discussing the act when it was signed in August. 
  
 Cindy McCain expressed her appreciation for the apology and conveyed the importance of her late husband’s legacy and his service to Arizona, they said. 
  
 The two women did not speak directly about the Senate appointment, the Republicans said. 
  
 The meeting lasted about 30 minutes. 
  
 Follow the reporter on Twitter and Facebook. Contact her at yvonne.wingett@arizonarepublic.com. 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/arizona/2018/12/14/jon-kyl-resign-senate-seat-arizona-john-mccain/2309788002/ |||||Summary: