Rhode Island officials said they are "leaving no stone unturned" as they try to unravel the mystery behind a beach explosion that injured a woman over the weekend. 
  
 However, there was no new information that would cause officials to deem the beach unsafe, according to Janet Coit, director of the Rhode Island department of environmental management, ABC's Rhode Island affiliate WLNE reported after a Tuesday press conference. 
  
 Officials are investigating cables below that sand that were disabled, or "de-energized," in 2007, Coit said today. 
  
 Larry Mouradjian, associate director for natural resources, said officials were taking the matter "very seriously," and they are concerned that they still don't know the cause. 
  
 The explosion on Saturday at the Salty Brine State Beach in Narragansett, Rhode Island, injured Kathleen Danise, 60, when she was launched onto nearby rocks. She suffered a concussion and broken ribs and was briefly hospitalized. 
  
 On Tuesday, an abandoned cable that is the property of the U.S. Coast Guard was identified a few feet below the sand while some of the beach was closed to the public, WLNE-TV reported. 
  
 Jack Chartier, Rhode Island fire marshal, said there was no evidence of explosives, but investigators are "leaving no stone unturned," WLNE reported, adding that the cable removal was nearly complete. Lieutenant Colonel Todd Catlow of the Rhode Island State Police said investigators were not ruling out the possibility of an energized cable, WLNE reported. 
  
 “She was like a human cannon,” Danise’s sister, Laura Demartino, told ABC affiliate WTNH in New Haven, Connecticut. 
  
 While several beach-goers said they smelled gas after the explosion, a spokesman for National Grid, which manages gas and electric service in the area, said there are no gas lines along the beach. The closest gas service to the point where Danise was injured is about 200 yards away, the spokesman told ABC News, adding that a power cable had been found under the beach but the company is certain it isn't theirs. ||||| By News Staff 
  
 Reporting by Ana Bottary 
  
 abottary@abc6.com 
  
 UPDATE: Two abandoned Coast Guard cables were pulled from the sand as crews continued to dig up the area Tuesday. More details are expected at an afternoon news conference. 
  
 A new discovery was made Monday as crews investigated the Narragansett beach where an explosion occurred Saturday, injuring a woman from Connecticut. 
  
 Investigators, coordinating with National Grid, spent the day inspecting an underground cable located near the site of the blast, just a few feet under the surface of the sand at Salty Brine State Beach. 
  
 Crews are trying to determine whether or not it had anything to do with the explosion that sent 60-year-old Kathleen Danise to the hospital with an injured shoulder. 
  
 The bomb squad and multiple other authorities combed the area Saturday and ruled out that it was not an explosive device that caused the blast, and there is no evidence of a malicious attack. 
  
 Many who are familiar with the beach are shocked at Monday’s the findings. 
  
 "It's very surprising.” Courtney McCourt was working Saturday, the day of the explosion, saying she’s worked right across from the beach for more than 20 years and has no knowledge of the underground cable. 
  
 "I didn't know it was there… That's kind of disturbing, I guess," she said. 
  
 The State Fire Marshal’s Office continues to lead the investigation, though National Grid was on scene to inspect the cable determining that it is not their property. 
  
 Monday evening, they marked off how far the wire extends underground and found that the cable extends off the beach and into the parking lot. 
  
 The beach has remained open during the investigation, which not all agreed with. 
  
 "I think the beach should be closed if they have no idea what's going on. Why are they even letting people on the beach? They shouldn't be,” said beach-goer, Pauline Dagesse, of Narragansett. 
  
 National Grid and the State Fire Marshal’s Office will continue to look into the source of the cable, and if it has anything to do with Saturday’s explosion. 
  
 © WLNE-TV 2015 ||||| PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- A loud boom that knocked a Rhode Island beachgoer out of her chair is still a mystery days later, and with no evidence of an explosive device and few clues in the sand, investigators and scientists are wondering whether this was a bizarre case of nature acting up. 
  
 Among the theories that have been floated: some kind of seismic event, or a methane explosion caused by decayed seaweed or other organic matter under the sand. 
  
 "I must confess to not understanding this particular unexplained event," said Stephen Porder, associate professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at Brown University. "Everything at this point is entirely speculation." 
  
 The blast Saturday at Salty Brine beach in Narragansett was so strong that Kathleen Danise was hurled from her beach chair near the water line and thrown against a rock jetty 10 feet away. Danise, 60, of Waterbury, Connecticut, suffered two fractured ribs and bruises, her family said. 
  
 CBS affiliate WPRI 
  
 Danise's family says she has vacationed at Salty Brine Beach in Narragansett, Rhode Island, for 30 years, and had experienced no problems there until Saturday. According to Danise's sister, Laura Demartino, another sister who was present at the time of the blast was also injured. 
  
 "There was a massive bang and I seen the actual rocks shift and move," Demartino told CBS Affiliate WPRI Sunday. "And I started screaming, 'Get up, get up!' The same time I'm screaming, the sand erupted, threw my sister from there, like a live canon, face-down, unconscious 10 feet away." 
  
 Witnesses that morning said they heard a rumbling and loud bang that sounded like a large firecracker, a grenade or a gas explosion, and noticed a sulfur or butane smell. 
  
 The blast left behind a rift in the sand and little else. 
  
 Crews dug up a thick electrical cable Tuesday at the site of the unexplained explosion, CBS affiliate WPRI reports. 
  
 Some of the beach was closed down Tuesday, but most of it remained open with plenty of people taking advantage. 
  
 WPRI reports that several agencies were working together to dig up the cable. It was buried a couple feet deep and required an excavator to dig. The Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management told WPRI that both the Coast Guard and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers were inspecting that cable and the jetty itself. On Monday, National Grid had said the cable wasn't theirs. 
  
 Crews ended up cutting the cable into pieces Tuesday and carrying it away. 
  
 State Police Col. Steven G. O'Donnell said there was no physical evidence of an explosion, such as charring or debris. Dogs and chemical swipes detected no explosive residue. Officials also determined there was no natural gas line running underneath. 
  
 O'Donnell said investigators were looking into the possibility of a shift in the rocks or a seismic event, but environmental officials said late Monday that a seismologist with the University of Connecticut told them there were no seismic events that registered in Rhode Island on Saturday. 
  
 Porder, the ecology professor, and University of Rhode Island oceanography professor John King said the blast could have been caused by a buildup of methane underground. King said it's possible decaying seaweed generated the gas. 
  
 "If you were to put a cigarette out in the sand, that might actually set it off," King said. 
  
 Rob Thieler, a marine and coastal geologist with the U.S. Geological Survey, had another theory about a possible source of methane: estuary sediments, which sometimes cause explosions when they decay. He said scientists have seen evidence of this phenomenon off the coast of Maine. 
  
 "The sea-floor surface looks like a golf ball, and these are presumably places where underlying methane produced by estuary sediment has violently escaped," Thieler said. 
  
 This type of explosion could happen spontaneously, he said, though having it happen on a sandy beach is rare. 
  
 Porder said methane might have built up from organic matter trapped underground when the jetty was constructed. 
  
 "You can definitely get an explosion. How you would have that sequence of events on that particular beach on that particular day, I don't know," Porder said. 
  
 @BrianL423 
  
 All the scientists said they had heard of methane explosions happening in nature. But Porder pointed out that it is typically places like swamps or areas in the arctic that produce high levels of methane. 
  
 "I've never heard of a methane explosion on the beach," he said. 
  
 O'Donnell said investigators are looking at all possible causes, including the rotted-seaweed theory. "Everything's on the table," he said. 
  
 Janet Coit, director of the state body that owns the beach, told WPRO-AM on Monday that the agency is talking to U.S. Geological Survey and the engineers who constructed the jetty in the search for an explanation. The jetty is owned by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, which planned to visit the site Tuesday, Maguire said. 
  
 Coit said she had heard theories about methane or a pocket of air trapped underground. 
  
 "At this point, that's just speculation," she said. ||||| WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH)– With her family by her side, 60-year-old Kathleen Danise returned to her Waterbury home after a getaway she’ll surely never forget, that is, what she can remember of it… 
  
 “The last thing I remember was reading my book,” said Danise. “We watched a gentlemen get ready to go scuba diving, he was putting on his scuba diving gear and that’s the last thing I remember.” 
  
 Related: Mysterious blast at Rhode Island beach knocks over woman 
  
 Saturday morning Danise was relaxing on the Salty Brine State Beach in Narragansett, Rhode Island with her two sisters and niece when out of nowhere an explosion sent her into the air. 
  
 “She was like a human cannon,” said Danise’s sister, Laura Demartino. “(She) smacked on her torso. It was very dramatic, she was unconscious for three minutes, we’ve had a very long rough two days.” 
  
 Photos: Explosion reported, woman injured at R.I. beach 
  
 Officials have not said what caused the explosion but have indicated there is no evidence of a devise of malicious intent. 
  
 “We really don’t feel like they did a good inspection,” said Demartino. “Our concern is for the safety that until we know what happened and why it happened.” 
  
 Danise suffered a long list of injuries which includes a concussion, two fractured ribs, and internal bleeding. The bleeding has stopped but she says she has no plans of going back for another visit any time soon. 
  
 Danise may not being going back to Salty Brine State Beach, however, she adds she has every intention of recovering. 
  
 “Just hopefully get better as soon as possible and get back to work,” said Danise. 
  
 Officials with the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management say their investigation is complete and that there is no reason to believe there are currently any public safety concerns related to the incident. |||||

Write a summary.