Given the question: Information:  - A video game developer is a software developer that specializes in video game development  the process and related disciplines of creating video games. A game developer can range from one person who undertakes all tasks to a large business with employee responsibilities split between individual disciplines, such as programming, design, art, testing, etc. Most game development companies have video game publisher financial and usually marketing support. Self-funded developers are known as independent or indie developers and usually make indie games.  - Nürburg is a town in the German district of Ahrweiler, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is also the name of the local castle, Nürburg Castle, which was built in the High Middle Ages. The name is derived from the Latin word "niger" which means 'black' (cf. French "noir" meaning the same), and burg which means "castle". The castle is made of basalt which usually has black color. The town is best known for its famous 24 kilometer race track, the Nürburgring. Five kilometers of the track are used for a Formula One grand prix.  - THQ was an American video game developer and publisher. Founded in 1989, the company developed products for home video game consoles and handhelds, personal computers and mobile devices. Its name derived from "Toy Headquarters" during its time as a toy manufacturer in the early 1990s. THQ had offices in North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region.  - A toy is an item that is generally used for children's play. Playing with toys is supposed to be an enjoyable means of training young children for life in society. Different materials like wood, clay, paper, and plastic are used to make toys. Many items are designed to serve as toys, but goods produced for other purposes can also be used. For instance, a small child may fold an ordinary piece of paper into an airplane shape and "fly it."  Newer forms of toys include interactive digital entertainment. Some toys are produced primarily as collector's items and are intended for display only.   - Formula One (also Formula 1 or F1 and officially the FIA Formula One World Championship) is the highest class of single-seat auto racing that is sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The FIA Formula One World Championship has been the premier form of racing since the inaugural season in 1950, although other Formula One races were regularly held until 1983. The "formula", designated in the name, refers to a set of rules, to which all participants' cars must conform. The F1 season consists of a series of races, known as "Grands Prix" (from French, meaning grand prizes), held worldwide on purpose-built F1 circuits and public roads.  - A mobile phone is a portable telephone that can make and receive calls over a radio frequency link while the user is moving within a telephone service area. The radio frequency link establishes a connection to the switching systems of a mobile phone operator, which provides access to the public switched telephone network (PSTN). Most modern mobile telephone services use a cellular network architecture, and therefore mobile telephones are often also called "cellular telephones" or "cell phones". In addition to telephony, 2000s-era mobile phones support a variety of other services, such as text messaging, MMS, email, Internet access, short-range wireless communications (infrared, Bluetooth), business applications, gaming, and digital photography. Mobile phones which offer these and more general computing capabilities are referred to as smartphones.  - Microsoft Windows (or simply Windows) is a metafamily of graphical operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft. It consists of several families of operating systems, each of which cater to a certain sector of the computing industry with the OS typically associated with IBM PC compatible architecture. Active Windows families include Windows NT, Windows Embedded and Windows Phone; these may encompass subfamilies, e.g. Windows Embedded Compact (Windows CE) or Windows Server. Defunct Windows families include Windows 9x; Windows 10 Mobile is an active product, unrelated to the defunct family Windows Mobile.  - Formula One 2002 is the second Sony Computer Entertainment ( SCEE ) Formula One video game , released in late 2002 . The game was based on the actual early 2002 season . The game includes the new Hockenheim circuit , revised Nürburgring track , the Renault and Toyota teams . The graphics are similar to THQ 's MotoGP 2 . It was originally planned to be released in mid- 2002 , but was delayed to November due to avoid clashing with the release of EA Sports F1 2002 in June . This game made the in - game debut of James Allen who had taken over the commentary duties from Murray Walker on the ITV coverage . Walker was also featured , doing commentary in the arcade mode . This was Walker 's last Formula 1 game appearance , until he performed introductory voice - over on the `` F1 Classics '' mode in Codemasters ' F1 2013 . First issues of this game came with a DVD of the 2001 season that was not commercially released which featured multi-angles and footage from the defunct F1 Digital , a pay - per - view service which allowed the purchaser access to multiple camera shots , sessions and a choice to follow cars as the sessions progressed . The main menu music featured the song `` Psynn 2 '' by Shawn Hargreaves . This was the first ever Formula One game featuring the Launch Control despite the system being introduced prior to 2001 Spanish Grand Prix .  - Rhineland-Palatinate (German: "Rheinland-Pfalz") is one of the 16 states (German: "Länder", lit. "countries" however better translated as "state") of the Federal Republic of Germany. It has an area of and about four million inhabitants. Its state capital is Mainz. Rhineland-Palatinate is located in western Germany and borders Belgium, Luxembourg and France, and the German states of North Rhine-Westphalia, Hesse, Baden-Württemberg and Saarland.  - The Eifel is a low mountain range in western Germany and eastern Belgium. It occupies parts of southwestern North Rhine-Westphalia, northwestern Rhineland-Palatinate and the south of the German-speaking Community of Belgium.  - Sir John Young "Jackie" Stewart, (born 11 June 1939) is a British former Formula One racing driver from Scotland. Nicknamed the "Flying Scot", he competed in Formula One between 1965 and 1973, winning three World Drivers' Championships, and twice runner-up, over those nine seasons. He also competed in Can-Am. In 2009 he was ranked fifth of the fifty greatest Formula One drivers of all time by journalist Kevin Eason who wrote: "He has not only emerged as a great driver, but one of the greatest figures of motor racing."  - Nürburgring is a 150,000-capacity motorsports complex located in the town of Nürburg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It features a Grand Prix race track built in 1984, and a much longer old "North loop" track which was built in the 1920s around the village and medieval castle of Nürburg in the Eifel mountains. The north loop is long and has more than 300 metres (1,000 feet) of elevation change from its lowest to highest points. Jackie Stewart nicknamed the old track "The Green Hell".  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - Massimiliano "Max" Biaggi (born 26 June 1971 in Rome, Italy) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racing World Champion and winner of the 2010 and 2012 World Superbike Championship. Throughout his racing career, he has won the 250cc World Championship four consecutive times, and finished as runner-up in both the 500cc and MotoGP championships. In 2007 he switched to the World Superbike Championship, finishing third overall as a rookie and earned his first Superbike World Championship in 2010 becoming only the 2nd European from outside of the United Kingdom after Raymond Roche to do so. Biaggi announced his retirement from racing on 7 November 2012.  - The Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA, English: International Automobile Federation) is an association established as the "Association Internationale des Automobile Clubs Reconnus" (AIACR, English: 'International Association of Recognized Automobile Clubs') on 20 June 1904 to represent the interests of motoring organisations and motor car users. To the general public, the FIA is mostly known as the governing body for many auto racing events. The FIA also promotes road safety around the world.  - Asia-Pacific or Asia Pacific (abbreviated as APAC, Asia-Pac, AsPac, APJ, JAPA or JAPAC) is the part of the world in or near the Western Pacific Ocean. The region varies in size depending on which context, but it typically includes much of East Asia, South Asia, Southeast Asia, and Oceania.  - The FIM Road Racing World Championship Grand Prix is the premier class of motorcycle road racing, held since 1949.  - Auto racing (also known as car racing, motor racing or automobile racing) is a sport involving the racing of automobiles for competition.   - MotoGP 2 (also known as MotoGP: Ultimate Racing Technology 2 in Europe) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racing video game developed by Climax Brighton for the Xbox, Microsoft Windows, and Mobile phones. It was the second title in THQ's MotoGP series and based the 2002 MotoGP season. Players could take part in a single race on three choosable circuits Suzuka, Phakisa, Jerez or participate in a full season, eventually unlocking more circuits to be raced on. Players could ride as most of the MotoGP riders from 2002, except for a couple of riders including Valentino Rossi, Max Biaggi and a few other riders. They are unlocked by achieving a specific number of points in Stunt Mode . Stunt mode is when the player races a one lap race performing different stunts as wheelies, burnouts and powerslides for points. Points are also rewarded when overtaking another rider, driving clean sections, or ramming other riders so they crash. However, recently gained points are lost if the player drives outside the track or crashes. Also if the player fails to reach goal within the timelimit, all rewarded points are lost. The menu theme music is Psynn 2 by Shawn Hargreaves, who created a new version of Psynn, version used in MotoGP.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'formula one 2002 ' exhibits the relationship of 'genre'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - automobile  - child  - design  - entertainment  - family  - formula one  - formula one racing  - music  - photography  - racing  - racing video game  - radio  - society  - sport  - toy  - variety  - video  - western
The answer is: