News article:

The parents of a former Seneca Valley High School student claim in a federal lawsuit filed this week that their teenage son was terrorized by false accusations made by five "Mean Girls" at the school. 
  
 Michael J. and Alecia Flood of Zelienople, Butler County, the parents of a teenage boy identified in the lawsuit as T.F., seek unspecified civil damages against the girls' parents, the school district and Butler County District Attorney Richard Goldinger's office. The lawsuit alleges that the girls "conspired in person and via electronic communication devices to falsely accuse T.F. of sexual assault on two occasions." 
  
 Neither Goldinger nor Seneca Valley school officials returned calls seeking comment. 
  
 The 26-page lawsuit -- filed in Pittsburgh on the eve of Mean Girls Day -- alleges that T.F. "was forced to endure multiple court appearances, detention in a juvenile facility, detention at home, the loss of his liberty and other damages until several of the girls reluctantly admitted that their accusations were false" this summer. 
  
 The lawsuit contends that T.F. was bullied on multiple occasions by classmates. In one example, the lawsuit said students last year placed masking tape with the word "PREDATOR" written on it on his back without his knowledge during choir practice. 
  
 The lawsuit alleges that the boy was further damaged by "gender bias" by school officials and Goldinger's office, which even after learning the girls' accusations were false "did not take any action against the females involved," said attorney Craig Fishman of Pittsburgh, who represents the Floods. 
  
 "(T.F.) was basically being tortured in school by the other students and investigators, but the administration was only focused on protecting the girls who were lying," Fishman said. "Once the allegations were proven false, they really didn't care one bit about T.F. and there has been absolutely no repercussions against the girls." 
  
 The teen boy is being home-schooled, Fishman said. 
  
 According to the lawsuit, the first allegation occurred in July 2017 at an area swimming pool where T.F. worked as a lifeguard with then Seneca Valley High School graduate Megan Villegas, who is the only teenage defendant named in the lawsuit. The others are minor and are referred to only by initials, Fishman said. 
  
 Villegas could not be reached for comment. 
  
 The lawsuit contends that T.F. was charged with sexually assaulting a girl identified in the lawsuit at K.S. on the pool premises, and Villegas corroborated K.S. claim by saying she was present during the alleged assault. 
  
 "T.F. was fired at the pool," Fishman said. 
  
 In tape-recorded interview with school officials in 2017, the lawsuit alleges that K.S. said she made the sexual assault claim against T.F. because "I just don't like him." 
  
 "I just don't like to hear him talk ... I don't like to look at him," K.S. reportedly disclosed in the recorded interview obtained by Fishman. 
  
 On Oct. 2, 2017, K.S. told fellow students "that she would do anything to get T.F. expelled ... and accused T.F. of sexual assault" with school officials, the lawsuit states. T.F. was subsequently charged in juvenile court with indecent assault and two counts of harassment. 
  
 The Floods eventually agreed in late 2017 to a consent decree where he would not admit guilt, but was required to stay out of trouble for six months and report to the county probation department. 
  
 In March, another girl -- identified as C.S. and a friend of K.S. -- reported to a school counselor that the boy had walked into her home uninvited and sexually assaulted her. The allegations were supported by information from two other girls, identified as E.S. and H.R., according to the lawsuit. 
  
 On April 9, Zelienople police charged T.F. with indecent assault, criminal trespass and simple assault. 
  
 "On April 10, T.F. was removed from class at Seneca Valley High School and placed in leg and wrist shackles by the Jackson Township Police with the assistance of Juvenile Probation Officer Michael Trego," the lawsuit said. 
  
 Trego testified at a hearing that T.F. was a threat to the community and the teenager had to spend nine days in a juvenile detention center before being released on home-electronic monitoring. 
  
 "After 28 days, T.F. was only allowed out of his home to mow his lawn," the lawsuit contends. 
  
 During the case, T.F. was told by school officials he could not play baseball "because every time he was wearing a Seneca Valley jersey, he was representing a school." 
  
 According to the lawsuit, the criminal complaints against the boy began unravelling in May when three of the witnesses admitted they lied. 
  
 On Aug. 30, Goldinger's office sought an order dismissing all charges against T.F. filed for the March allegation due to the false reports, according to court documents. On Sept. 10, the charges in connection with swimming pool incident in 2017 also were ordered closed, according to the lawsuit. 
  
 "The Butler County District Attorney's office promised to file a petition to expunge the record of T.F. in September, but has not yet done so, providing further evidence of gender-based discrimination. The (district attorney) has refused to file criminal charges against K.S., Villegas, C.S., E.S. and H.R. due to gender-based discrimination," the lawsuit states. 
  
 The lawsuit also claims school officials have repeatedly refused to mark the academic records of the girls who lied about the assaults. 
  
 "T.F. has had psychological trauma because of all this. He's had to see a psychologist to deal with the physical symptoms which are the direct result of being accused of something when when he did not do anything wrong," Fishman said. ||||| Sign up for one of our email newsletters. 
  
 The Seneca Valley student section wore blue Friday to honor seniors on the football field, in the band and on the cheerleading squad. 
  
 But some students at NexTier Stadium in Harmony for the game against Hempfield Area High School also used the night to publicly show support for a former classmate who, according to a lawsuit filed by his parents, was wrongly accused of sexual assault. 
  
 Referred to only as “T.F.” in court documents, the former Seneca Valley High School student was accused of assaulting two female classmates last year. Now, Michael J. and Alecia Flood of Zelienople, Butler County, have filed a federal lawsuit alleging that their son was terrorized by five “mean girls” — a phrase used in the lawsuit — who made those accusations. 
  
 Several student fans wrote or taped phrases such as “We Stand 4 Flood” on the back of their shirts. Similar phrases were also used on Twitter to show support. 
  
 “We wanted to get behind them and show that we support them,” Zach Brown, 18, a Seneca Valley senior, said of students’ efforts to support the teen and his family. Brown said he runs the Seneca Valley Student Section Twitter account, where a call to support the family was posted Thursday. 
  
 “Reading this story makes me sick to my stomach,” the post said, linking to a Trib story from Wednesday describing the lawsuit filed by the Floods. “This Friday we will show our support for the entire Flood family by putting #WeStand4Flood on the back of our Blue Out Shirts to support this amazing family!! #WeStand4Flood.” 
  
 The account description for the student section, which posts from the Twitter handle @SVStudntSection, says the account is led by students and not affiliated with Seneca Valley High School. 
  
 Brown and classmate Adam Baer, 18, also a senior, said students also are using the hashtag #SupportTheTruth in an effort to tap into national conversations around the Brett Kavanaugh hearings. Several women have publicly accused Kavanaugh, a candidate for the U.S. Supreme Court nominated by President Trump in July, of sexual assault. The Senate is expected to vote on his confirmation this weekend. 
  
 “We want to get to the bottom of it, regardless of what the outcome is,” said Baer, who added that he hopes the public will not jump to conclusions about the allegations of assault made against T.F. 
  
 “We’re not picking sides over ‘he said, she said,’” Brown said. 
  
 The 26-page lawsuit filed in Pittsburgh alleges T.F. “was forced to endure multiple court appearances, detention in a juvenile facility, detention at home, the loss of his liberty and other damages until several of the girls reluctantly admitted that their accusations were false.” The Floods seek unspecified civil damages against the girls’ parents, the school district and Butler County District Attorney Richard Goldinger’s office. 
  
 Mya Orgovan, 18, a senior at Seneca Valley High School, taped “Justice 4 Flood” to the back of her shirt Friday night. 
  
 “I’ve always known him to be such a sweet guy,” Orgovan said. 
  
 Orgovan said that she’s talked about the lawsuit and assault allegations with her friends. She hopes that T.F. is treated fairly. 
  
 Hempfield fans react 
  
 Fans in the Hempfield Area visitors’ section also weighed in on the lawsuit as well as bullying in their school community. 
  
 Robin Highlands, a Hempfield Area graduate and special education teacher at Logan Elementary School in the East Allegheny School District, read about the lawsuit. 
  
 “It’s sad if the boy was innocent and the girls truly made this story up,” she said, adding that she would be sick if her nephews were blamed for something they didn’t do. “His name is still defamed, and that’s not fair to him.” 
  
 She said the girls should face some type of punishment if, as they are accused in the lawsuit, the accusations they made are untrue. 
  
 Sarah Hayden, 16, a Hempfield Area sophomore, said some kids may get picked on for their clothes or if they’re in different groups, but she’s never heard of anything like what was alleged to have happened at Seneca Valley. 
  
 “For some kids it is rough,” she said. “Whether the way they dress or the way they look, they’ll just get picked on for no reason besides the fact that someone doesn’t like something about their appearance or their personality. They’ll nitpick little things. They’ll get their friends, and once one person in a friend group doesn’t like a person, everyone doesn’t like them, and you’re (excluded) from it.” 
  
 She said her school has a tip line and other programs to address bullying. If someone makes up stories about another student, she thinks that they should get punished. 
  
 Sarah’s mother, Amy Hayden, a 1987 Hempfield Area graduate, said bullying has gotten worse since she was in school, in part because of the internet. 
  
 “Social media’s the downfall,” she said. 
  
 Sarah’s aunt, Janice Manley, a 1986 Hempfield Area graduate, also thinks times have changed. 
  
 “I don’t remember anyone being as mean as they are now,” she said. “It’s completely different.” 
  
 Jamie Martines and Mike DiVittorio are Tribune-Review staff writers. You can contact Jamie at 724-850-2867, jmartines@tribweb.com or via Twitter @Jamie_Martines. Contact Mike at 412-871-2367, mdivittorio@tribweb.com or via Twitter @MikeJdiVittorio. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?