Answer the following question: Information:  - The Wrays, also known as The Wray Brothers Band, were an American country music group from Oregon composed of Bubba Wray, Jim Covert, Lynn Phillips and Joe Dale Cleghorn. Following two independent singles, The Wrays released a pair of singles on Mercury Records in the 1980s. Their highest charing single, "You Lay a Lotta Love on Me," reached the Top 50 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in 1987. After The Wrays broke up, lead singer Bubba Wray launched a successful solo career as Collin Raye.  - A pianist is an individual musician who plays the piano. Most forms of Western music can make use of the piano. Consequently, pianists have a wide variety of repertoire and styles to choose from, including traditionally classical music, Jazz, blues and all sorts of popular music, including rock music. Most pianists can, to a certain extent, play other keyboard-related instruments such as the synthesizer, harpsichord, celesta and the organ and keyboard. Perhaps the greatest pianist of all time was Franz Liszt, whose piano mastery was described by Anton Rubinstein: "In comparison with Liszt, all other pianists are children".   - Tom Shapiro (born in Kansas City, Missouri) is an American songwriter and occasional record producer, known primarily for his work in country music. To date, he holds four Country Songwriter of the Year awards from Broadcast Music Incorporated, as well as the Songwriter of the Decade award from the Nashville Songwriters Association International. He has also written more than fifty Top Ten hits, including twenty-six Number Ones.  - Johnny Cash (born J. R. Cash; February 26, 1932  September 12, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author. He was widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century and one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 90 million records worldwide. Although primarily remembered as a country music icon, his genre-spanning songs and sound embraced rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of multiple inductions in the Country Music, Rock and Roll, and Gospel Music Halls of Fame.  - "Somebody Else's Moon" is a song written by Tom Shapiro and Paul Nelson, and recorded by American country music singer Collin Raye. It was released in March 1993 as the third single from his album, "In This Life." The song reached the Top 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and peaked at number 11 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.  - The word Dobro is, in popular usage, the generic term for a wood-bodied, single cone resonator guitar. It is also an American brand of resonator guitar, currently owned by the Gibson Guitar Corporation. The Dobro was originally made by the Dopyera brothers when they formed the Dobro Manufacturing Company. Their design, with a single inverted resonator, was introduced in competition to the patented Tricone and biscuit designs produced by the National String Instrument Corporation. The Dobro name appeared on other instruments, notably electric lap steel guitars and solid body electric guitars and on other resonator instruments such as Safari resonator mandolins.  - In This Life is the second studio album released by country music artist Collin Raye . Its title track was Raye 's second Number One hit ; `` That Was a River '' , `` Somebody Else 's Moon '' and `` I Want You Bad ( And That Ai n't Good ) '' were also released as singles . `` Big River '' is a cover of a Johnny Cash song , while `` Let It Be Me '' is a cover of a pop standard originally recorded by Betty Everett and Jerry Butler .  - Floyd Elliot Wray (born August 22, 1960) is an American country music singer, known professionally as Collin Raye, and previously as Bubba Wray. Under the latter name, he recorded as a member of the band The Wrays between 1983 and 1987. He made his solo debut in 1991 as Collin Raye with the album "All I Can Be", which produced his first Number One hit in "Love, Me". "All I Can Be" was the first of four consecutive albums released by Raye to achieve platinum certification in the United States for sales of one million copies each. Raye maintained several Top Ten hits throughout the rest of the decade and into 2000. 2001's "Can't Back Down" was his first album that did not produce a Top 40 country hit, and he was dropped by his record label soon afterward. He did not record another studio album until 2005's "Twenty Years and Change", released on an independent label.  - Fiddle is another name for the bowed string musical instrument more often called a violin. It is also a colloquial term for the instrument used by players in all genres, including classical music. Fiddle playing, or fiddling, refers to various styles of music. Fiddle is also a common term among musicians who play folk music on the violin. The fiddle is part of many traditional (folk) styles of music which are aural traditions, taught 'by ear' rather than via written music. Fiddle is normally the term used for Irish Traditional Music.  - Twenty Years and Change is the eighth studio album, released in 2005, by country music artist Collin Raye. His first studio album in 3 years, it produced the singles "I Know That's Right" and "Hurricane Jane", neither of which charted.  - The harmonica, also known as a French harp or mouth organ, is a free reed wind instrument used worldwide in many musical genres, notably in blues, American folk music, classical music, jazz, country, and rock and roll. There are many types of harmonica, including diatonic, chromatic, tremolo, octave, orchestral, and bass versions. A harmonica is played by using the mouth (lips and tongue) to direct air into or out of one or more holes along a mouthpiece. Behind each hole is a chamber containing at least one reed. A harmonica reed is a flat elongated spring typically made of brass, stainless steel, or bronze, which is secured at one end over a slot that serves as an airway. When the free end is made to vibrate by the player's air, it alternately blocks and unblocks the airway to produce sound.  - Europe is a continent that comprises the westernmost part of Eurasia. Europe is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. To the east and southeast, Europe is generally considered as separated from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. Yet the non-oceanic borders of Europea concept dating back to classical antiquityare arbitrary. The primarily physiographic term "continent" as applied to Europe also incorporates cultural and political elements whose discontinuities are not always reflected by the continent's current overland boundaries.  - All I Can Be is the debut studio album of American country music artist Collin Raye. It features the hit singles "All I Can Be (Is a Sweet Memory)" (originally recorded by Conway Twitty as "All I Can Be Is a Sweet Memory" on his 1985 album "Chasin' Rainbows"), "Love, Me" (Raye's first #1 on the "Billboard" country charts), and "Every Second". The final track, "If I Were You", is a different song than the song of the same name recorded on Raye's 1994 album "Extremes". "Any Ole Stretch of Blacktop" was later recorded by Shenandoah as a new track for their 1992  "Greatest Hits" album.  - "Love, Me" is a song written by Skip Ewing and Max T. Barnes, and recorded by American country music artist Collin Raye. It was released in October 1991 as the second single from the album "All I Can Be". In January 1992, the single became Raye's first Number One single on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts; the same year, the song received a Song of the Year nomination from the Country Music Association. The single has been cited as a popular choice for funerals.  - "That Was A River" is a song written by Susan Longacre and Rick Giles, and recorded by American country music singer Collin Raye that peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. It was released in July 1993 as the fourth and final single from his CD "In This Life."  - Rockabilly is one of the earliest styles of rock and roll music, dating back to the early 1950s in the United States, especially the South. As a genre it blends the sound of Western musical styles such as country with that of rhythm and blues, leading to what is considered "classic" rock and roll. Some have also described it as a blend of bluegrass with rock and roll. The term "rockabilly" itself is a portmanteau of "rock" (from "rock 'n' roll") and "hillbilly", the latter a reference to the country music (often called "hillbilly music" in the 1940s and 1950s) that contributed strongly to the style. Other important influences on rockabilly include western swing, boogie woogie, jump blues, and electric blues.  - Can't Back Down is the seventh studio album released by country music artist Collin Raye. It was also his last album for Epic Records, and the first album of his career not to produce any Top 40 country hits. "Ain't Nobody Gonna Take That from Me", the first single, reached #43 on the Hot Country Songs charts. "What I Need", the second single, failed to chart.  - Country music is a genre of United States popular music that originated in the southern United States in the 1920s. It takes its roots from the southeastern genre of United States, such as folk music (especially Appalachian folk music), and blues music. Blues modes have been used extensively throughout its recorded history. Country music often consists of ballads and dance tunes with generally simple forms and harmonies accompanied by mostly string instruments such as banjos, electric and acoustic guitars, dobros and fiddles as well as harmonicas. According to Lindsey Starnes, the term "country music" gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term "hillbilly music"; it came to encompass Western music, which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots, in the mid-20th century. The term "country music" is used today to describe many styles and subgenres. The origins of country music are the folk music of working-class Americans, who blended popular songs, Irish and Celtic fiddle tunes, traditional English ballads, and cowboy songs, and various musical traditions from European immigrant communities. In 2009 country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre during the evening commute, and second most popular in the morning commute in the United States.  - Betty Everett (November 23, 1939  August 19, 2001) was an American soul singer and pianist, best known for her biggest hit single, the million-selling "The Shoop Shoop Song (It's in His Kiss)".  - Recorded history or written history is a historical narrative based on a written record or other documented communication. Recorded history can be contrasted with other narratives of the past, such as mythological, oral or archeological traditions.    What entity does 'in this life ' has the relation 'record label' with?
Answer: