Please answer the following question: Information:  - An island or isle is any piece of sub-continental land that is surrounded by water. Very small islands such as emergent land features on atolls can be called islets, skerries, cays or keys. An island in a river or a lake island may be called an eyot or ait, and a small island off the coast may be called a holm. A grouping of geographically or geologically related islands is called an archipelago, e.g. the Philippines.  - The word township is used to refer to various kinds of settlements in different countries. While a "township" may be associated with an urban area, there are many exceptions to this rule. In Australia, Canada, and the United States, they may be settlements too small to be considered urban. Australia. In Australia, the designation of "township" traditionally refers to a small town or a small community in a rural district; such a place in Britain might qualify as a village or a hamlet. The term refers purely to the settlement; it does not refer to a unit of government; townships are governed as part of a larger (e.g., shire or city) council.  - The Phlegraean Islands are an archipelago off the coast of Naples in southern Italy, and comprise the islands of Ischia, Procida, Vivara, and Nisida, to which Capri is sometimes added. They are part of the Campanian Archipelago (Neapolitan Archipelago).  - A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws, to which it is subordinate. It is to be distinguished from the county, which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns, villages and hamlets. The term "municipality" may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality. A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision, as opposed to a special-purpose district. The term is derived from French "municipalité" and Latin "municipalis".  - The (plural: "") is a basic administrative division in Italy, roughly equivalent to a township or municipality.  - Mount Epomeo (Italian: "Monte Epomeo") is the highest mountain on the volcanic island of Ischia, in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. Epomeo is believed to be a volcanic horst.  - Barano d'Ischia is a comune ( municipality ) in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania , located in the south - west area of Ischia island , about 30 km southwest of Naples . It is after Forio the biggest comune of the island , yet not one of the most populated . Its territory is composed by several small villages : Buonopane , Piedimonte , Fiaiano , Testaccio ( no one of this small villages has become a frazione ) even if Testaccio was formerly an independent municipality . Barano d'Ischia borders the following municipalities : Casamicciola Terme , Ischia , Serrara Fontana .  - The Tyrrhenian Sea (, , , ) is part of the Mediterranean Sea off the western coast of Italy. It is named for the Tyrrhenian people, identified since the 6th century BCE with the Etruscans of Italy.  - The European Union (EU) is a political and economic union of member states that are located primarily in Europe. It has an area of , and an estimated population of over 510 million. The EU has developed an internal single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services, and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs, and maintain common policies on trade, agriculture, fisheries, and regional development. Within the Schengen Area, passport controls have been abolished. A monetary union was established in 1999 and came into full force in 2002, and is composed of 19 EU member states which use the euro currency.  - MILAN ("milan(e)" is French for kite) is a European anti-tank guided missile. Design of the MILAN started in 1962, it was ready for trials in 1971, and was accepted for service in 1972. It is a wire guided SACLOS (semi-automatic command to line-of-sight) missile, which means the sight of the launch unit has to be aimed at the target to guide the missile. The MILAN can be equipped with a MIRA or MILIS thermal sight to give it night-firing ability.  - An administrative division, unit, entity, area or region, also referred to as a subnational entity, constituent unit, or country subdivision, is a portion of a country or other region delineated for the purpose of administration. Administrative divisions are granted a certain degree of autonomy and are usually required to manage themselves through their own local governments. Countries are divided up into these smaller units to make managing their land and the affairs of their people easier. For example, a country may be divided into provinces, which, in turn, are divided into counties, which, in turn, may be divided in whole or in part into municipalities; and so on.  - Capri is an island located in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the Sorrentine Peninsula, on the south side of the Gulf of Naples in the Campania region of Italy. The main town Capri that is located on the island shares the name. It has been a resort since the time of the Roman Republic.  - The Gulf of Naples , also called the Bay of Naples, is a roughly 15-kilometer-wide (9.3 mi) gulf located along the south-western coast of Italy (province of Naples, Campania region). It opens to the west into the Mediterranean Sea. It is bordered on the north by the cities of Naples and Pozzuoli, on the east by Mount Vesuvius, and on the south by the Sorrentine Peninsula and the main town of the peninsula, Sorrento. The Peninsula separates the Gulf of Naples from the Gulf of Salerno, which includes the Amalfi coast.  - Southern Italy or Mezzogiorno (literally "midday") is the traditional term for the southern regions of Italy, encompassing the southern section of the continental Italian Peninsula, the island of Sicily, and usually the island of Sardinia. It generally coincides with the administrative regions of Abruzzo, Apulia, Basilicata, Campania, Calabria, Molise, Sicily, and Sardinia. Some also include the most southern and eastern parts of Lazio (Sora, Cassino, Gaeta, Cittaducale and Amatrice districts) within the "Mezzogiorno", because these territories were also part of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies. The island of Sardinia, although for cultural and historical reasons having less in common with the aforementioned regions, is frequently included as Southern Italy or "Mezzogiorno", often for statistical and economical purposes.  - Naples (Neapolitan: "Napule" or ;  meaning "new city") is the capital of the Italian region Campania and the third-largest municipality in Italy, after Rome and Milan. In 2015, around 975,260 people lived within the city's administrative limits. The Metropolitan City of Naples had a population of 3,115,320. Naples is the 9th-most populous urban area in the European Union with a population of between 3 million and 3.7 million. About 4.4 million people live in the Naples metropolitan area, one of the largest metropolises on the Mediterranean Sea.  - The Naples metropolitan area is a metropolitan area in Campania, Italy, centered on the city of Naples. With a population of around 4 million, it's the third most populous metropolitan area on the European part of Mediterranean coast (after Barcelona and Athens), and one of the biggest metropolises in Europe.  - Italy, officially the Italian Republic, is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe. Located in the heart of the Mediterranean Sea, Italy shares open land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, San Marino and Vatican City. Italy covers an area of and has a largely temperate seasonal climate and Mediterranean climate; due to its shape, it is often referred to in Italy as "lo Stivale" (the Boot). With 61 million inhabitants, it is the fourth most populous EU member state.  - The Italian Peninsula or Apennine Peninsula ("Penisola appenninica") is the central and the smallest of the three large peninsulas of Southern Europe (between the Iberian Peninsula and the Balkan Peninsula). It extends from the Po Valley in the north to the central Mediterranean Sea in the south. The peninsula's shape gives it the nickname "lo Stivale" (the Boot). Three smaller peninsulas contribute to this characteristic shape, namely Calabria (the "toe"), Salento (the "heel") and Gargano (the "spur").  - Rome is a city and special "comune" (named "Roma Capitale") in Italy. Rome is the capital of Italy and of the Lazio region. With 2,870,336 residents in , it is also the country's largest and most populated "comune" and fourth-most populous city in the European Union by population within city limits. The Metropolitan City of Rome has a population of 4.3 million residents. The city is located in the central-western portion of the Italian Peninsula, within Lazio (Latium), along the shores of Tiber river. The Vatican City is an independent country geographically located within the city boundaries of Rome, the only existing example of a country within a city: for this reason Rome has been often defined as capital of two states.   - Ischia is a volcanic island in the Tyrrhenian Sea. It lies at the northern end of the Gulf of Naples, about from the city of Naples. It is the largest of the Phlegrean Islands. Roughly trapezoidal, it measures approximately east to west and north to south and has about of coastline and a surface area of . It is almost entirely mountainous; the highest peak is Mount Epomeo, at . The island is very densely populated, with 60,000 residents (more than 1300 inhabitants per square km).  - The Mediterranean Sea (pronounced ) is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean, surrounded by the Mediterranean Basin and almost completely enclosed by land: on the north by Southern Europe and Anatolia, on the south by North Africa, and on the east by the Levant. The sea is sometimes considered a part of the Atlantic Ocean, although it is usually identified as a separate body of water.  - Campania is a region in Southern Italy. The region at the end of 2014 had a population of around 5,869,000 people, making it the third-most-populous region of Italy; its total area of makes it the most densely populated region in the country. Located on the Italian Peninsula, with the Mediterranean Sea to the west, it includes the small Phlegraean Islands and Capri for administration as part of the region.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'barano d'ischia'.  Choices: - abruzzo  - amalfi  - anatolia  - atlantic ocean  - barcelona  - basin  - campania  - canada  - capri  - central  - district  - east  - europe  - european union  - gulf  - iberian peninsula  - italy  - lazio  - metropolitan city of rome  - milan  - molise  - most  - mountain  - naples  - north  - northern  - of  - po  - province of naples  - river  - roma capitale  - rome  - san marino  - schengen  - south  - switzerland  - union  - vatican city
Answer: