Article:
Three French students were charged at the weekend over the murder of a fellow student after an attempt to dissolve her body in acid inspired by the TV series “Breaking Bad” was discovered. 
  
 The battered and decomposing body of Eva Bourseau, 23, allegedly killed over a £4,250 drugs debt, was found by her mother in a plastic container at her flat in Toulouse, in the south of France, last month. 
  
 One suspect admitted to police they had tried to mimic a scene from the hit American show in which a struggling chemistry teacher and one of his former students go into the drugs business and use acid to dispose of the body of a murdered rival, prosecution sources said. 
  
 They bought “acid and a plastic trunk to immerse the body and dissolve it”, a source said. The TV series highlighted the need to use a plastic container as acid would dissolve metal. 
  
 Described as “brilliant students”, the three young men had become involved in drugs and started dealing amphetamines to other students, according to their lawyers. 
  
 Photo: AFP 
  
 Two of them allegedly went to the home of Eva Bourseau, who was studying art history, to collect the money she owed them. When she failed to pay, they launched a frenzied attack with a crowbar and knuckledusters. 
  
 Afterwards they behaved in a cool-headed manner, returning to the flat several times in the next two days to check on the condition of the body, replace air fresheners covering up the smell of decomposing flesh and steal valuables, according to prosecution sources. 
  
 They apparently believed it would take several days for the body to dissolve but the plan went wrong when Eva’s mother, worried by her daughter’s failure to return calls, went to the flat and made the macabre discovery. 
  
 Two suspects have been placed under formal investigation, a stage in the French legal process equivalent to being charged, for murder. A third man has been charged as an accomplice. The youngest suspect is 19 and the others are in their 20s. 
  
 Pierre Alfort, the lawyer for one of the suspects, an engineering student, said his client “went wrong when he got involved in the party scene and local nightlife.” |||||  
  
 A forensics team loads the remains of a woman onto a vehicle after her dismembered body was found in a plastic storage trunk in a building in Toulouse on Aug. 4, 2015. (AFP/Getty Images) 
  
 Four French students have been arrested and indicted in connection with the killing of a 23-year-old woman who was found dead last week, dismembered and decomposing in a plastic container filled with acid, police said. 
  
 Three men and a woman, ages 19 to 23, were indicted in southern France during the weekend in connection with the slaying, which was thought to be inspired by AMC’s dark drama “Breaking Bad,” the prosecutor told Agence France-Presse. Two men were indicted for murder, drug trafficking and robbery. The third was indicted for murder by complicity. The men remain in custody. 
  
 The woman was indicted for drug trafficking and put under judicial supervision. 
  
 [Maraschino cherry king, caught with alleged underground marijuana operation, commits suicide] 
  
 Eva Bourseau, a 23-year-old former student in Toulouse, France, apparently owed the drug dealers more than $6,500. When she failed to pay, the suspects sought revenge, police said. On July 26, two male suspects reportedly went to her apartment and allegedly beat her to death with “brass knuckles and a crowbar,” according to a rough translation of a French AFP report. 
  
 Bourseau was allegedly killed by a blow to the head, according to the French newspaper Local. 
  
 The prosecutor said when it came time to hide the evidence, the suspects took a cue from “Breaking Bad,” a TV show in which characters Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) were seen several times throughout the series disposing of victims’ bodies by submerging them in plastic tubs filled with hydrofluoric acid. The suspects allegedly used chlorine acid, according to Radio France Internationale. 
  
 The suspects bought “the acid and a polyethylene trunk to immerse the body,” the prosecutor told AFP. Then they allegedly removed Bourseau’s legs to fit her entire body into the container, according to the Local. 
  
 For days after the incident, police said, the suspects returned to the scene, stealing from her apartment and spraying air fresheners to mask the stench. 
  
 It wasn’t until about 10 days after Bourseau’s death that police found her remains. 
  
 [Portland’s real-life ‘Breaking Bad': Former chemistry teacher charged with manufacturing methamphetamine] 
  
 Police responded to a call Aug. 3 from Bourseau’s mother and a friend who said they had not been able to reach her for two weeks, according to the Local. When police arrived at the scene, the door was locked, forcing firefighters to climb in through a skylight. They found her body in “advanced stages of decomposition,” a police representative told AFP, according to the Local. 
  
 Bourseau was a former student at a top university in Toulouse where she reportedly studied humanities and languages. She had dropped out and fallen in with “the wrong crowd,” according to Radio France Internationale. 
  
 Indeed, fictional portrayals similar to her death and disposal were captured in “Breaking Bad.” In season one, for instance, Pinkman poured hydrofluoric acid into a bathtub to dispose of his former business partner Emilio Koyama. The acid ate through the tub and the second floor of the home. In seasons four and five, White and Pinkman used the same method to destroy bodies. 
  
 [Walter White and LBJ? Tony-winner Bryan Cranston sees the likeness.] 
  
  
  
 Bryan Cranston as Walter White, left, and Aaron Paul as Jesse Pinkman in a scene from “Breaking Bad.” (Frank Ockenfels/AMC/AP) 
  
 Over the years, others have cited the show as inspiration for crime. 
  
 Last year, 28-year-old Jason Hart pleaded guilty in Washington state to strangling his girlfriend in 2013 and trying to dissolve her body in acid, WHQ-TV reported. He took a plea deal that put him behind bars for a roughly 14-year prison sentence. 
  
 A woman in the United Kingdom last year said she mimicked the show when she tried to poison her mother. “It was like I saw myself to be some kind of Mexican drug warlord,” she said in court, according to the Guardian. “I would think it through as if I was the main character in ‘Breaking Bad.'” A man from Liverpool was found guilty this year of trying to buy enough ricin to kill 1,400 people from a dealer on the Dark Web, BBC News reported. 
  
 The case in France is still under investigation. ||||| The victim's body was found decomposing in a flat in Toulouse on Monday night, after having being cut up into pieces, covered in cling film and bunged into a suitcase. 
  
 Apparently chlorine acid had been used to try and disguise any trace of the corpse 
  
 Her killers did everything to avoid getting caught... Going so far as to barricade the victim's door from police and blasting the flat with air freshner to hide the rotting smell. 
  
 It's believed they were inspired by the American prison series "Breaking Bad." 
  
 All this was of course in revenge for the victim failing to pay back a 6,000 euro debt, contracted over the course of drug selling, or lack of in this case. 
  
 The victim, 23 year old Eva Bourseau, had been studying Humanities and languages at one of the top universities in Toulouse before dropping out, and that's when she fell in with the wrong crowd. 
  
 Three men and a woman aged between 19 and 22, are in custody over her murder, which is being treated as premeditated manslaughter. 
  
 This case has once again reignited the problem of drug trafficking in Toulouse, which contrary to popular belief is common. This time last year, two suspected revenge killings were reported linked to the city’s illegal drugs trade. 
  
 However, Marseille, France’s second largest city, still has a far higher death toll linked to drug traffickers in the city’s northern districts. ||||| Suspects reportedly planned to dissolve the victim's body in acid. Photo: AFP 
  
 Four people who planned to dissolve a French woman's body in acid were inspired by hit US TV show Breaking Bad, a prosecutor revealed on Friday. 
  
 The dismembered body of 23-year-old Eva Bourseau was found on Monday in a plastic container inside her Toulouse flat. 
  
 Her legs had reportedly been cut off in order to fit her body inside the container. 
  
 The woman's body was in the "advanced stages of decomposition", a police source told the AFP news agency at the time, adding that it had likely been there for around ten days. 
  
 A woman and three men, all between the ages of 19 and 23 and all with a criminal record, have since been arrested in connection with the murder, and by Friday a prosecutor revealed some of the grisly details. 
  
 Two men in the group went to the woman's house to settle a €6,000 drug debt. There, they beat her violently, killing her through a blow to the skull. The prosecutor said they later bought acid in order to dissolve her body. 
  
 The prosecutor explained that the suspects had been inspired by a US TV show Breaking Bad, where the lead characters use Hydrofluoric acid - a highly corrosive acid - to dissolve the bodies of their victims. 
  
 The young men had repeatedly visited the apartment in the days following the woman's murder in order to clean the scene, to steal from the home, and to check up on the decomposition of the body. The men had reportedly left air fresheners in the flat to disguise the smell. 
  
 The investigation continues. ||||| Police remained on the scene on Tuesday afternoon. Photo: AFP 
  
 The Local · 4 Aug 2015, 14:43 
  
 Published: 04 Aug 2015 14:43 GMT+02:00 
  
 The dismembered body of a young woman has been found in a plastic container in a flat in the southern French city of Toulouse. 
  
 Firefighters made the gruesome discovery inside an apartment in the middle of the city of Toulouse, southern France. 
  
 They had been called to the scene on Monday night by a friend and the mother of the woman who lived in the apartment. They had not seen the 23-year-old for two weeks, reported Le Figaro newspaper. 
  
 Finding the apartment door locked, firefighters climbed through a skylight to get inside, and were met with a strong stench. They soon found a woman's body inside a plastic container. 
  
 French media reported that someone had cut off the legs of the victim in order to fit her body inside the trunk. 
  
 The woman's body was in the "advanced stages of decomposition", a police source told the AFP news agency, adding that it had likely been there for around ten days. 
  
 It is yet to be confirmed whether the body belongs to the missing tenant of the home, with a neighbour telling the newspaper that the body didn't appear to match that of the tenant. 
  
 Further details remain unclear, and police have launched an investigation while an autopsy is being carried out. 
  
  
  
 The apartment was still cordoned off on Tuesday afternoon. |||||Summary: