Article:

Pope Francis, the first Jesuit pope, reflected on his style, influences and priorities as pope in an interview with La Civilta Cattolica, the Jesuit journal in Rome, which published the remarks Thursday. Here are some highlights: 
  
 In this photo provided by the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano, Pope Francis is shown a dog by a member of the Federazione Italiana Sport Cinofili (Italian Federation of Canine' Sports), following... (Associated Press) 
  
 ___ 
  
 ON FINDING GOD IN EVERYONE 
  
 _"God is in everyone's life. Even if the life of a person has been a disaster, even if it is destroyed by vices, drugs or anything else_God is in this person's life." 
  
 ___ 
  
 ON FAITH AND DOUBT: 
  
 _"If one has the answers to all the questions_that is the proof that God is not with him. It means that he is a false prophet using religion for himself. The great leaders of the people of God, like Moses, have always left room for doubt. You must leave room for the Lord, not for our certainties; we must be humble." 
  
 ___ 
  
 WHAT ABOUT THE ROLE OF WOMEN? 
  
 Pope Francis has previously called for greater study of the role of women in the church, although he has ruled out women's ordination. He went further in this interview, saying women must be involved in top decision-making matters. 
  
 _"The feminine genius is needed wherever we make important decisions. The challenge today is this: to think about the specific place of women also in those places where the authority of the church is exercised." 
  
 ___ 
  
 ON BEING ARGENTINA'S JESUIT LEADER 
  
 _"I found myself provincial (the Jesuit leader) when I was still very young. I was only 36 years old. That was crazy. ... It was my authoritarian way of making decisions that created problems." 
  
 ___ 
  
 HOW DO YOU LIKE TO PRAY? 
  
 _ "What I really prefer is adoration in the evening, even when I get distracted and think of other things, or even fall asleep praying. In the evening then, between seven and eight o'clock, I stay in front of the Blessed Sacrament for an hour in adoration. But I pray mentally even when I am waiting at the dentist or at other times of the day." 
  
 __ 
  
 WHAT ABOUT THE OLD LATIN MASS? 
  
 Pope Benedict XVI opened up the Latin Mass for wider use among traditionalists who were opposed to the modern liturgy: 
  
 _ "I think the decision of Pope Benedict was prudent and motivated by the desire to help people who have this sensitivity. What is worrying, though, is the risk of the ideologization of the (Old Mass), its exploitation." 
  
 ___ 
  
 HOW GREAT ARE THOSE NUNS? 
  
 Nuns working in hospitals took care of Francis when he lost most of one lung to an infection in his early 20s. 
  
 _ "I am alive because of one of them. When I went through my lung disease at the hospital, the doctor gave me penicillin and streptomycin in certain doses. The sister who was on duty tripled my doses because she was daringly astute; she knew what to do because she was with ill people all day. The doctor, who really was a good one, lived in his laboratory; the sister lived on the frontier and was in dialogue with it every day." 
  
 __ 
  
 AND WHO ARE HIS FAVORITE ARTISTS? 
  
 _"`La Strada,' by Fellini, is the movie that perhaps I loved the most. I identify with this movie, in which there is an implicit reference to St. Francis." 
  
 _"I have read The Betrothed, by Alessandro Manzoni, three times, and I have it now on my table because I want to read it again. Manzoni gave me so much. When I was a child, my grandmother taught me by heart the beginning of The Betrothed: `That branch of Lake Como that turns off to the south between two unbroken chains of mountains...'" 
  
 _"Among the great painters, I admire Caravaggio; his paintings speak to me. But also Chagall, with his `White Crucifixion.' Among musicians I love Mozart, of course. The `Et incarnatus est' from his Mass in C minor is matchless; it lifts you to God!" 
  
 ___ 
  
 Source: English translation by America magazine. ||||| By Eric Marrapodi and Daniel Burke, CNN Belief Blog Co-Editors 
  
 Follow @EricCNNBeliefFollow @BurkeCNN 
  
 (CNN) - Pope Francis said the church has the right to express its opinions but not to "interfere spiritually" in the lives of gays and lesbians, expanding on explosive comments he made in July about not judging homosexuals. 
  
 In a wide-ranging interview published Thursday, the pope also said that women must play a key role in church decisions and brushed off critics who say he should be more vocal about fighting abortion and gay marriage. 
  
 Moreover, if the church fails to find a "new balance" between its spiritual and political missions, the pope warned, its moral foundation will "fall like a house of cards." 
  
 The interview, released by Jesuit magazines in several different languages and 16 countries on Thursday, offers perhaps the most expansive and in-depth view of Francis' vision for the Roman Catholic Church. 
  
 The pope's comments don't break with Catholic doctrine or policy, but instead show a shift in approach, moving from censure to engagement. 
  
 Elected in March with the expectation that he would try to reform the Vatican, an institution that many observers say is riven by corruption and turf wars, Francis said his first mission is to change the church's "attitude." 
  
 "The church has sometimes locked itself up in small things," the pope said, "in small-minded rules." 
  
 "The people of God want pastors," Francis continued, "not clergy acting like bureaucrats or government officials." 
  
 MORE ON CNN: New interview shows why the pope is so beloved 
  
 The interview was conducted by the Rev. Antonio Spadaro, editor of La Civilta Cattolica, a Jesuit journal based in Rome, over three meetings this August at Francis' apartment in Rome. 
  
 The pope approved the transcript in Italian, according to America magazine, a Jesuit journal based in New York that initiated the interview and supervised its translation into English. 
  
 Advance copies of the interview were provided to several news organizations, including CNN. 
  
 Jesuits from around the world submitted questions to Spadaro. Francis answered them with the frankness that has become a hallmark of his young papacy. 
  
 To begin the interview, Spadoro bluntly asks, "Who is Jorge Mario Bergolio?" - Francis's name before he was elected pope. 
  
 "I am a sinner," the pope answers. "This is the most accurate definition. It is not a figure of speech, a literary genre. I am a sinner.” 
  
 The pope didn't mention any particular sins, and Catholic theology holds that all humans are sinners, a consequence of Adam and Eve's original transgression. Still, a pope describing himself foremost as "sinner" is striking. 
  
 MORE ON CNN: The pope said what? Six stunners from Francis 
  
 Offering new glimpses of his personal life, Francis said he prays at the dentist's office and felt trapped in the Vatican's traditional papal apartments. (He moved to a smaller one in a nearby building.) He has a taste for tragic artists and Italian films and keeps the will of his beloved grandmother in his prayerbook. 
  
 But it was the pope's vision for the church's future - painted in broad strokes - that's sure to rile or inspire Catholics, depending on which side of the church they sit. 
  
 Here are some highlights: 
  
 On Women 
  
 In July, Francis said, emphatically, that the "door is closed," on women's ordination, a statement that disappointed many Catholic liberals. 
  
 But that doesn't mean the church should consider women secondary or inferior, Francis said. "The feminine genius is needed wherever we make important decisions," he told Spadora. 
  
 Francis also called on Catholics to think hard about the function of women in the church. 
  
 "Women are asking deep questions that must be addressed," the pope said. "The church cannot be herself without the woman and her role." 
  
 On Homosexuality 
  
 When Francis was a bishop in Buenos Aires, Argentina, he received letters from gays and lesbians who said they were "socially wounded" by the church, he said. 
  
 "But the church does not want to do this," Francis said in the interview. 
  
 The pope then recalled his comments in July, when he told the media aboard a flight to Rome, "Who am I to judge" gay people? 
  
 MORE ON CNN: Pope Francis on gays: 'Who am I to judge?' 
  
 "By saying this, I said what the catechism says," the pope told Spadaro. The catechism, the Catholic Church's book of official doctrine, condemns homosexual acts, but says gays and lesbians "must be accepted with respect, compassion, and sensitivity." 
  
 "Religion has the right to express its opinion in the service of the people, but God in creation has set us free: it is not possible to interfere spiritually in the life of a person." 
  
 Francis said that someone once asked him if he "approved" of homosexuality. 
  
 "I replied with another question," he said. "`Tell me, when God looks at a gay person, does he endorse the existence of this person with love, or reject and condemn this person?’ We must always consider the person. Here we enter into the mystery of the human being." 
  
 Abortion, gay marriage and contraception 
  
 Some American Catholics grumble that Francis has been largely silent on signature Catholic political issues. 
  
 "I’m a little bit disappointed in Pope Francis that he hasn’t, at least that I’m aware of, said much about unborn children, about abortion, and many people have noticed that," Bishop Thomas Tobin of Providence, Rhode Island, said earlier this month. 
  
 Francis said that he's aware of the criticism, but he is not going to change. 
  
 “We cannot insist only on issues related to abortion, gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods," he told his Jesuit interviewer. "I have not spoken much about these things, and I was reprimanded for that." 
  
 But the pope said the church's teachings on those issue are clear, and he clearly believes in those teachings, so what else is there to say? 
  
 "It is not necessary to talk about these issues all the time," Francis said. 
  
 False prophets and quick decisions 
  
 Only false prophets claim to have all the answers, Francis said. 
  
 "The great leaders of the people of God, like Moses, have always left room for doubt," he said. "You must leave room for the Lord." 
  
 But church leaders, including himself, haven't always practiced humility, the pope admitted. 
  
 Many of the bad decisions he made while leading Catholics in Argentina came about because of his "authoritarianism and quick manner of making decisions," the pope said. 
  
 That won't happen again, Francis said, as he begins to steer the church in a new direction. 
  
 He didn't offer an exact course, but he said change will come. Sooner or later. 
  
 "Many think that changes and reforms can take place in a short time," he said. "I believe that we always need time to lay the foundations for real, effective change. And this is the time of discernment." |||||
What is a summary?