Here is a news article: The transformational issue in this campaign might not be healthcare, or the economy, or immigration, but Bain Capital, says the New York Times – in a surprised acknowledgment that the private equity firm that Mitt Romney helped found is proving to be a powerful weapon against him. 
  
 The Bain attacks are, so far, the most controversial Obama campaign strategy, derided by many Democratic pros and insiders. Theirs is a simple analysis: populist attacks seldom work for the Democrats (curiously, they tend to work well for the Republicans); private equity is an issue too complicated to gain lasting attention; it's silly to offend the financial community, which provides so much support to the Democrats, over a low-return issue. 
  
 This last point is causing the most head-shaking within the party. Particularly in the wake of the eruption by Obama partisan, Newark Mayor Cory Booker, in which he characterized the anti-Bain campaign as nauseating: why bite the hand that feeds you? 
  
 Indeed, part of the great generational shift of party identification and loyalty has been the movement of the Republican party away from Wall Street and to social interest groups, and the movement of the Democrats from their traditional labor roots to a new home among the financial Medicis. In ways large and small, the Democrats, during the historic Clinton-led stockmarket surge, became the party of Goldman Sachs. Obama may have incurred the wrath of rich (and wakadoo) Republican outliers – the Koch brothers, for instance – but (at least, up until now) he and the Democratic party have had a firm hold on that once rock-ribbed Republican club, the eastern financial establishment. 
  
 And while this new alignment gave the Democrats vast resources, it also, in ways large and small, confused its message. The Democrats became the snob party, the haughty party, the yuppie party, while the Republicans, remarkably, became the salt-of-the-earth lot. George Bush, from as rock-ribbed a family as anyone has ever been, somehow turned into an everyman. 
  
 Part of the Democrats' inability to make the financial meltdown its own issue is caused by its own deep ambivalence and profound conflict of interest when it comes to the financial industry: many senior administration officials expect to leave office and get jobs, and make personal fortunes, in the institutions that might otherwise be blamed, and even indicted, for the present mess. 
  
 But then, in another staggering reversal, the Republicans end up with Mitt Romney – Mitt Romney! – a figure straight out of the Republicans' long-ago, country-club, preppy, pink-pants, stockbroker era, as their certain nominee. Mitt Romney is the unreconstructed George Bush. 
  
 Romney is such a vivid caricature that he resets the cultural timeline of both parties. We're back before it all got confused – before the great liquidity that began in the 1980s made a significant part of the voting public believe their self-interest lay in asset appreciation (of real estate, stocks, options, shadow equity, art, whatever). 
  
 Before that – say, before Ronald Reagan – the world was a much simpler place. There was a rarified group (the 1%, if you will) that we understood to represent capital; and the rest of us, who were not owners and whose future who was not tied to asset appreciation, who got a pay check. 
  
 One of the notable developments of the modern postwar, 1950s, 60s, 70s era is the detente that had largely grown up between these two groups: capital got its fair reward and so did labor. Then, in the postmodern era, the balance dramatically shifted to capital. This happened in part because so many more people had come to believe, illusorily or not, that they were capital. 
  
 But suddenly, the music stopped and, in something of a sight gag, Mitt Romney was left standing. There can hardly be a more perfect reminder than Romney and Bain of the stark divide between capital and the rest of us. It is not even that they are so bad, but that it is just so hard to identify with them. Few people are ever going to confuse themselves with Mitt Romney. 
  
 When you personalize the story with Romney and Bain, it's easy to see that that a particular group of people make their money differently than the rest of us. There is really no disguising the paramount point about private equity – not least of all because private equity has never seen much reason to disguise it: its reason for being is exclusively to benefit its shareholders. 
  
 Indeed, after the great liquidity revolution, this became the operating principle of capital everywhere. We are in it for ourselves but, with a little hocus pocus, if we benefit, you will benefit, too. The rich get richer and so does everybody else – so it seemed. 
  
 Except, obviously, we now know that is not true. Only Mitt and friends are rich. 
  
 Saying as much, the Obama-led attacks on Mitt and Bain can easily seem simplistic and crude and, also, upsetting to anyone who has a capital stake. This is why Cory Booker, ever-cultivating wealthy benefactors (and being cultivated by them, too), is sickened by the reductiveness of it all, and why Mitt Romney is raising so much cash. This is turning the presidential election into a referendum on the financial establishment and its worldview … and its personality, its vibe, and its look. 
  
 And what if it works? What if Romney, hopelessly characterized as out-of-step with the modern world, loses? What if Bain becomes a famous punchline? Can there really be a reset? What if Obama, a muddle of conflicting messages, successfully argues the point he, and more and more of the world, seem to be groping for: the brief elevation of shareholder interest above all else is over. That anomalous moment in history has passed. Now, we need to return to a new, old model of stakeholders, wherein everybody's interest, employees, vendors, community, as well as shareholders, are represented. 
  
 Somewhere in this argument, Mitt Romney becomes a curious relic of our weird and disappearing time. ||||| Propelled by a torrent of blistering television advertisements, President Obama is successfully invoking Mitt Romney ’s career at Bain Capital to raise questions about his commitment to the middle class, strategists in both parties say, as the candidates engage in a critical summer duel to set the terms for this fall. 
  
 Despite doubts among some Democrats about the wisdom of attacking Mr. Romney’s business career, Obama commercials painting him as a ruthless executive who pursued profits at the expense of jobs are starting to make an impact on some undecided voters, according to strategists from both sides, who differ on whether they are causing any substantial damage. 
  
 While the sense of worry and alarm that has hung over the White House for weeks is dissipating, and with his supporters relieved by the Supreme Court decision on Thursday to uphold most of his health care law, Mr. Obama faces new challenges before the conventions at the end of the summer. 
  
 People close to the Romney campaign say it could close its June fund-raising books having collected an additional $100 million, possibly more, a tally that would exceed all expectations and further extend the overall Republican financial advantage in the race. 
  
 With that cash influx, Mr. Romney’s team is preparing a new advertising campaign that will aggressively portray Mr. Obama as a craven political figure, rather than the transformative leader he pledged he would be. 
  
 They began that effort in the past several days with a new ad that uses video of Hillary Rodham Clinton lashing out at Mr. Obama in the 2008 Democratic primary campaign as spending “millions of dollars perpetuating falsehoods.” Aides said they were considering more ads with Mrs. Clinton or her husband criticizing Mr. Obama. 
  
 “He’s just another politician,” Matt Rhoades, the campaign manager for Mr. Romney, said in an interview. “He’s not the Barack Obama of the last campaign.” 
  
 And Mr. Obama’s aides acknowledged that whatever they do, they still must contend with a troubled economy, with monthly reminders in the unemployment and job creation reports, the next of which comes out on Friday. 
  
 Mr. Romney’s aides said in interviews that their strategy depended on keeping their candidate close to Mr. Obama in the polls until at least the Republican convention at the end of August. They hope to begin to pull away then with a relentless case that Mr. Obama has not been up to the job of fixing the economy — and that Mr. Romney has the experience and the knowledge to lead the nation to recovery. 
  
 They have studiously avoided getting drawn into what they have called side issues. And at times they have limited Mr. Romney’s media appearances, even after the health care decision, which conservatives believe will help motivate voters who now see electing Mr. Romney as the only chance of undoing the law. 
  
 But Mr. Romney’s strategy of avoiding clashes on issues other than the economy and minimizing his risks — he has no public events scheduled until at least the Fourth of July — is starting to draw criticism even from some fellow Republicans, who are urging him to take more specific stands and set out a more positive agenda. 
  
 Mr. Obama, by contrast, has put other big issues in front of the nation on his terms, most notably same-sex marriage and illegal immigration, displaying the advantages of incumbency, energizing crucial voting groups and moving public attention at least temporarily away from jobs. 
  
 But even as they have tried to expand the playing field of issues, Mr. Obama’s aides said they would not let up on their efforts to challenge the core of Mr. Romney’s campaign, his claim to be a better economic manager. 
  
 “We’ve got to make sure people fully appreciate Mitt Romney is not some safe alternative,” said David Plouffe, a senior adviser to the president. 
  
 To drive home that point over the past few weeks, Mr. Obama has gone on an advertising binge, spending more than $12 million during a single week in mid-June, according to a Republican group that monitors advertising spending. 
  
 According to the independent media tracking firm CMAG, between early April and late June Mr. Obama spent at least $40 million and Mr. Romney at least $10 million, with outside groups like Crossroads GPS and Restore Our Future making up the difference for him. 
  
 The latest advertisement against Mr. Romney has been criticized by independent fact-checkers as incorrectly calling Mr. Romney a corporate raider and unfairly alleging that he “shipped jobs to China and Mexico.” 
  
 Mr. Obama’s acute focus on Bain has drawn complaints from Democrats, including high-profile surrogates like Mayor Cory A. Booker of Newark, who said in May that he found the attacks nauseating. And even as the liberal “super PAC” Priorities USA Action joined the attack with similar ads, some Democrats said they had concluded that the attacks were not working anyway. |||||
A summary of this is?