Information:  - The Wright Stuff is a British television chat show, hosted by Matthew Wright, and airing on Channel 5 each weekday morning from 9:15 to 11:15am. The series characterises itself as "Britain's brightest daytime show", which "gives ordinary people the chance to talk and comment on everything such as news to the social, emotional and even sexual issues back at home", as well as featuring "showbiz stars and media commentators". "The Wright Stuff" has been nominated as "Best Daytime Programme" at both the Royal Television Society and the National Television Awards.  - Color (American English) or colour (Commonwealth English) is the characteristic of human visual perception described through color "categories", with names such as red, yellow, purple, or bronze. This perception of color derives from the stimulation of cone cells in the human eye by electromagnetic radiation in the spectrum of light. Color categories and physical specifications of color are associated with objects through the wavelength of the light that is reflected from them. This reflection is governed by the object's physical properties such as light absorption, emission spectra, etc. Human trichromacy is the basis for all modern color spaces that assign colors numerical coordinates and associate corresponding distances between colors.  - Television or TV is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black-and-white), or in color, and in two or three dimensions and sound. It can refer to a television set, a television program ("TV show"), or the medium of television transmission. Television is a mass medium, for entertainment, education, news, and advertising.  - Edgbaston is a suburban area of Central Birmingham, England. It is curved around the southwest of the city centre. It is bordered by Moseley to the south east and by Smethwick and Winson Green to the north west.  - TV-am was a TV company that broadcast the ITV franchise for breakfast television in the United Kingdom from 1 February 1983 until 31 December 1992. The station was the UK's first national operator of a commercial breakfast television franchise. Its daily broadcasts were between 6 am and 9:25 am.  - London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom, as well as the most populous city proper in the European Union. Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain, London has been a major settlement for two millennia. It was founded by the Romans, who named it "Londinium". London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its medieval boundaries. Since at least the 19th century, "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which today largely makes up Greater London, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.  - A "metropolitan area", sometimes referred to as a "metro area" or just "metro", is a region consisting of a densely populated urban core and its less-populated surrounding territories, sharing industry, infrastructure, and housing. A metro area usually comprises multiple jurisdictions and municipalities: neighborhoods, townships, boroughs, cities, towns, exurbs, suburbs, counties, districts, states, and even nations like the eurodistricts. As social, economic and political institutions have changed, metropolitan areas have become key economic and political regions. Metropolitan areas include one or more urban areas, as well as satellite cities, towns and intervening rural areas that are socio-economically tied to the urban core, typically measured by commuting patterns.  - Monochrome describes paintings, drawings, design, or photographs in one color or values of one color. A monochromatic object or image reflects colors in shades of limited colors or hues. Images using only shades of grey (with or without black or white) are called grayscale or black-and-white. However, scientifically speaking, monochromatic light refers to visible light of a narrow band of wavelengths (see spectral color).  - BBC London is the BBC English Region producing local radio, television, teletext and online services in London and parts of the surrounding area. Its output includes the daily "BBC London News" and weekly "Sunday Politics" on television, the BBC Radio London radio station and local coverage of the London area on BBC Online and BBC Red Button. The region's headquarters are situated in the new eastern extension of Broadcasting House.  - A metropolitan borough is a type of local government district in England, and is a subdivision of a metropolitan county. Created in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972, metropolitan boroughs are defined in English law as metropolitan districts. However, all of them have been granted or regranted royal charters to give them borough status (as well as, in some cases, city status). Metropolitan boroughs have been effectively unitary authority areas since the abolition of the metropolitan county councils by the Local Government Act 1985. However, metropolitan boroughs pool much of their authority in joint boards and other arrangements that cover whole metropolitan counties, such as combined authorities.  - BBC Radio Berkshire is the BBC Local Radio service for the English county of Berkshire, North Hampshire, and South Oxfordshire. Radio Berkshire broadcasts on 94.6 (Henley-on-Thames), 95.4 (Windsor), 104.1 (Hannington) and 104.4 (Reading) FM from its studios at Caversham Park near Reading. The station is also available on DAB, Freeview, and through live streaming on the internet, also on demand for thirty days after broadcast through the BBC iPlayer.  - Midlands Today is the BBC's regional television news service for the West Midlands. It was launched in 1964 and is presented on alternating nights by Mary Rhodes or Nick Owen.  - Good Morning with Anne and Nick was a British daytime television show presented by Anne Diamond and Nick Owen . It was broadcast on BBC1 from October 1992 to May 1996 and directly competed with ITV 's This Morning . The show was broadcast from BBC 's Pebble Mill Studios in Birmingham . Both the presenters had previously presented TV - am , the breakfast franchise which ran before the start of the regional ITV programming .  - Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight. It can be an idea or a task, but is more likely to be one of the activities or events that have developed over thousands of years specifically for the purpose of keeping an audience's attention. Although people's attention is held by different things, because individuals have different preferences in entertainment, most forms are recognisable and familiar. Storytelling, music, drama, dance, and different kinds of performance exist in all cultures, were supported in royal courts, developed into sophisticated forms and over time became available to all citizens. The process has been accelerated in modern times by an entertainment industry that records and sells entertainment products. Entertainment evolves and can be adapted to suit any scale, ranging from an individual who chooses a private entertainment from a now enormous array of pre-recorded products; to a banquet adapted for two; to any size or type of party, with appropriate music and dance; to performances intended for thousands; and even for a global audience.  - Pebble Mill Studios was a television studio complex owned by the BBC located in Edgbaston, Birmingham, England. The nine acre site was opened by Princess Anne on 10 November 1971, and in addition to the studios contained two canteens, a post office, gardens, a seven storey office block, and an Outside Broadcasting (OB) base.  - Anne Margaret Diamond (born 8 September 1954) is an English radio and television presenter and journalist. She hosted "Good Morning Britain" for TV-am and the similarly titled "Good Morning... with Anne and Nick" for BBC One, both with Nick Owen as her co-presenter. Currently she presents a phone-in show on BBC Radio Berkshire on weekday mornings from 10:00 am to 1:00 pm and makes regular appearances airing her views as a panellist and stand-in presenter on "The Wright Stuff" on Channel 5 and BBC London, and is a regular columnist for the "Daily Mail".  - Breakfast Television (BT) is the branding used for morning shows broadcast by stations of Rogers Media's television network City. As of May 2015, versions of "BT" are broadcast in Toronto, Vancouver, Calgary, and Montreal); versions used to be broadcast in Winnipeg and Edmonton as well, but have been cancelled and replaced with alternative programming. The version broadcast by the Atlantic Satellite Network (which was owned by Citytv's former parent CHUM Limited, and is now owned by competitor Bell Media) continued to use the brand under licence from Rogers until 2011, when it was re-launched as "CTV Morning Live" upon its re-branding as CTV Two Atlantic.  - Nicholas "Nick" Corbishley Owen  (born 1 November 1947) is an English television presenter and newsreader, best known for presenting the breakfast television programme "TV-am" and the BBC's local news show "Midlands Today" since 1997. He is also the current chairman of Luton Town Football Club.  - Birmingham is a major city and metropolitan borough of West Midlands, England. It is the largest and most populous British city outside London, with a population in 2014 of 1,101,360. The city is in the West Midlands Built-up Area, the third most populous urban area in the United Kingdom, with a population of 2,440,986 at the 2011 census. Birmingham's metropolitan area is the second most populous in the UK with a population of 3.8 million. This also makes Birmingham the 9th most populous metropolitan area in Europe.  - The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster. It is headquartered at Broadcasting House in London, is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation, and is the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, with over 20,950 staff in total, of whom 16,672 are in public sector broadcasting; including part-time, flexible as well as fixed contract staff, the total number is 35,402.  - BBC One is the flagship television channel of the British Broadcasting Corporation in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and Channel Islands. It was launched on 2 November 1936 as the BBC Television Service, and was the world's first regular television service with a high level of image resolution. It was renamed BBC TV in 1960, using this name until the launch of sister channel BBC2 in 1964, whereupon the BBC TV channel became known as BBC1, with the current spelling adopted in 1997.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'original network' with the subject 'good morning with anne and nick'.  Choices: - bbc  - bbc one  - channel 5  - city  - etc  - itv  - one
The answer to this question is: