Buy Photo Henry Rayhons listens to testimony Friday in Hancock County District Court. (Photo: Tony Leys/The Register)Buy Photo 
  
 Donna Rayhons may have responded positively to her husband's hugs and kisses, but that doesn't prove she was mentally capable of consenting to sex, one of her doctors testified Monday. 
  
 The issue could be key to whether Henry Rayhons winds up being convicted of sexually abusing his wife, who was living in a nursing home here. 
  
 Dr. John Brady, who is medical director of Concord Care Center, testified that Donna Rayhons had severe dementia caused by Alzheimer's disease. He said any positive reaction to her husband's affectionate advances could be termed a "primal response," not a conscious decision to reciprocate. 
  
 MORE: Was Henry Rayhons a loving husband or selfish abuser? 
  
 Defense lawyer Joel Yunek pressed the doctor on the matter. "If the testimony is that Donna is happy to see Henry — hugs, smiles, they hold hands, they talk — would that indicate that she is in fact capable at that point of understanding the affection with Henry?" Yunek asked. 
  
 "No," Brady answered. He likened the situation to the instinctive response of a baby to affection shown by a mother. 
  
 The lawyer asked: "Isn't a primal response a decision that we make?" 
  
 No, the doctor said. "I don't believe an infant makes an informed decision." 
  
 CLOSE Witnesses testified to Donna Rayhons' mental state during trial proceedings Monday in Garner, Ia. 
  
 Brady is one of several healthcare professionals who have testified on behalf of the prosecution in the unusual trial. Henry Rayhons, 78, is charged with a felony for allegedly having sex with his wife last May after Brady determined she no longer had the mental capacity to consent. Rayhons, a former state legislator, has denied any wrongdoing in his actions toward his wife, who died last August. 
  
 Brady testified Monday that Donna Rayhons had declined rapidly in the months before the incident last May 23. He said she had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's based on several tests. One was a standard cognitive test, in which patients are asked simple questions, such as what day it is or whether they can repeat back three words that are spoken to them. By last May, Brady said, Donna Rayhons scored a zero on the test. Any score below eight signifies severe impairment, he said. 
  
 PREVIOUSLY: Henry Rayhons' stepchild denies that bitterness played a role 
  
 Two other doctors who testified for the prosecution Friday also said they were confident Donna Rayhons was suffering severe dementia due to Alzheimer's disease. 
  
 One of the doctors, neurologist Alireza Yarahmadi, disputed any notion that such an Alzheimer's patient could vary greatly in her ability to understand what was going on around her. "When they're severe, they're going to stay severe," Yarahmadi testified. 
  
 Yunek, the defense lawyer, has been suggesting that dementia patients have "good days and bad days," in which they're more or less capable of making decisions. Yunek also has suggested that even if they lose cognitive abilities, dementia patients maintain an emotional ability to reject activities, such as hugging or kissing. The neurologist disagreed with that idea. "They do have feelings, but they don't have good judgment," Yarahmadi said. 
  
 On Monday morning, the prosecution showed jurors security camera video from the night of the alleged incident. The silent, black-and-white video, shot in the nursing home's hallways, shows Donna Rayhons wandering around the hall. Then it shows Henry Rayhons walking into the facility and going into her room with her. He stays in the room about 28 minutes. Near the end of that time, a nurse's aide goes into the room, reportedly to answer a call light from Donna Rayhons' roommate. Prosecution witnesses have said the roommate was upset by sounds she heard from behind a curtain, which authorities contend were from sex. The defense denies the couple had sex. 
  
 This still photo, taken from a video from security cameras at the Concord Care Center in Garner, shows Rayhons dropping his wife’s underwear in a laundry cart after leaving her room last May 23. Prosecutors allege he was trying to hide evidence that he’d just had sex with his wife, but the defense lawyer has said Henry Rayhons often placed his wife’s dirty laundry in the hamper. (Photo: Special to the Register) 
  
 At the end of the video shown to jurors, Henry Rayhons comes out of the room, walks down the hall and drops something into a laundry cart. Nursing Director Laura Studer testified that a staff member later retrieved Donna Rayhons' underwear from the laundry. 
  
 Yunek said in his opening statement last week that his client often put his wife's dirty laundry in the cart, although prosecutors contend Henry Rayhons was trying to stash evidence of his misdeed. 
  
 Studer testified that the facility's staff called police about the incident. She said they are required by state law to report any suspicions of criminal activity in the facility. She denied that Donna Rayhons' daughters instigated the report. Yunek has said his client was at the losing end of a power struggle with two of his stepdaughters, who didn't like the way he wanted Donna to continue living as normal a life as possible. 
  
 In cross-examining prosecution witnesses Monday afternoon, Yunek tried to heighten doubts about whether the couple had sex that evening. 
  
 One of the witnesses was Luann Engels-Hepker, a Mason City nurse who specializes in examining sex abuse victims. She described how she performed a thorough examination on Donna Rayhons that night after the police chief brought the elderly woman to the hospital. Rayhons did not appear agitated, but also did not seem to understand what was going on, Engels-Hepker testified. Under Yunek's questioning, the nurse said she found no signs of physical injury, though she said that doesn't necessarily mean a person wasn't abused. It could just mean there wasn't a lot of force used, she said. 
  
 The jury also heard from former nursing home staff nurse Shari Dakin, who recounted how Donna Rayhons' roommate became distraught after the alleged incident. The roommate indicated Henry Rayhons had done something awful after pulling a curtain shielding his wife's bed from the roommate's view. "She said she just hated that man, just hated him," Dakin said. The roommate told staff members she knew what the sounds were. "I'm not stupid. I know what was going on behind that curtain," Dakin recalled her saying. 
  
 The defense lawyer asked Dakin if the roommate ever specifically said the sounds were from sex. "No," the nurse replied, "but she insinuated very strongly that's what it was." 
  
 Monday afternoon, the judge told jurors they would not be hearing testimony in the case Tuesday but the trial should resume Wednesday. Yunek told reporters afterward that the interruption was because of an emergency in his family. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1yoGZMp ||||| GARNER, Iowa – Concord Care Center staff continue their testimony in the trial of Henry Rayhons which includes the first look at surveillance footage from May 23, 2014. 
  
 Physicians and nurses from the Concord Care Center testified that Donna Rayhons, wife of former Iowa legislator, Henry Rayhons was in no place mentally to give consent to any sexual interactions with her husband. 
  
 Rayhons is on trial for allegedly engaging in a sex act with Donna, who had been diagnosed with dementia and deemed unfit to give consent. 
  
 Dr. John Brady was first to take the stand as the primary physician for the Concord Care Center. He described the downward decline of Donna’s mental state and her capacity for decision-making. 
  
 He says given Donna’s decreasing score on the BIMS (Brief Interview for Mental Status), he determined Donna lacked the cognitive ability to give consent to sex. 
  
 On May 15, during a care conference between Henry, staff and the daughters of Donna, the topic of sex between spouses was discussed briefly. In the document provided to all parties, the document asks, “Given Donna’s cognitive state, do you feel she is able to give consent for any sexual activity?” To which Dr. Brady writes, “no” and then later signs his initials. 
  
 Dr. Brady says in his 20 years of practicing medicine, this is the first time he has ever been asked to make a judgement about a person’s mental capacity to have sex with their spouse while in nursing home care. 
  
 Later, Laura Studer, Director of Nursing at the care facility gave her testimony on the events of May 23. After being made aware of an incident regarding Henry and Donna where sex may have been involved, she reviewed the surveillance tapes. 
  
 There, she says you can see Donna being redirected to her room by Henry, after she had wandered through the halls. Nearly 30 minutes later, Henry is seen leaving the room and walking down the hallway. He would stop and drop something, later discovered to be Donna’s underwear, in the laundry hamper. 
  
 Studer says outside of the concerns addressed by Donna’s roommate, no other care staff recalled anything out of the ordinary. It was only until Donna’s roommate alerted staff by saying, “I know what I heard, I’m not stupid.” From there staff began investigating what they believed to be sexual abuse. 
  
 Luanne Engels-Hepker, administered the sexual abuse exam on Donna and says that she was unable to find any secretions, or any evidence of damage to Donna’s vagina. 
  
 In cross-exam, Engels-Hepker says Donna was very cooperative and did not restrict the investigation in any way. 
  
 According to prosecutors, it was later discovered the same underwear thrown in the laundry hamper contained seminal fluid consistent with the DNA of Henry Rayhons. 
  
 Several nurses, care specialists and even a local police officer took to the stand to testify to Donna’s cognitive abilities. 
  
 Head charge nurse, Shari Dakin explained how Donna was often times, “in her own little world.” Others like nurse, Patricia Barrick illustrated the extent of Donna’s dementia by recalling an event when she met Donna for a meal. 
  
 “She was holding a sandwich like this and looking down and just shaking your head. What do I do? Not saying that, but just looking blankly at the food,” said Barrick. 
  
 Barrick says it was then that she began to notice a sharp decline in Donna’s cognitive functions. 
  
 For updates throughout trial, follow us on Twitter at @KIMTNews3 #rayhonstrial. You can also follow the link below for a full look at the surveillance video from May 23, 2014. ||||| Close Get email notifications on Deborah Brasier daily! 
  
 Your notification has been saved. 
  
 There was a problem saving your notification. 
  
 Whenever Deborah Brasier posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. 
  
 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. |||||

Write a summary.