Q:Information:  - Raja Ram Mohan Roy , also known as Rammohan Roy or Rammohun Roy , ( 22 May 1772 -- 27 September , 1833 ) was the founder of the Brahmo Sabha movement in 1828 , which engendered the Brahmo Samaj , an influential Bengali socio - religious reform movement . His influence was apparent in the fields of politics , public administration and education as well as religion . He is best known for his efforts to establish the abolishment of the practice of sati , the Hindu funeral practice in which the widow was compelled to sacrifice herself in her husband 's funeral pyre in some parts of Bengal . It was he who first introduced the word `` Hinduism '' into the English language in 1816 . For his diverse contributions to society , Raja Ram Mohan Roy is regarded as one of the most important figures in the Bengali renaissance . His efforts to protect Hinduism and Indian rights by participating in British government earned him the title `` The Father of the Indian Renaissance '' . The British government has named a street in memory of Ram Mohan Roy as `` Raja Rammohan Way '' .  - South Asia or Southern Asia is a term used to represent the southern region of the Asian continent, which comprises the sub-Himalayan SAARC countries and, for some authorities, adjoining countries to the west and east. Topographically, it is dominated by the Indian Plate, which rises above sea level as Nepal and northern parts of India situated south of the Himalayas and the Hindu Kush. South Asia is bounded on the south by the Indian Ocean and on land (clockwise, from west) by West Asia, Central Asia, East Asia, and Southeast Asia.  - Adi Dharm refers to the religion of Adi Brahmo Samaj the first development of Brahmoism and includes those Sadharan Brahmo Samajists who were reintegrated into Brahmoism after the 2nd schism of 1878 at the instance of Hemendranath Tagore. This was the first organised casteless movement in British India and reverberated from its heart of Bengal to Assam, Bombay State (modern Sindh, Maharashtra and Gujarat), Punjab and Madras, Hyderabad, and Bangalore.  - Education is the process of facilitating learning, or the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits. Educational methods include storytelling, discussion, teaching, training, and directed research. Education frequently takes place under the guidance of educators, but learners may also educate themselves. Education can take place in formal or informal settings and any experience that has a formative effect on the way one thinks, feels, or acts may be considered educational. The methodology of teaching is called pedagogy.  - The Bengali renaissance or simply Bengal renaissance was a cultural, social, intellectual and artistic movement in Bengal region of the Indian Subcontinent during the period of British rule, from the nineteenth century to the early twentieth century dominated by educated Brahmos and Bengali Hindus. The Bengal renaissance can be said to have started with Raja Ram Mohan Roy (17721833) and ended with Rabindranath Tagore (18611941), although there have been many stalwarts thereafter embodying particular aspects of the unique intellectual and creative output. Nineteenth-century Bengal was a unique blend of religious and social reformers, scholars, literary giants, journalists, patriotic orators and scientists, all merging to form the image of a renaissance, and marked the transition from the 'medieval' to the 'modern'.  - The Renaissance was a period in European history, from the 14th to the 17th century, regarded as the cultural bridge between the Middle Ages and modern history. It started as a cultural movement in Italy in the Late Medieval period and later spread to the rest of Europe, marking the beginning of the Early Modern Age.  - Brahmoism is a religious movement from the late 19th century Bengal originating the Bengali Renaissance, the nascent Indian independence movement and the wider Hindu reform movements of the period. Adherents, known as "Brahmos" (singular Brahmo), are mainly of Indian or Bangladeshi origin or nationality. The Brahmo Samaj, literally the "Divine Society", was founded as a movement by Ram Mohan Roy. Placing great importance on the use of reason, he aimed to reform Hindu religious and social practices, being influenced by the monotheistic religions and modern science.  - Public administration is the implementation of government policy and also an academic discipline that studies this implementation and prepares civil servants for working in the public service. As a "field of inquiry with a diverse scope" its "fundamental goal... is to advance management and policies so that government can function." Some of the various definitions which have been offered for the term are: "the management of public programs"; the "translation of politics into the reality that citizens see every day"; and "the study of government decision making, the analysis of the policies themselves, the various inputs that have produced them, and the inputs necessary to produce alternative policies."  - Hinduism is a religion, or a way of life, found most notably in India and Nepal. Hinduism has been called the oldest religion in the world, and some practitioners and scholars refer to it as "", "the eternal law," or the "eternal way," beyond human origins. Scholars regard Hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions, with diverse roots and no founder. This "Hindu synthesis" started to develop between 500 BCE and 300 CE following the Vedic period (1500 BCE to 500 BCE).  - Hemendranath Tagore (18441884), Debendranath Tagore's third son, is notable for being the first ever Brahmo as he was the first child born in 1844 to any of the 21 Brahmos who swore the First Brahmo Covenant on 21 December 1843 at Calcutta (now Kolkata). An intensely private person, he was also well known as the strict disciplinarian entrusted with the responsibility of looking after the education of his younger brothers in addition to being administrator for the large family estates of Debendranath's branch of Tagore family. While alive, he was also the constant spiritual companion to his father Debendranath Tagore who founded Brahmoism and, despite his extreme youth, acted as the channel between his father and the seniors of the "Tattwabodhini Sabha". At the time of the First Brahmo Schism of 1865 he was responsible for expelling the non-Brahmin workers from the Calcutta Brahmo Samaj. The Adi Dharm religion is founded exclusively on his philosophy and is today the largest development from Brahmoism with over 8 million adherents in India.  - Raja (also spelled Rajah, from Sanskrit  '), is a title for a Monarch or princely ruler in South and Southeast Asia. The female form Rani (sometimes spelled ranee) applies equally to the wife of a Raja (or of an equivalent style such as Rana), usually as queen consort and occasionally as regent.  - Lahore is the capital city of the Pakistani province of Punjab. It is the second largest and most populous city in Pakistan,and the 32nd most populous urban city in the world. The city is located in the north east part of Punjab province, near the border with India. Lahore is ranked as a world city, and is one of Pakistan's wealthiest cities with an estimated GDP of $58.14 billion (PPP) as of 2014.  - Hindu refers to any person who regards themselves as culturally, ethnically, or religiously adhering to aspects of Hinduism. It has historically been used as a geographical, cultural, rather than a religious identifier for people indigenous to South Asia.  - Bengal (bgl; Bengali: ,  and ) is a region in Asia which is located in the eastern part of the Indian subcontinent at the apex of the Bay of Bengal. Geographically, it is made up by the Ganges-Brahmaputra delta system, the largest such formation in the world; along with mountains in its north (bordering the Himalayan states) and east (bordering Northeast India and Burma).  - Rabindranath Tagore FRAS, also written Ravndrantha Thkura (7 May 1861  7 August 1941), sobriquet Gurudev, was a Bengali polymath who reshaped Bengali literature and music, as well as Indian art with Contextual Modernism in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Author of "Gitanjali" and its "profoundly sensitive, fresh and beautiful verse", he became the first non-European to win the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1913. Sometimes referred to as "the Bard of Bengal", Tagore's poetry was viewed as spiritual and mercurial; however, his "elegant prose and magical poetry" remain largely unknown outside Bengal.  - Rani (Nepali / Sanskrit / Hindi: ), sometimes spelled Ranee, is a Hindu/Sanskrit feminine given name, which means "duchess," "queen", or "sovereign". The term is the female form of the term for princely rulers in Southeast Asia and applies equally to the wife of a Raja or Rana.   - Politics (from Greek: Politiká: P"olitika", definition "affairs of the cities") is the process of making decisions applying to all members of each group. More narrowly, it refers to achieving and exercising positions of governance  organized control over a human community, particularly a state. Furthermore, politics is the study or practice of the distribution of power and resources within a given community (a usually hierarchically organized population) as well as the interrelationship(s) between communities.  - Brahmo Samaj (Bengali   "Bramho Shômaj") is the societal component of Brahmoism, a monotheistic reformist and renaissance movement of Hindu religion. It is practised today mainly as the Adi Dharm after its eclipse in Bengal consequent to the exit of the Tattwabodini Sabha from its ranks in 1859. After the publication of Hemendranath Tagore's Brahmo "Anusthan" (code of practice) in 1860 which formally divorced Brahmoism from Hinduism, the first Brahmo Samaj was founded in 1861 at Lahore by Pandit Nobin Chandra Roy.  - Belief is the state of mind in which a person thinks something to be the case, with or without there being empirical evidence to prove that something is the case with factual certainty. Another way of defining belief sees it as a mental representation of an attitude positively oriented towards the likelihood of something being true. In the context of Ancient Greek thought, two related concepts were identified with regards to the concept of belief: "pistis" and "doxa". Simplified, we may say that "pistis" refers to "trust" and "confidence", while "doxa" refers to "opinion" and "acceptance". The English word "orthodoxy" derives from "doxa". Jonathan Leicester suggests that belief has the purpose of guiding action rather than indicating truth.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'ram mohan roy' exhibits the relationship of 'ethnic group'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - asia  - bengali hindus  - brahmin  - british  - europe  - european  - giants  - greek  - gujarat  - hindu  - india  - pakistani
A: