Article:
'Amy and I loved each other in an unhealthy, co-dependent way,' says Winehouse's ex-husband Blake Fielder-Civil 
  
  
  
 By Alanah Eriksen 
  
  
  
 Last updated at 11:01 PM on 31st July 2011 
  
 Amy Winehouse's ex-husband has revealed his relationship with the singer was 'unhealthy and co-dependent' because they always fought over drugs. 
  
 Black Fielder-Civil, who was not granted a short release from jail to attend the singer's funeral, opened up for a documentary to screen on Thursday. 
  
 He said: 'We loved each other intensely and probably in a really unhealthy co-dependent way and we probably called it all sorts of things, passionate, fiery and whatever but sexually it was spot-on, I guess. 
  
 'You can’t have a relationship and be a heroin addict, you can’t. If you don’t have access to money you’re going out thieving and you’re going to be in jail half the time, it’s not a way to live. 
  
 Happier times: Amy Winehouse and her ex-husband Blake Fielder-Civil seen laughing and joking in 2007 
  
 'You can’t sustain love for each other when you’re constantly fighting over a bit of gear.' 
  
 Blake, 32, denied claims he was responsible for the singer's spiral into drugs but admitted he was there the first time Amy took heroin. 
  
 'She took to it like a duck to water, the same as me,' he said. 
  
 'It is what it is for a reason, it’s an addictive thing and it makes you feel good. I can’t say how she felt but if it was anything like me then yes, she seemed to enjoy it.' 
  
 Toxic: Blake revealed Amy had self-harmed after she saw him doing the same whille the pair argued at a hotel in London 
  
 The grieving addict, who was married to Amy for two years before they divorced in 2009, said he was still in regular contact with the the star. 
  
 She had even called him a day before she died to beg him to let her visit. 
  
 He also revealed in Amy Winehouse : The Untold Story - to screen on Channel 5 on Thursday - what had happened when the couple were pictured roaming Soho covered in blood in 2007. 
  
  
  
 'We had a mad argument, we was out of our nuts and I smashed a bottle and took a chunk out of myself. 
  
  
  
 'She just looked at me and out of fear or love or whatever it was and, out of some weird sense of loyalty, she did the same thing to herself. I was quite pissed off and I said ‘What the f**k’!'' 
  
 Fiery couple: The pair went everywhere together before they divorced in 2009 
  
  
  
 Blake is currently serving 32 months in Armley Prison, Leeds, for breaking into a house with a fake gun. 
  
 Meanwhile, one of Amy's friends, glamour model Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace, has revealed Amy dreamed of marrying boyfriend Reg Traviss, 35, and having children. 
  
 She told The People : 'She would ­always tell me that she wanted nothing more than to be a housewife 
  
 Strong friendship: Amy with her glamour model pal Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace, who revealed the singer wanted to marry her boyfriend Reg Traviss 
  
 'She wanted to have children and stay at home and look after them. 
  
 'The fame didn’t bother her, she didn’t crave that, she was about the love of music. 
  
 Grieving: Aisleyne says Amy wanted to marry her boyfriend Reg Traviss, seen here outside Amy's house after her death 
  
 'Whether it was in front of millions or it was just in a local pub, she was just happy performing and what she really wanted was to have a family. 
  
  
  
 'She loved Reg and hoped she would spend the rest of her life with him. Reg was great for her, he was a positive in her life, we all thought so – her friends, family and record ­company bosses. 
  
  
  
 'It is so awful she died just when she had sorted things out and was in the happiest place I had ever seen her.' 
  
  
  
 Aisleyne did not attend Amy's funeral and has been accused of partying with her days before she died. 
  
 'I am now saying goodbye to Amy in my own way. 
  
  
  
 'I was told there wasn’t enough space at the funeral but then her parents thought I was out partying with her in the days before she died. 
  
  
  
 'I wasn’t. I hadn’t seen Amy for a good few weeks before she died. 
  
  
  
 'I am doing this interview so people remember Amy the way I do. 
  
  
  
 'I want to grieve for my friend, who had a huge heart and is the best artist of my lifetime.' 
  
 Aisleyne was seen curled in a ball crying outside Amy's flat after receiving the news of her death. 
  
 She has since appeared on This Morning where she revealed she had recieved 'vile' messages of abuse following the claims she had encourage Amy. 
  
  
  
 Distraught: Aisleyne broke down in tears outside Amy's home after receiving the news of her death 
  
 In the latest interview, Aisleyne also revealed Amy's day-to-day habits. 
  
 She said her favourite TV programme was Countdown - and she always beat the clock - but she also enjoyed EastEnders. 
  
  
  
 She enjoyed spicy food and liked doner kebabs and chips from her local takeaway shop. 
  
  
  
 Amy was an animal lover and at one time had five kittens living with her, Aisleyne said. 
  
  
  
 But she didn't have a typical routine. 
  
  
  
 'She would get up when she was ready, have a bit of breakfast and then start writing,' the former Big Brother star said. 
  
  ||||| Breaking up with Blake: Amy Winehouse to release album from beyond the grave charting turbulent split from husband 
  
 By Lara Gould 
  
  
  
 Last updated at 12:32 PM on 31st July 2011 
  
 Her first two albums charted her rise from obscurity and her struggle to find love with the man who would become her husband. 
  
 Now Amy Winehouse's posthumous third album will give a blow-by-blow account of the tumultuous years that followed, telling of the marriage and divorce from drug addict Blake Fielder-Civil. 
  
  
  
 It maps her decline into alcohol and drug addiction that contributed to her death last Saturday. 
  
 Lovers: Blake Fielder-Civil with Amy Winehouse pictured in 2007 
  
 A spokesman for Amy's family said that throughout last year she had been working on a follow-up to her last release, 2006's critically acclaimed Back To Black. 
  
 'Amy always had a notebook on her and would write down lyrics and ideas,' he said. 'People who have heard the new songs say that they are very, very good and that they are as autobiographical as ever. 
  
 'The period after 2006 was when Amy went through the most emotional upheaval, with Blake going to prison and then their divorce.' 
  
 Fielder-Civil, 33, was jailed for seven months in 2008 after an attack on a pub landlord. The two-year marriage ended in divorce in 2009. 
  
 'In loving memory': A bottle of Vodka is left among the tributes outside the home of Amy Winehouse after the singer died yesterday of a suspected drug overdose 
  
 'Your in our hearts': Tributes tied to the fence near Winehouse's Camden home 
  
 Amy, who died aged 27 at her £1.8 million North London home, had been working on the third album with Miami-based producer Salaam Remi throughout the last year. She had recorded up to a dozen songs during a working trip to Jamaica. 
  
 Most of the songs are demos, for which Amy penned lyrics and laid down a backing track. Sources said it was likely they would be released next year, using Amy's vocals or contributions from friends, with proceeds going to a charity set up by her father Mitch to help others struggling with addiction. 
  
 Mr Remi, who co-produced Back To Black, said the new album was still a 'work in progress'. 
  
 Heyday: Since her death, Winehouse's second album, Back To Black, has topped the charts in 17 countries 
  
 Meanwhile, Amy is said to have been worth £6 million when she died, much of it in companies overseen by her father. Industry insiders now put that fortune at £10 million – and rising – because of lucrative tours before her death and sales after it. 
  
  
  
 One said: 'We are seeing the creation of an international cult around Amy. The fortune it creates could top £60 million or more.' 
  
 Since her death, Back To Black has topped the iTunes charts in 17 countries. 
  
  ||||| THE fixer who says he met Amy Winehouse the night before she died claimed yesterday he was terrified of the “Mr Big” drug dealer he hooked her up with. 
  
 Tony Azzopardi is due to be re-interviewed by detectives today after alleging he took the troubled singer to buy crack cocaine and heroin. 
  
 The 56-year-old, who says he became friends with Amy, 27, through her former husband Blake Fielder-Civil, has promised to do all he can to help police piece together her final hours. 
  
 Tony Azzopardi 
  
 He said: “I want Amy’s family to know the truth about what happened. I want to help them out – but I’m worried about my safety.” 
  
 He said he was nervous about possible “comebacks” from the dealer, describing him as a local “Mr Big” in the Camden area of North London. 
  
 Several people claim to have seen Amy outside Camden bar The Good Mixer a week ago on Friday evening, the night before she was found dead. 
  
 Azzopardi claims she pulled alongside him in a black cab as he walked near a pub called The Eagle at 11.30pm. 
  
 He says she asked him to help her buy drugs and they went in the taxi to West Hampstead, where he made a call to a dealer from a phone box. 
  
 As they waited, he says Amy told him she was annoyed that Fielder-Civil had been ringing her from prison, and “hassling” her. 
  
 Azzopardi said the dealer, who he claims was known to Amy, arrived in a car and handed over drugs. He says she paid £1,200 for half an ounce of crack and the same of heroin. 
  
 Later, he says, she dropped him off in nearby Archway before she went home in the early hours of Saturday. Amy was found at 4pm that day. Police said they found no evidence of drugs or drug ­paraphenalia in her home. 
  
 Doctors revealed she had been dead for several hours. 
  
 Azzopardi, who has a long list of convictions and a history of drink and drug abuse, said: “When Amy dropped me off, she gave me a kiss on the cheek and that was it – the last time I saw her.” 
  
 He added: “She looked good, you know, fit – like she’d been clean for a while and filled out a bit. I couldn’t believe it when I found out she was gone.” 
  
 But the Winehouse family last night said they were not convinced his account fitted with Amy’s movements. 
  
 They believe she died of a seizure or heart attack because her body couldn’t handle the shock of quitting booze and going “cold turkey”. 
  
 Amy’s dad Mitch, 60, says she stayed at home and played drums on the eve of the tragedy. He told at her funeral how she had weaned herself off drugs and was making a “fantastic recovery”. 
  
 A postmortem proved inconclusive and it will be some weeks before results of toxicology tests may reveal the cause of death. 
  
 Tim Bittlestone, of solicitors Leslie Franks, said: “Myself and Azzopardi attended Kentish Town police station. We will speak to them again on Monday.” 
  
 The Met police refused to comment. |||||Summary: