Answer the following question: Information:  - London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom, as well as the most populous city proper in the European Union. Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain, London has been a major settlement for two millennia. It was founded by the Romans, who named it "Londinium". London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its medieval boundaries. Since at least the 19th century, "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which today largely makes up Greater London, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.  - Michael Kevin "Mick" Taylor (born 17 January 1949) is an English musician, best known as a former member of John Mayall's Bluesbreakers (196669) and The Rolling Stones (196974). He has appeared on some of the Stones' classic albums including "Let It Bleed", "Sticky Fingers" and "Exile on Main St.". Since resigning from the Rolling Stones in December 1974, Taylor has worked with numerous other artists and released several solo albums. From November 2012 onwards he has participated in the Stones' "Reunion shows" in London and Newark and in the band's 50 & Counting World Tour, which included North America, Glastonbury Festival and Hyde Park in 2013. The band decided to continue in 2014 with concerts in the UAE, Far East & Australia and Europe for the 14 On Fire tour. He was ranked 37th in "Rolling Stone" magazine's 2011 list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time. Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash states that Taylor had the biggest influence on him.  - Lewis Brian Hopkin Jones (28 February 1942  3 July 1969) was an English musician, the founder and the original leader of The Rolling Stones.  - Universal Music Group, Inc. (also known as Universal Music Group Recordings, Inc. and abbreviated as UMG) is an American-French global music corporation that is a subsidiary of the Paris-based French media conglomerate Vivendi. UMG's global corporate headquarters are in Santa Monica, California.  - ABKCO Music & Records, Inc. (ABKCO acronym of Allen & Betty Klein and COmpany) is an American major independent record label, music publisher, and film and video production company. It owns and or administers the rights to music by Sam Cooke, the Rolling Stones, the Animals, Herman's Hermits, Marianne Faithfull, the Kinks as well as the Cameo Parkway label, which includes recordings by such artists as Chubby Checker, Bobby Rydell, the Orlons, the Dovells, Question Mark & the Mysterians, the Tymes and Dee Dee Sharp. Until 2009, ABKCO administered Philles Records and its master recordings, including hits by the Righteous Brothers, the Ronettes, the Crystals and others (via a licensing deal with EMI Music Publishing, which owned the Philles catalog since the mid-1990s).  - Keith Richards (born 18 December 1943) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, best-selling memoirist and founding member of the rock band The Rolling Stones. "Rolling Stone Magazine" credited Richards for "rock's greatest single body of riffs" on guitar and ranked him 4th on its list of 100 best guitarists. Fourteen songs that Richards wrote with the Rolling Stones' lead vocalist Mick Jagger are listed among "Rolling Stone" magazine's "500 Greatest Songs of All Time". The Stones are generally known for their guitar interplay of rhythm and lead ("weaving") between Richards and Brian Jones, Mick Taylor and Ronnie Wood over the years. In spite of this, Richards plays the only guitar tracks on some of their most famous songs including "Paint It Black", "Ruby Tuesday", "Sympathy for the Devil", "Gimme Shelter", and "Angie."  - Ronald David "Ronnie" Wood (born 1 June 1947) is an English rock musician, singer, songwriter, artist and radio personality best known as a member of The Rolling Stones since 1975, as well as a member of Faces and the Jeff Beck Group.  - The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962. The original line-up consisted of Brian Jones (rhythm guitar, harmonica), Mick Jagger (lead vocals), Keith Richards (lead guitar, backing vocals), Ian Stewart (piano), Bill Wyman (bass) and Charlie Watts (drums). Stewart was removed from the official line-up in 1963 but continued as a touring member until his death in 1985. Jones left the band less than a month prior to his death in 1969, having already been replaced by Mick Taylor, who remained until 1974. After Taylor left the band, Ronnie Wood took his place in 1975 and has been on guitar in tandem with Richards ever since. Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones joined as their touring bassist. Other touring keyboardists for the band have been Nicky Hopkins (196782), Billy Preston (through the mid 1970s) and Chuck Leavell (1982-present). The band was first led by Jones, but after teaming as the band's songwriters, Jagger and Richards assumed leadership while Jones dealt with legal and personal troubles.  - No Security is a live album by The Rolling Stones released by Virgin Records in 1998. Recorded over the course of the lengthy 19971998 worldwide Bridges to Babylon Tour, it is the band's sixth official full-length live release. It was not reissued by UMe when Universal reissued the 19712005 back catalogue.  - William George Wyman (born 24 October 1936), born as William George Perks Jr., is an English musician, record producer, songwriter and singer, best known as the bass guitarist for the English rock and roll band The Rolling Stones from 1962 until 1993. Since 1997, he has recorded and toured with his own band, Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings. He has worked producing both records and film, and has scored music for film in movies and television.  - Sir Michael Philip "Mick" Jagger (born 26 July 1943) is an English singer, songwriter, actor and, the lead singer and a co-founder of the Rolling Stones.  - The Licks Tour was a worldwide concert tour undertaken by The Rolling Stones during 2002 and 2003, in support of their 40th anniversary compilation album "Forty Licks". The tour grossed over $300 million, becoming the second highest grossing tour at that time, behind their own Voodoo Lounge Tour of 19941995.  - The Voodoo Lounge Tour was a worldwide concert tour by The Rolling Stones to promote their 1994 album "Voodoo Lounge". This was their first tour without bassist Bill Wyman, and their first with touring bassist Darryl Jones. The tour grossed $320 million, replacing Pink Floyd's "Division Bell" tour as the highest grossing of any artist at that time. This was subsequently overtaken by a few other tours, but it remains The Rolling Stones' second highest grossing tour behind their 20052007 A Bigger Bang Tour.  - Forty Licks is a double compilation album by The Rolling Stones. A 40-year career-spanning retrospective, "Forty Licks" is notable for being the first retrospective to combine their formative Decca/London era of the 1960s, now licensed by ABKCO Records (on disc one), with their self-owned post-1970 material, distributed at the time by Virgin/EMI but now distributed by ABKCO's own distributor Universal Music Group (on mostly disc two). Four new songs are included on the second disc. Concurrently with the album's release, the Stones embarked on the successful, year-long international Licks Tour, which would result in "Live Licks" in 2004.  - Bridges to Babylon is the 21st British and 23rd American studio album by British rock band The Rolling Stones, released by Virgin Records on 29 September 1997. It would prove to be the band's final studio album of the 1990s and their last full-length release of new songs until 2005's "A Bigger Bang". Released as a double album on vinyl and a single CD, the album was supported by the year-long worldwide Bridges to Babylon Tour that met with much success.  - Charles Robert "Charlie" Watts (born 2 June 1941) is an English drummer, best known as a member of The Rolling Stones. Originally trained as a graphic artist, he started playing drums in Londons rhythm and blues clubs, where he met Brian Jones, Mick Jagger, and Keith Richards. In 1963, he joined their group, the Rolling Stones, as drummer, while doubling as designer of their record sleeves and tour stages. He has also toured with his own group, the Charlie Watts Quintet, and appeared at Londons prestigious jazz-club Ronnie Scotts with the Charlie Watts Tentet.  - Nicholas Christian "Nicky" Hopkins (24 February 1944  6 September 1994) was an English pianist and organist. Hopkins recorded and performed on many notable British and American pop and rock music releases from the 1960s through the 1990s including many songs by the Rolling Stones.  - The Bridges to Babylon Tour was a worldwide concert tour by The Rolling Stones. Staged in support of their album "Bridges to Babylon", the tour visited stadiums from 1997 to 1998. It grossed over $274 million, becoming the second-highest-grossing tour at that time, behind their own Voodoo Lounge Tour of 19941995. The Bridges to Babylon Tour was followed by 1999's No Security Tour.  - William Everett "Billy" Preston (September 2, 1946  June 6, 2006) was an American musician whose work included R&B, rock, soul, funk and gospel. A virtuoso keyboardist, particularly on Hammond organ, Preston was recognized as a top session musician in the 1960s, during which he backed artists such as Little Richard, Sam Cooke, Ray Charles and the Beatles. He then went on to achieve fame as a solo artist, with hit pop singles including "That's the Way God Planned It", "Outa-Space", "Will It Go Round in Circles", "Space Race", and "Nothing from Nothing". In addition, Preston co-wrote "You Are So Beautiful", which became a number 5 hit for Joe Cocker; Stephen Stills asked Preston if he could use his phrase "if you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with" and created the hit song.  - Live Licks is a double live album by The Rolling Stones and was released in 2004 . Coming six years after No Security , this seventh official Rolling Stones full - length live release captures performances from the band 's year - long 2002 -- 2003 Licks Tour in support of their career - spanning retrospective Forty Licks .  - EMI (officially EMI Group Limited, originally an initialism for Electric and Musical Industries and often known as EMI Records and EMI Music) was a British multinational conglomerate founded in March 1931 and was based in London. At the time of its break-up in 2012, it was the fourth-largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry and was one of the big four record companies (now the big three). Its EMI Records Ltd. group of record labels included EMI Records, Parlophone, Virgin Records and Capitol Records. EMI also had a major publishing arm, EMI Music Publishingalso based in London with offices globally.    What entity does 'live licks' has the relation 'record label' with?
Answer: