Given the question: Information:  - The Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut (previously known as "Filmfare Award for New Face of the Year") is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films to recognise a performance by a female actor in a debut role.  - Literature, in its broadest sense, is any single body of written works. More restrictively, it is writing considered as an art form, or any single writing deemed to have artistic or intellectual value, often due to deploying language in ways that differ from ordinary usage. Its Latin root "literatura"/"litteratura" (derived itself from "littera": "letter" or "handwriting") was used to refer to all written accounts, though contemporary definitions extend the term to include texts that are spoken or sung (oral literature). Literature can be classified according to whether it is fiction or non-fiction and whether it is poetry or prose; it can be further distinguished according to major forms such as the novel, short story or drama; and works are often categorized according to historical periods or their adherence to certain aesthetic features or expectations (genre).  - Communication (from Latin "commnicre", meaning "to share") is the act of conveying intended meanings from one entity or group to another through the use of mutually understood signs and semiotic rules.  - Writing is a medium of human communication that represents language and emotion through the inscription or recording of signs and symbols. In most languages, writing is a complement to speech or spoken language. Writing is not a language but a form of technology that developed as tools developed with human society. Within a language system, writing relies on many of the same structures as speech, such as vocabulary, grammar and semantics, with the added dependency of a system of signs or symbols. The result of writing is generally called "text", and the recipient of text is called a reader. Motivations for writing include publication, storytelling, correspondence and diary. Writing has been instrumental in keeping history, maintaining culture, dissemination of knowledge through the media and the formation of legal systems.  - The Epic of Gilgamesh is an epic poem from ancient Mesopotamia that is often regarded as the earliest surviving great work of literature. The literary history of Gilgamesh begins with five Sumerian poems about 'Bilgamesh' (Sumerian for 'Gilgamesh'), king of Uruk, dating from the Third Dynasty of Ur (circa 2100 BC). These independent stories were later used as source material for a combined epic. The first surviving version of this combined epic, known as the "Old Babylonian" version, dates to the 18th century BC and is titled after its "incipit", Shtur eli sharr ("Surpassing All Other Kings"). Only a few tablets of it have survived. The later "Standard" version dates from the 13th to the 10th centuries BC and bears the "incipit" Sha naqba muru ("He who Saw the Deep", in modern terms: "He who Sees the Unknown"). Approximately two thirds of this longer, twelve-tablet version have been recovered. Some of the best copies were discovered in the library ruins of the 7th-century BC Assyrian king Ashurbanipal.  - Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana (English: "If you wish you want to come, Will I say no?") is a 2005 Telugu romantic comedy film, starring Siddharth and Trisha Krishnan. It marks the directorial debut of Prabhu Deva. The soundtrack was composed by Devi Sri Prasad. The film is inspired by "Maine Pyar Kiya" and the Hollywood movie "Son In Law". The film won eight Filmfare Awards South and five Nandi Awards. The film was remade in 7 languages- highest for an Indian movie - namely in Tamil as "Something Something... Unakkum Enakkum" (2006), in Kannada as "Neenello Naanalle" (2006), in Indian Bengali as "I Love You" (2007), in Odia as "Suna Chadhei Mo Rupa Chadhei" (2009), in Bangladeshi Bengali as "Nissash Amar Tumi" (2010), in Hindi as "Ramaiya Vastavaiya" (2013), and in Nepali as "Flash Back: Farkera Herda"(2010).  - Telugu cinema, also known by its sobriquet Tollywood, is a part of Indian cinema producing films in the Telugu language, based in the Hyderabad neighbourhood of Film Nagar in the Indian states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Since 1909, filmmaker Raghupathi Venkaiah Naidu was involved in many aspects of Indian cinema's history, like producing short films and travelling to different regions in Asia to promote film work. In 1921, he produced the first Telugu silent film, "Bhishma Pratigna". He is cited as the father of Telugu cinema.  - Maha Sankranthi Raju (known as M. S. Raju) is an Indian film producer, known for his works in commercial Telugu cinema. He won 3 Filmfare Awards, becoming the first Indian producer to receive three consecutive Filmfare Awards, for the films "Okkadu", "Varsham", and "Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana". He also produced blockbusters like "Shatruvu", "Devi", "Manasantha Nuvve", and "Nee Sneham".  - Ileana D'Cruz (born 1 November 1986) is an Indian film actress, who predominantly appears in Telugu cinema and Bollywood. She won the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut  South for the 2006 Telugu film "Devadasu. "She has appeared in hits such as "Pokiri" (2006), "Jalsa" (2008), "Kick" (2009) and "Julayi" (2012), establishing herself as one of Telugu cinema's leading actresses. D'Cruz made her Kollywood debut with "Kedi" and made a comeback in Shankar's "Nanban" (2012).   - Bollywood is the sobriquet for India's Hindi language film industry, based in the city of Mumbai, Maharashtra. It is more formally referred to as Hindi cinema. The term "Bollywood" is often used by non-Indians as a synecdoche to refer to the whole of Indian cinema; however, Bollywood proper is only a part of the larger Indian film industry, which includes other production centres producing films in many other Indian languages.  - Translation is the communication of the meaning of a source-language text by means of an equivalent target-language text. While interpretingthe facilitating of oral or sign-language communication between users of different languagesantedates writing, translation began only after the appearance of written literature. There exist partial translations of the Sumerian "Epic of Gilgamesh" (ca. 2000 BCE) into Southwest Asian languages of the second millennium BCE.  - Jalsa (English translation: "Fun") is a 2008 Telugu action comedy film directed by Trivikram Srinivas and produced by Allu Aravind, under the Geetha Arts banner. The film stars Pawan Kalyan, Ileana D'Cruz and Parvati Melton in pivotal roles. The soundtrack of the film, composed by Devi Sri Prasad, was launched on 29 February 2008. The film was originally scheduled to be released on 27 March 2008, but because of delays in the digital intermediate (DI) process, the film was released on 2 April 2008 and became successful at the Tollywood Box office. The movie was dubbed in Hindi as "Yeh Hai Jalsa". "Jalsa" was released with 400 prints in 800 theaters across 1000 screens worldwide on 2 April 2008. "Jalsa" collected (Share) in 100 days and turned out to be biggest grosser of the year.  - Aata ( translation : Game ) is a 2007 Telugu film starring Siddharth Narayan and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles . M. S. Raju produced this film while V. N. Aditya directed the project . This film was released on 9 May 2007 . The film was remade in Bengali as Kellafate .  - Nee Sneham is a 2002 film directed by Paruchuri Murali and produced by M S Raju. The film stars Uday Kiran, Aarti Agarwal and Jatin Grewal. The film was a moderate hit and well received by family audience. The screenplay and music tracks of the movie are highlights and stud for the movie success. The music given by R P Patnaik was critical for the movie.It was remade in Bengali as Premi.Uday Kiran nominate second time Filmfare Best Actor Award (Telugu) for his excellent natural & emotional performance. Plot. The film opens with Madhav (Late Uday Kiran) and Sreenu (Jatin Grewal) playing a football cup final in Kolkata. Madhav and Sreenu are best friends, football players, and neighbours. Subsequently, the team wins the cup.  - Dev is the Sanskrit word for "goddess"; the masculine form is Deva. Devi  the feminine form, and Deva  the masculine form, mean "heavenly, divine, anything of excellence", and are also gender specific terms for a deity in Hinduism.  - Language is the ability to acquire and use complex systems of communication, particularly the human ability to do so, and a language is any specific example of such a system. The scientific study of language is called linguistics. Questions concerning the philosophy of language, such as whether words can represent experience, have been debated since Gorgias and Plato in Ancient Greece. Thinkers such as Rousseau have argued that language originated from emotions while others like Kant have held that it originated from rational and logical thought. 20th-century philosophers such as Wittgenstein argued that philosophy is really the study of language. Major figures in linguistics include Ferdinand de Saussure and Noam Chomsky.  - Filmfare is an English-language, tabloid-sized magazine about Hindi-language cinema, popularly known as Bollywood. Established in 1952, the magazine is published by Worldwide Media, a subsidiary of The Times Group, India's largest media services conglomerate. "Filmfare" is one of the most popular entertainment magazine in India. Since 1954, it gives popular film awards the annual Filmfare Awards and Filmfare Awards South.  - The Filmfare Best Female Debut is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for South Indian films.  - Okkadu ("The One") is a 2003 Telugu action film written, and directed by Gunasekhar. It stars Mahesh Babu, Bhoomika Chawla, and Prakash Raj. Music was composed by Mani Sharma and editing was helmed by A. Sreekar Prasad. M.S. Raju produced this film. The film has garnered eight Nandi Awards and four Filmfare Awards South, including Filmfare Award for Best Film  Telugu, and led Mahesh Babu to instant stardom. The film was later remade into the Tamil as "Ghilli" which became a blockbuster. The film was also remade in Bengali titled "Jor", and in Hindi as "Tevar" starring Arjun Kapoor and Sonakshi Sinha, Kannada as Ajay. The film was also dubbed in Hindi as "Aaj ka Sharifzaada".    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'aata' exhibits the relationship of 'genre'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - action  - action comedy film  - art  - bollywood  - comedy  - comedy film  - communication  - correspondence  - culture  - drama  - epic  - family  - gender  - hindi  - history  - india  - letter  - linguistics  - literature  - magazine  - march  - music  - philosophy  - poem  - poetry  - prose  - romantic  - screenplay  - share  - silent film  - society  - study  - technology  - will
The answer is: