News article:

Police say they're closer than ever to solving the mysterious disappearance of Sheila and Katherine Lyon, the young sisters who vanished almost 40 years ago from a suburban Washington, D.C., shopping center. 
  
 Lloyd Lee Welch, a 58-year-old convicted sex offender who authorities named as a person of interest last year, has implicated not only himself, but also an uncle and a cousin, according to newly released police documents. 
  
 Welch told detectives he saw his uncle sexually assault one of the girls the day after they were kidnapped, according to the documents. The documents also reveal investigators have been searching for the girls' bodies in rural southwest Virginia, where Welch's family owns property. 
  
 "Lloyd Welch has admitted he left Wheaton Plaza in a vehicle with the Lyon sisters on the day they disappeared," police say in the documents. 
  
 Sheila Lyon, 12, and her 10-year-old sister, Katherine, were last seen inside Wheaton Plaza, a popular shopping center in the Maryland suburbs, on March 25, 1975. The girls were on spring break from school and reportedly went to look at Easter exhibits. They had about $4 between them. They had been told by their parents, prominent radio disc jockey John Lyon and his wife Mary, to return home by 4 p.m., according to a March 25, 1980, article in The Washington Post. 
  
 Around 2 p.m. that day, the girls were spotted by witnesses at a pizza shop. What happened after that has remained a painful mystery. 
  
 Lloyd Welch, according to police, said he was with the girls that day in a car with his uncle, Richard Welch Sr., now 69, and a cousin, Thomas Welch Jr., who was 10 in 1975. Lloyd Welch told investigators he was dropped off near his home and his uncle and cousin drove off with the girls, according to the documents. 
  
 "Lloyd Welch stated that the following day he went to the home of Richard Welch and observed Richard Welch having sexual intercourse with one of the Lyon sisters," the court documents allege. "Lloyd Welch claims that he left the residence and never saw the Lyon sisters again." 
  
 Lloyd Welch told police he had nothing to do with "killing those girls." Richard Welch has declined to comment to reporters. His daughter told The Washington Post the allegations are a lie and "my dad would never do something like that." 
  
 No one has been charged in the case. 
  
 Lloyd Welch told police he doesn't know where the sisters are buried, the documents say. A search warrant alleges Lloyd Welch told a fellow inmate in Delaware, where Welch is serving time for sexually assaulting a 10-year-old girl, that he had kidnapped the Lyon sisters and buried them on family property in Virginia. 
  
 CASE PHOTOS: (Story Continues Below) 
  
 The Lyon Sisters 
  
 The Lyon Sisters 
  
 1 of 12 Lloyd Lee Welch A 1977 police mug shot of Lloyd Welch, also known as Michael Welch. Share this slide: 
  
 Montgomery County Police Department 
  
 Lloyd Welch was 18 in 1975, a drifter and carnival worker who had spent time in the Maryland suburbs and was known to investigators working the Lyon sisters' case, according to The Washington Post. A fresh look at the cold case file in recent years renewed interest in him. 
  
 The release of the court documents come four months after Maryland's Montgomery County Police Department named Richard Welch Sr. a "person of interest" in the girls' disappearance, joining Lloyd Welch with that distinction. At the time, Assistant Chief Russ Hamill said "investigative efforts" had led to the interest in Richard Welch Sr. 
  
 Hamill also revealed that authorities had been searching in Bedford County, Virginia, where the Welch family owns property -- about 200 miles from Wheaton Plaza. 
  
 "We're looking for evidence and gathering information that may indicate a connection [between this area] and the girls' disappearance," Montgomery County Police Lt. Sonia Pruitt told The Huffington Post in September. 
  
 The newly released court documents indicate authorities located a graveyard during one of their searches. Of the more than two dozen graves in it, only one was marked with a headstone, police said. 
  
 A search warrant affidavit states police seized "various bones" during their September search efforts. Authorities also say additional evidence was found in January, but they haven't released details. 
  
 "We are unable to provide additional information or comment on the content of the recently unsealed search warrants as this is still an ongoing and active investigation," said in a Friday press release. 
  
 The commonwealth attorney in Bedford County, Randy Krantz, told TV station WDBJ on Monday that he is confident authorities are close to solving the case. 
  
 "We believe the investigation has significantly progressed since we started," Krantz said. "Our commitment to solving this case is stronger than ever." 
  
 Anyone with information is asked to call investigators at 1-800-CALL-FBI. Tips may also be submitted online at Tips.fbi.gov. 
  
 Lloyd Lee Welch Timeline 
  
 Earlier on HuffPost: ||||| In January, an FBI forensic team searched land in the Taylors Mountain area of Virginia for evidence in the 40-year-old case of Sheila and Katherine Lyon. Investigators returned to the area this week for another dig. (Photo by Nikki Arrington) 
  
 Investigators trying to solve the case of Sheila and Katherine Lyon — two Montgomery County girls who went missing from a shopping mall in 1975 — are conducting another dig this week in the Taylors Mountain area in central Virginia. 
  
 Investigators have searched the area off and on since September. Of particular interest in the case are 34 acres once owned by relatives of Lloyd Welch, a Delaware prison inmate who earlier was named a “person of interest” in the case. Detectives have spoken with Welch, who told them he left the Wheaton Plaza shopping mall with the two girls, 12 and 10 years old at the time, according to court papers that detectives have filed in the case. 
  
 The search is being conducted by investigators from the Montgomery County Police Department, Bedford County Sheriff’s Office and Virginia State Police. 
  
 In a statement Monday, the Bedford Sheriff’s Office said, “The investigation has developed additional leads through supplemental investigative interviews that have found cause to conduct an additional dig on the mountain.” 
  
 A representative from the Virginia Department of Forensic Science also is on the scene, according to the Bedford Sheriff’s Office. 
  
 News of the new search was reported on Sunday by WDBJ-7 TV in Roanoke, Va. 
  
 Wednesday of this week marks the 40th anniversary of the case. It was March 25, 1975, that the Lyon sisters went missing. ||||| Forensic investigators from the FBI are spending the first part of this week digging up specific locations on a rural Virginia mountain, the latest sign of progress in the nearly 40-year-old investigation of two young girls who disappeared after walking to a Montgomery County shopping mall in 1975. 
  
 The forensic team is searching land on Taylor Mountain, in Bedford County, about 200 miles southwest of Washington. Detectives earlier identified two “persons of interest” in the case whose family once owned the land that is being searched. Neither man has been charged. 
  
 “The team is here to process certain locations on the mountain that have become a location of interest,” Bedford County Sheriff Mike Brown said Monday. 
  
 Under a leading theory of the case, the girls were abducted in Montgomery, killed and buried on Taylor Mountain. If any human remains or clues are found this week, they will be sent to the Virginia Department of Forensic Science for analysis, Brown said. 
  
 Investigators already have “familial DNA” to make a comparison, which could take at least four weeks, the sheriff added. 
  
 An FBI forensics team is on the site of a Virginia mountain where investigators are searching for the remains of the Lyon sisters, who went missing from a Maryland mall in 1975. (Reuters) 
  
 The FBI forensic team has 12 members. They have been joined by detectives from Bedford County, the Virginia State Police and the Montgomery County Police Department. All have pledged to find an answer for the girls’ parents, who still live in Montgomery. 
  
 Investigators “will be as tenacious as humanly possible,” Brown said, “with the target of locating these children, and providing the parents closure in this nightmare that no parent should be forced to endure.” 
  
 The investigators on Monday had to battle cold, wet weather. “It’s miserable up on the mountain,” Brown said. 
  
 They are expected to search again on Tuesday. They also searched the area, off of Taylor Mountain Road, in the fall. 
  
 It was March of 1975 when Sheila and Katherine Lyon, ages 12 and 10, disappeared after walking to the Wheaton Plaza mall. Decades passed with few developments. 
  
 Last year, Montgomery police said they were investigating Lloyd Welch, a former carnival worker who was at the shopping center that day and later assaulted girls in South Carolina and Delaware. He is locked up in Delaware. 
  
 Officials later said their interest extended to Welch’s uncle, Richard Welch, who is believed to have worked as a security guard in the Wheaton area in the 1970s. 
  
 Welch family members have owned land on Taylor Mountain, which is being searched. 
  
 Neither Richard Welch nor Lloyd Welch has been charged in the Lyon sisters case. Authorities have declined to say what role either might have had in the disappearance or to detail what evidence they have gathered. 
  
 In December, in Bedford, Richard Welch’s wife, Patricia Welch, appeared before a grand jury investigating the case. She was then charged with perjury because she willingly spoke falsely “regarding a material matter while under oath,” according to a copy of her warrant. Patricia Welch is due in court next month, according to online court records. Authorities did not detail the allegation. 
  
 In a letter to The Washington Post, Lloyd Welch denied any involvement in the sisters’ disappearance. And when a Post reporter knocked at the Hyattsville, Md., address listed for Richard and Patricia Welch, a woman opened a window and declined to comment. 
  
 On Monday, Randy Krantz, the commonwealth attorney in Bedford County, appealed to help from the public. The community of Taylor Mountain “did not ask for this,” he said. “This was brought to them. And the overwhelming support that we have had has helped further this investigation. But we need more.” 
  
 He said that by bringing forth information, “you’re not just helping law enforcement do its job, you’re helping a mother and father have some peace.” 
  
 Officials ask anyone with information about the case to call Montgomery investigators at 240-773-5070 or Bedford investigators at 540-586-7827. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?