The young girl in the sex video that prompted the gang murder of an innocent Bronx teen has been receiving threatening messages on social media, a high-ranking police source said Monday. 
  
 The 15-year-old girl is under NYPD police protection as a result of messages she’s gotten on Snapchat, Facebook and Instagram, the source said. 
  
 Some refer to her as a “whore” and blame her for the death of Lesandro “Junior” Guzman-Feliz, who was dragged out of a bodega and hacked to death Wednesday by a group of five suspected Trinitarios gang members. 
  
 Like Guzman-Feliz, the girl is enrolled in the NYPD Explorers program for youths interested in a career in law enforcement, the source added. 
  
 Police believe Guzman-Feliz, 15, was the victim of mistaken identity. He resembles a young man who raps in a video that shows the girl having sex in the background. She’s believed to be the relative of a Trinitarios member. ||||| A bodega worker heartlessly gave the boot to mistaken-ID murder victim Lesandro “Junior” Guzman-Feliz as the desperate teen bled all over the store rather than offer him any aid, according to newly released video footage. 
  
 In the first of two clips that emerged Tuesday, Guzman-Feliz, 15, enters the Cruz and Chiky grocery on East 183rd Street near Bathgate Avenue in the Bronx last Wednesday night and jumps behind the counter in an attempt to hide from the Trinitarios gangbangers who would soon hack him to death with knives and a machete. 
  
 He struggles with a worker in a blue shirt, who puts his arm out to stop the frightened teen — but Guzman-Feliz manages to scramble behind the counter. 
  
 The second video — made seconds after Guzman-Feliz was stabbed outside the bodega — shows him staggering back into the store and past two men. 
  
 The teen leaves a trail of blood on the floor as he heaves himself up on the counter, apparently seeking help for his mortal wounds. 
  
 But the callous bodega worker can be seen jumping backward and then motioning toward the front door. Guzman-Feliz seems to comply, by promptly stumbling back outside. 
  
 It is unclear what was said, ­because the videos lack sound. 
  
 Guzman-Feliz’s left hand smears a pool of blood left on the counter as he leaves. 
  
 A previously released clip from exterior surveillance shows the teen then exiting the deli and throwing his hands up in the air in exasperation. 
  
 He limped a block to St. Barnabas Hospital, but collapsed on the sidewalk steps away. 
  
 The worker watched the boy grow up over the years only to let him die before his very eyes, grieving mom Leandra Feliz said. 
  
 “They know him! We live here 17 year, [the owner] knows him,” she said over the weekend. “He pushed him like, ‘Take him! Take it outside!’ Before the killers get in, my son was hiding inside the store. He [had] time to lock the door or call police or something. He did nothing.” 
  
 Outrage at the bodega hit a fever pitch Tuesday as a trio of local lawmakers demanded that the place be shuttered. 
  
 “An owner who stands idly by while a 15-year-old is dragged out of his store and murdered in cold blood with a machete is no long­er worthy of doing business in NYC,” reads a letter City Council members Ritchie Torres, Vanessa Gibson and Rafael Salamanca sent to the Department of Consumer Affairs Commissioner Lorelai Salas on Monday, demanding that the agency shutter the store, formerly known in the neighborhood as Zesarina Grocery. 
  
 The council members sent a similar letter to the State Liquor Authority demanding that it pull the bodega’s license to sell booze. 
  
 “I saw video where the owner was engaged in business as usual right after Junior ran frantically in the store,” Torres told the Post Tuesday. 
  
 “He continued to engage in a business transact with Junior’s blood right in front of him.” 
  
 The owner did, however, call 911, NYPD Chief of Detectives Dermot Shea confirmed during a press conference Tuesday. 
  
 Community members have ripped the owner and those inside the store that night for seemingly doing nothing to help save Guzman-Feliz as gang members dragged him out. 
  
 The bodega owner, who could not be reached for comment Tuesday, has been getting death threats since the slaying and has kept his business closed, a police source said. 
  
 The deli owner could not be reached for comment, and the SLA did not respond to requests for comment. 
  
 “We are reviewing the letter. No general business license exists in ­local law,” said DCA spokeswoman Gloria Chin. 
  
 Additional reporting by Stephanie Pagones ||||| Eight suspects are now in custody in connection with the vicious murder of a New York teenager. Mourners filled the streets in the Bronx Monday, frustrated with the violence that cost 15-year-old Lesandro Guzman-Feliz his life. 
  
 According to a relative, the gang believed to be responsible admitted on social media it had attacked the wrong person, reports CBS News' DeMarco Morgan. They reportedly thought he had leaked a sex tape of one of the gang members' relatives. The teen's family said an apology is not enough. They want justice. 
  
 Guzman-Feliz – known as Junior – was beaten and stabbed repeatedly by five men and was able to walk himself to a nearby hospital after the attack, where he died. His father, Lesandro Guzman, rushed home from a job in Florida when he learned about the attack. 
  
 "I miss him. I miss him a lot. I don't know what happens tomorrow, but I miss him," Guzman said. 
  
  
  
 The gruesome murder is mobilizing the community in the streets and online, under the new hashtag "Justice for Junior." Police used social media to solicit tips and were flooded with information, which reportedly helped identify multiple suspects, including their names, locations, and gang affiliations. 
  
 All of Guzman-Feliz's suspected attackers are alleged members of a gang know as the "Trinitarios." Family members believe the incident was a case of mistaken identity and claim the gang even apologized to them on social media. 
  
 "No sorry, no apologize is going to bring my son back. He was a good and sweet kid," Leandra Feliz, his mother, said. 
  
 The slain teen's parents say he dreamed of becoming a detective and was part of the NYPD Explorers, a program for high school students. New York police commissioner James O'Neill was at his wake along with hundreds of others. 
  
 "I'm very thankful for the support from everybody. Makes me feel like sure my son gonna have justice," Feliz said. 
  
  
  
 A GoFundMe page set up for Guzman-Feliz's family has raised $240,000. Local rapper Cardi B donated $8,000 to the fund. Another wake service is scheduled for the teen on Tuesday night. His funeral is planned for Wednesday. ||||| The 15-year-old New York City teen who died last week after being brutally hacked with a machete outside a deli went into the store after the attack to seek help – but instead was denied medical assistance and was asked to leave, a disturbing new video shows. 
  
 Graphic surveillance footage posted online – which is drawing widespread outrage Tuesday on social media – captures the sequence of events inside the Zesarina Grocery store in the Bronx last Wednesday before and after Lesandro Guzman-Feliz was attacked. Police have since arrested seven men in connection to the gang-related killing. 
  
 The clip begins with Guzman-Feliz entering the deli to escape the attackers, who police believe targeted him in a case of mistaken identity. A police source told the New York Post on Monday that Guzman-Feliz resembled a young man seen rapping in a video that shows a girl – believed to be the relative of a Trinitarios gang member – having sex in the background. 
  
 WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT BELOW 
  
 A post shared by 🤴🏽Robert 🌈Williams🦁 (@areumdawo_saja) on Jun 25, 2018 at 11:00pm PDT 
  
 As Guzman-Feliz jumps onto the counter, he appears to be met with resistance by a worker behind the cash register. The worker eventually lets the teen onto the other side before the two walk off camera. 
  
 Then the suspected attackers come into the store and drag Guzman-Feliz outside, where he was savagely hacked with a machete and left to die with blood gushing out of a neck wound. 
  
 Shortly after the attack, the footage shows Guzman-Feliz coming back into the store to seek assistance. As he slumps over the counter, the worker behind it appears to jump back and refuses to come to his aid. 
  
 WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT BELOW 
  
 An apparent customer who was inside the store the entire time is also seen gesturing for the teen to leave, pointing toward the door. Guzman-Feliz walks out. 
  
 Then, in one of the video’s most shocking moments, the customer reaches over a pool of Guzman-Feliz’s blood to complete a transaction that got put on hold during the attack, handing the worker what appears to be cash before getting an item back in response. The customer then throws a backpack over his shoulder and leaves the store, following Guzman-Feliz’s trail of blood out the door, while the worker is pictured making a phone call. 
  
 The teen died shortly afterward, steps away from nearby St. Barnabas Hospital. 
  
 "This just makes my blood boil," one Instagram user wrote next to the footage. "The murderers came into the store and was still able to drag the boy out the bodega with nobody helping him. To [make] matters worse HE CAME BACK INTO THE BODEGA!! Bleeding… after the attack and nobody helped him!!!” 
  
 “They treated him like an animal. My heart breaks for this poor boy his family and friend,” another user reacted on Twitter. 
  
 New York City police so far have charged 19-year-old Kevin Alvarez of the Bronx with murder and gang assault in relation to the killing. Six other suspects taken into custody over the weekend in Paterson, N.J. -- identified as Jose Muniz, 21, Jose Tavarez, 21, Manuel Rivera, 18, Danel Fernandez, 21, Santiago Rodriguez, 24 and Joniki Martinez, 24 -- waived their right to contest extradition at a hearing on Tuesday, Fox 5 NY reported. They are expected to be arraigned on Wednesday in Bronx Criminal Court. All the men are suspected Trinitarios gang members. 
  
 Meanwhile, more than a thousand people reportedly turned out Monday for Guzman-Feliz’s wake. 
  
 The teen, who aspired to become a New York City police detective, was also memorialized in a tattoo on his father’s hand. 
  
 “My heart is broken, really broken,” Lissandro Guzman told the New York Post. “He’s my son, but he’s also like my best friend.” 
  
 NBA star Carmelo Anthony was among those to appear Monday at a makeshift memorial of candles and photographs outside the deli, which has been shuttered since the killing. New York Yankees pitcher CC Sabathia and singer Rihanna also have posted their condolences online, with the hashtag #JusticeForJunior going viral. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?