Article:

With fewer than a dozen words Monday, President Barack Obama made his most definitive statement to date in favor of District statehood, delighting both loyal supporters and longtime advocates who have questioned his commitment to D.C. voting rights. 
  
 During a town hall-style event at a public school in Northwest Washington, Obama was asked about his opinion on statehood — something that has been the ultimate but elusive goal of voting-rights activists for four decades. 
  
 “I’m in D.C., so I’m for it,” Obama said to laughter and applause, according to a White House transcript. 
  
 “Folks in D.C. pay taxes like everybody else,” he continued. “They contribute to the overall well-being of the country like everybody else. They should be represented like everybody else. And it’s not as if Washington, D.C., is not big enough compared to other states. There has been a long movement to get D.C. statehood and I’ve been for it for quite some time. The politics of it end up being difficult to get it through Congress, but I think it’s absolutely the right thing to do.” 
  
 Obama has previously made gestures in support of the rights of District residents, who do not have a voting representative or senators in Congress. His administration has supported legislative efforts to give the city more budgetary freedom from Congress, and last year his limo sported the city’s “Taxation Without Representation” license plates as he cruised down Pennsylvania Avenue after his second inauguration. 
  
 President Barack Obama greets guests after speaking at the Walker Jones Education Campus on July 21, 2014 in Washington, DC. (Mark Wilson/Getty Images) 
  
 But he has also received criticism that he has done little to go beyond mere gestures and occasionally has worked against the city’s interests — such as in 2011, when he settled a high-stakes budget showdown with congressional Republicans in part by agreeing to reinstate a budget rider preventing the District government from funding abortions. 
  
 Previous Obama administration pronouncements on the District have tended to eschew the S word. A 2012 White House statement to The Hill, for instance, said Obama “continues to be an unequivocal supporter of voting rights, home rule and budget autonomy for the District of Columbia.” 
  
 Meanwhile, other prominent Democrats have had no qualms about declaring support for statehood. Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), to name one: “The District deserves statehood,” he said last year. “And Congress should act to grant it.” 
  
 Statehood advocates had no grumbles to share after Obama’s remarks Monday, which were made at the Walker Jones Education Campus, a public school located about a dozen blocks north of the Capitol. 
  
 “God bless him,” said Michael D. Brown, one of two “shadow” senators elected by District voters to promote statehood efforts. “I think this is huge, for the president to stand up behind it. . . . I’d call him a hero at this point.” 
  
 Obama’s remarks come as statehood bills sit introduced in both houses of Congress and after pledges from key Senate Democrats to hold a hearing on the matter — something that could harness major public attention to the statehood movement for the first time in years. They also come amid attempts by congressional Republicans to impose restrictions on the city’s marijuana and gun laws, interference that would be much more difficult, if not impossible, were the District a state. 
  
 Brown, who has commissioned 51-star flags to distribute to members of Congress later this year, said he and fellow “shadow” senator Paul Strauss continue to push for the statehood hearing. D.C. Vote, the city’s most prominent voting-rights advocacy group, also said Monday that Obama’s comments should prompt a hearing. 
  
 Anise Jenkins, a longtime statehood activist, said Monday that stalwart Republican opposition to statehood — a measure that could guarantee one additional Democratic representative and two additional Democratic senators for the foreseeable future — remains a daunting obstacle. 
  
 But Jenkins said she was still overjoyed by Obama’s remarks and said they have the potential to “energize the movement.” 
  
 “We have been critical of him,” Jenkins said of Obama. “We have to be honest about that. But it’s always the right time to do the right thing.” ||||| Thanks, Obama! No really — thanks. 
  
 President Barack Obama's fiscal year 2015 budget grants D.C. budget and legislative autonomy, "the strongest and most comprehensive call for local D.C. autonomy in a President’s budget ever," according to a release from Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton. Here the narrative* from the budget: 
  
 The District of Columbia annually receives direct Federal payments for a number of local programs in recognition of the District's unique status as the seat of the Federal Government. These General and Special Payments are separate from and in addition to the District's local budget, which is funded through local revenues. Consistent with the principle of home rule, it is the Administration's view that the District's local autonomy should be enhanced and increased. The Administration will work with Congress and the Mayor to provide the District local budget and legislative autonomy, as proposed in the Budget. 
  
 “This is the best news in a president’s budget for D.C. funding in several years and for D.C. policy ever,” Norton said in a release. “Residents will be cheered to see the President’s statutory language for both budget and legislative autonomy, and parents and students will be particularly gratified by the strong increase in funding for DCTAG. " 
  
 You may be thinking, "Hey! I thought D.C. already had budget autonomy because of that referendum we passed." That's debatable. 
  
 While D.C. Vote and Council Chair Phil Mendelson contends the budget autonomy referendum is legal, an opinion by the Government Accountability Office says it has "no legal effect." And while the GAO opinion isn't legal binding, it may influence how Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey S. DeWitt responds to the referendum as the 2015 budget process begins. 
  
 But the D.C. Council is ready to fight for the referendum, as they today passed a resolution to allow city lawyers to defend it in court. 
  
 Council votes, without debate, to authorize its lawyers to defend budget autonomy in court if necessary. — Mike DeBonis (@mikedebonis) March 4, 2014 
  
 “With the implementation of our new budget law, the District of Columbia is poised to secure a major advancement in our fight for greater self-governance.” DC Vote Executive Director Kimberly Perry said of the resolution in a statement. “Those who seek to undermine the law discount the weight of the injustice we face each day. But, there is still ample time to unify behind the law passed by the people. DC Vote encourages all of our elected and appointed public officials to be part of this historic breakthrough.” 
  
 There's also reason to be cynical about Obama's gesture, or rather if Democrats will defend it once Republicans take it out of the budget. Indeed, we've been through this before. 
  
 The sad thing about the DC portions of the Prez's budget is the GOP will gut them and the Dems won't defend them. I hope not but history... — Josh Burch (@JBurchDC) March 4, 2014 
  
 *This has been corrected. |||||  
  
 President Barack Obama speaks about the about My Brother's Keeper initiative at the Walker Jones Education Campus on July 21, 2014 in Washington, D.C. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images) 
  
 During an appearance at a D.C. school, President Barack Obama openly supported the city's statehood effort for the first time. 
  
 "I'm in D.C., so I'm for it," Obama said at the Walker Jones education campus, according to a White House pool report. "I think I’ve long believed that D.C. pays — folks in D.C. pay taxes like everybody else. They contribute to the overall well-being of the country like everybody else. They should be represented like everybody else. And it’s not as if Washington, D.C. is not big enough compared to other states. There has been a long movement to get D.C. statehood and I’ve been for it for quite some time." 
  
 After not using them for his first term, the White House switched the plates on Obama's limousine to ones printed with D.C.'s "Taxation Without Representation" slogan last year. President Bill Clinton also used the plates, which were removed during President George W. Bush's terms. The Obama administration previously voiced support for D.C.'s home rule and right to budget autonomy and full voting representation in Congress. 
  
 While the president's open support for statehood is a positive step, he was also realistic about its chances with the current Congress: "The politics of it end up being difficult to get it through Congress, but I think it’s absolutely the right thing to do." 
  
 "All right, that was an easy one," Obama said before moving on to the next question. 
  
 Update: Here's a statement from DC Vote executive director Kimberly Perry: “President Obama’s support for D.C. statehood shows that he understands the injustice we face every day. The President has repeatedly proposed greater autonomy for D.C., only to see those proposals die because of partisan squabbling in Congress. We hope the administration will now request that its Senate allies hold a hearing on the D.C. statehood bill.” ||||| When he ran for the White House, President Barack Obama said he was a fan of voting rights for the District of Columbia in the U.S. House and Senate. 
  
 But he hasn’t really urged Congress to pass the legislation -- until today. 
  
 While honoring D.C. Emancipation Day, Obama said it’s time. 
  
 “Americans from all walks of life are gathering in Washington today to remind members of Congress that although D.C. residents pay federal taxes and serve honorably in our armed services, they do not have a vote in Congress or full autonomy over local issues,” Obama said in a statement. 
  
 He added, “And so I urge Congress to finally pass legislation that provides D.C. residents with voting representation and to take steps to improve the Home Rule Charter.” 
  
 First ldy Michelle Obama is also an advocate for our statehood rights. Dring a recent one-on-one interview with News 4’s Jim Vance, she seemed to acknowledge the fact that her husband has not embraced the idea. 
  
 "He is a supporter of the rights of citizens here in D.C. to have the vote," Mrs. Obama said, "and I don't think there's much convincing that you have to do there, you just have to get it done." 
  
 The statehood debate, which has been batted around Congress for decades, will be back in the news next week. 
  
 That’s when the House of Representatives is expected to tackle a bill that would include D.C. voting rights. 
  
 Could this be the year? |||||
What is a summary?