Write highlights for this article:

On a cold Monday in February 2012, 46-year-old Merseyside police officer Mike Cawson became a tragic statistic — one of hundreds of NHS patients injured or killed each year when medical devices fail. PC Cawson, who was suffering from heart failure, was being rushed by ambulance from Royal Liverpool University Hospital for life-saving surgery in a specialist cardiac unit at Manchester’s Wythenshawe Hospital. He never made it. His failing heart was relying on a special pump — a portable version of an intra-aortic balloon pump, inserted into his main artery. In 2013, there were 13,600 reports of failed devices to the watchdog, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) — these were linked to 309 deaths and 5,000 serious injuries. Such pumps, which inflate and deflate a balloon in the artery, are used as temporary support for the heart in patients who are awaiting urgent cardiac surgery. But half-way through the 40-mile drive to the hospital where the specialist team was on standby to perform an emergency operation, the battery powering his pump failed. Internal hospital documents obtained by Good Health reveal that the battery, which had been fully charged before the ambulance journey, was faulty. With no spare battery on board, the transfer team from the Royal Liverpool were helpless and the ambulance was forced to divert to nearby Warrington Hospital, where the balloon had to be removed (an inactive balloon can quickly cause blood clots to form). Later that day PC Cawson was sent on to his original destination, but died the following day. An inquest into his death heard from a consultant cardiologist from the Wythenshawe who said it was ‘highly unlikely’ that the failure of the pump had contributed to PC Cawson’s death. The Royal Liverpool also reiterated to Good Health that its patient had experienced ‘no clinical adverse effects’ but had ‘sadly died after a sudden deterioration in his condition’. There is no doubt, however, that the failure of the pump did mean that PC Cawson was not able to have the life-saving surgery he was meant to have. Furthermore, after his death, the trust issued advice to all teams transferring patients with intra-aortic balloon pumps to carry a spare battery. It can be of no consolation to PC Cawson’s loved ones to learn that many other families’ lives have also been shattered when medical equipment failed patients. The official figures for the number of NHS patients injured or killed each year by faulty medical equipment are shocking. In 2013, there were 13,600 reports of failed devices to the watchdog, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) — these were linked to 309 deaths and 5,000 serious injuries. The numbers are rising: over the past decade there have been almost 100,000 reports of failed devices, involving 2,300 deaths and 22,000 injuries. It's difficult to shake the impression that medical devices are being rushed onto the market. But these official figures could be just a fraction of the true human cost of unreliable medical equipment. For in a stunning admission to Good Health, the MHRA says it fears the true toll could be more than five times as bad. Its experts have told us that, based on global research and work carried out following the scandal over the PIP breast implants (which were made using industrial silicone with a high risk of rupture), they believe reporting of such incidents to be less than 20 per cent of the real figure —and possibly as low as 10 per cent. If this is true, this would mean in 2013 there were actually a shocking 68,000 adverse incidents, with 25,000 injuries and 1,545 deaths. Applied to the past decade, this produces a shocking tally that almost beggars belief: almost 500,000 incidents, 11,500 deaths and 110,000 serious injuries. Asked if it would be reasonable to extrapolate the figures in this way, Tony Sant, the watchdog’s manager responsible for adverse incident reporting and medical devices, said: ‘There’s nothing new with that kind of analysis. The question is, of those incidents: were the serious ones reported?’ There was, he adds, no way of knowing. One of the reasons for this is an extraordinary culture of secrecy embedded in EU law. Under Article 20 of the 1993 Medical Devices Directive, ‘all the parties involved in the application of this Directive are bound to observe confidentiality with regard to all information obtained in carrying out their tasks’. In other words, the MHRA can’t breathe a word. ‘We can’t give you which trusts and which medical device manufacturers were involved,’ explains Mr Sant. ‘We are prohibited.’ That’s why the MHRA never named the manufacturer in an earlier death linked to a failed battery in an intra-aortic balloon pump. Yet these two incidents were neither the first nor the last time this type of device has failed. On March 24 last year, Maquet, a division of Swedish medical technology giant Getinge, urgently recalled more than 12,000 of its intra-aortic balloon pumps. It had received more than 100 reports that a simple design fault — a misshapen ring — was causing the device to shut down ‘without any visual or audible warning’. This could result in a sudden and potentially fatal loss of blood pressure. A patient died as a result. Getinge issued a previous urgent recall for the same device in 2010 when it discovered the screens indicating the pump’s performance tended to go blank. Kornelia Rasmussen, the communications manager for Getinge, told the Mail: ‘Our products, by their very nature, are used in life-threatening and critical care environments countless times each day. 'If we believe that any are not safe, or do not meet our specifications, we institute immediate corrective action and we will continue to do so.’ Getinge is not alone: each year the MHRA receives approximately 1,000 safety notices from manufacturers alerting the watchdog to problems with their products. Yet while the MHRA is not allowed to name the manufacturers, it was able to reveal that the most frequent failures have been in expensive, high‑tech equipment being used in critical situations, such as operations and in intensive care. The MHRA is also allowed to name names and products when a reported failing could have widespread safety implications, issuing a Medical Device Alert. The MHRA has had to send manufacturers back to the drawing board with devices that had been already used on patients. But here, too, the figures are far from reassuring. In 2014, 49 such alerts were issued. The most recent was on December 18, warning of a risk of serious injury to babies in an infant warmer made by Fisher & Paykel Healthcare. A faulty retaining nut meant the heater unit ‘may partially detach’. In the past year, device manufacturers, including some of the biggest names, have issued close to 1,000 so-called field safety notices. They make for hair-raising reading. At one end of the scale was a wheelchair that might suddenly tip its seat backwards and an instrument for orthopaedic surgery so badly designed that it couldn’t be cleaned properly, exposing patients to the risk of infection. More obviously life-threatening were faulty defibrillators, which are increasingly in the hands of inexperienced community volunteers. Last year, the MHRA issued an alert for one ‘smart’ defibrillator which advised life-savers to use too slow a rate of chest compression. Another defibrillator incorrectly displayed a ‘Do not touch the patient’ icon — which, according to the MHRA’s masterful understatement, ‘could affect patient outcome’. Grave faults were also highlighted in pumps that automatically administer drugs to patients, a ventilator used to aid breathing during surgery and a software program for analysing CT scans. The number of European patent applications for medical devices doubled between 2002 and 2012, outstripping applications from the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors (there are already 500,000 different types of medical devices being used in the NHS). And it’s difficult to shake the impression that these devices are being rushed onto the market insufficiently tried and tested. This is reinforced by the shocking number of times the MHRA has had to send manufacturers back to the drawing board with devices that had been already used on patients. In 2013 alone, manufacturers were ordered to give 1,129 ‘undertakings to improve designs, manufacturing processes and quality systems’. And between 2011 and 2013, production ceased on 143 products, said a spokesman, ‘partly or wholly because of MHRA intervention or because a company felt it didn’t want to make the necessary changes for commercial reasons’. The MHRA is prevented from telling us which ones. A spokesman for the Association of British Healthcare Industries (ABHI) rejected any suggestion products were being rushed out, saying they were ‘put onto the market with processes backing them up to ensure they meet the correct standards’. Furthermore, monitoring the products after they’ve been launched ‘enables manufacturers to learn lessons from any field reports — if there is a situation identified by MHRA or others where improvements need to be made, then manufacturers will respond to that’. The number of reports of faulty medical devices involving new joints. And this is perhaps the most shocking thing of all. For the regulation of medical devices is a bit like shutting the gate after the horse has bolted. Under EU law, private companies, known as ‘notified bodies’, ‘assess medical devices for quality, safety and [check] that they work’. They then hand out the CE mark allowing these devices to be marketed in Europe. Thereafter, ‘post-market surveillance’ — essentially, waiting to see if something goes wrong — is used to identify any problems. In other words, everyone from the manufacturers to the MHRA and the notified bodies seems to accept that device failures are inevitable — with patients serving as guinea pigs. The MHRA says it is working urgently with NHS England to eradicate the problem of under-reporting. In the meantime, following the MHRA experts’ revelations to Good Health, the watchdog now says that its investigations have whittled down the number of deaths associated with device failures in its most recent official report from 309 to just 86. It is an extraordinary U-turn on its own published official figures. There is no doubt that the system is fundamentally — and potentially dangerously — flawed. ‘Two things are certain,’ says Peter Walsh, chief executive of the patient charity Action against Medical Accidents. ‘Far too many people are needlessly dying or being harmed as a result of faulty devices or poor use of devices, and the reported incidents are still an understatement of how big the problem is.’ What we do know is clearly just the tip of the iceberg.

Highlights: