Please answer the following question: Information:  - The University of Warwick (()) is a research university in Coventry, England. It was founded in 1965 as part of a government initiative to expand access to higher education. Warwick Business School was established in 1967 and Warwick Medical School was opened in 2000. Warwick merged with Coventry College of Education in 1979 and Horticulture Research International in 2004. Warwick is primarily based on a 290 hectare campus on the outskirts of Coventry with a satellite campus in Wellesbourne and a London base at the Shard in central London. It is organised into four facultiesArts, Medicine, Science and Social Scienceswithin which there are 32 departments. Warwick has around 23,600 full-time students and 1,800 academic and research staff and had a total income of £573.6 million in 2015/16, of which £117.1 million was from research grants and contracts. Warwick Arts Centre, a multi-venue arts complex in the university's main campus, is the largest venue of its kind in the UK outside London. Warwick consistently ranks in the top ten of all major domestic rankings of British universities and is the only multi-faculty institution aside from Oxford and Cambridge to have never been ranked outside the top ten. It was ranked 7th in the UK amongst multi-faculty institutions for the quality (GPA) of its research and 15th for its Research Power in the 2014 Research Excellence Framework. Entrance is competitive, with around 7 applicants per place for undergraduate study. Warwick has been ranked as the world's 20th best university based on employer reputation. Warwick is a member of AACSB, the Association of Commonwealth Universities, the Association of MBAs, EQUIS, the European University Association, the M5 Group, the Russell Group and Universities UK. It is the only European member of the Center for Urban Science and Progress, a collaboration with New York University. The university has extensive commercial activities, including the University of Warwick Science Park and Warwick Manufacturing Group. History. Twentieth...  - The Shard, also referred to as the Shard of Glass, Shard London Bridge and formerly London Bridge Tower, is a 95-storey skyscraper in Southwark, London, that forms part of the London Bridge Quarter development. Standing high, the Shard is the tallest building in the United Kingdom, the fourth-tallest building in Europe and the 105th-tallest building in the world. It is also the second-tallest free-standing structure in the United Kingdom, after the concrete tower at the Emley Moor transmitting station.  - The Research Excellence Framework is the successor to the Research Assessment Exercise. It is an Impact evaluation; assessing the research of British higher education institutions. It was used in 2014 to assess UK research during the period 20082013.  - A research university is a university that expects all its tenured and tenure-track faculty to continuously engage in research, as opposed to merely requiring it as a condition of an initial appointment or tenure. Such universities can be recognized by their strong focus on innovative research and the prestige of their brand names. On the one hand, research universities strive to recruit faculty who are the most brilliant minds in their disciplines in the world, and their students enjoy the opportunity to learn from such experts. On the other hand, new students are often disappointed to realize their undergraduate courses at research universities are overly academic and fail to provide vocational training with immediate "real world" applications; but many employers value degrees from research universities because they know that such coursework develops fundamental skills like critical thinking.   - Warwick Business School (WBS) is an academic department of the University of Warwick, originally established in 1967 as the School of Industrial and Business Studies. It is one of the most prestigious and highly selective business schools in the world. Due to the school's historical international outlook its alumni hold leadership positions in corporate, governmental and academic institutions around the globe.  - The European University Association (EUA) represents and supports more than 850 institutions of higher education in 47 countries, providing them with a forum for cooperation and exchange of information on higher education and research policies. Members of the Association are European universities involved in teaching and research, national associations of rectors and other organisations active in higher education and research.  - A royal charter is a formal document issued by a monarch as letters patent, granting a right or power to an individual or a body corporate. They were, and are still, used to establish significant organisations such as cities (with municipal charters) or universities and learned societies. Charters should be distinguished from warrants and letters of appointment, as they have perpetual effect. Typically, a Royal Charter is produced as a high-quality work of calligraphy on vellum. The British monarchy has issued over 980 royal charters. Of these about 750 remain in existence. The earliest was to the town of Tain in 1066, making it the oldest Royal Burgh in Scotland, followed by the University of Cambridge in 1231. Charters continue to be issued by the British Crown, a recent example being that awarded to the Chartered Institute for the Management of Sport and Physical Activity, on 7 April 2011.  - Sir Kenneth Robinson ( born 4 March 1950 ) is an English author , speaker and international advisor on education in the arts to government , non-profits , education and arts bodies . He was Director of the Arts in Schools Project ( 1985 -- 89 ) and Professor of Arts Education at the University of Warwick ( 1989 -- 2001 ) , and is now Professor Emeritus at the same institution . In 2003 he was knighted for services to art. Originally from a working class Liverpool family , Robinson now lives in Los Angeles with his wife Marie - Therese and children James and Kate Robinson .  - New York University (NYU) is a private nonprofit research university based in New York City. Founded in 1831, NYU is considered one of the world's most influential research universities. University rankings compiled by "Times Higher Education", "U.S. News & World Report", and the "Academic Ranking of World Universities" all rank NYU amongst the top 32 universities in the world. NYU is a fundamental part of the creativity, energy and vibrancy that is Manhattan, located with its core in Greenwich Village, and its campuses based throughout New York City. NYU is also a world-class university, operating NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU Shanghai, and 11 global academic centers in Accra, Berlin, Buenos Aires, Florence, London, Madrid, Paris, Prague, Sydney, Tel Aviv, and Washington, D.C.  - Warwick Medical School is the medical school of the University of Warwick and is located in Coventry, United Kingdom. It was opened in 2000 in partnership with Leicester Medical School, and was granted independent degree-awarding status in 2007. Warwick Medical School is one of only two solely graduate-entry medical schools in the UK (together with Swansea Medical School).  - The Russell Group is a self-selected association of twenty-four public research universities in the United Kingdom. The group is headquartered in London and was established in 1994 to represent its members' interests, principally to government and parliament; nineteen smaller British research universities formed the 1994 Group in response, which has since dissolved. In 2010, Russell Group members received approximately two-thirds of all university research grant and contract income in the United Kingdom. The group is widely perceived as representing the best universities in the country.  - The University of Warwick Science Park (also known as UWSP and Warwick Science Park) was one of the first university based science parks in the United Kingdom when it was opened by the Rt. Hon. Margaret Thatcher in 1984. It was a joint venture between the University of Warwick, Coventry City Council, Warwickshire County Council and Barclays. The latter are no longer shareholders having been replaced by WM Enterprise. The University of Warwick agreed in 2011 to purchase the shareholding of Coventry City Council. The acquisition was completed in 2012 and today the Science Park is wholly owned by the University of Warwick. UWSP currently covers four sites; the main campus abutting the University of Warwick, the Business Innovation Centre in Binley, Warwick Innovation Centre on Warwick Technology Park and Blythe Valley Innovation Centre near Solihull.  - Universities UK is an advocacy organisation for universities in the United Kingdom. It began life as the Committee of Vice-Chancellors and Principals of the Universities of the United Kingdom (CVCP) in the nineteenth century when there were informal meetings involving vice-chancellors of a number of universities and principals of university colleges. The current president is Dame Julia Goodfellow, vice-chancellor of the University of Kent. The current Chief Executive is Nicola Dandridge.  - Warwick is the county town of Warwickshire, England. The town lies upon the River Avon, south of Coventry and just west of Leamington Spa and Whitnash with which it is conjoined. At the 2011 United Kingdom census, it had a population of 31,345.  - The Warwick Manufacturing Group (WMG) is an academic department at the University of Warwick, providing research, education and knowledge transfer in engineering, manufacturing and technology. The group provides taught and research degrees for postgraduate students at the University of Warwick campus in England, and at overseas centres in China, India, Singapore, Malaysia, Cyprus, Russia and Thailand.  - London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom, as well as the most populous city proper in the European Union. Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain, London has been a major settlement for two millennia. It was founded by the Romans, who named it "Londinium". London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its medieval boundaries. Since at least the 19th century, "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which today largely makes up Greater London, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'ken robinson ' with the relationship of 'occupation'.  Choices: - academic  - advocacy  - construction  - faculty  - major  - mayor  - member  - monarch  - research  - science  - united kingdom
Answer: