Write a summary based on this article:

One moment Sheila Keen Warren was on a trip to see her mom in Vermont. The next, she was handcuffed and placed in the back of a Virginia sheriff’s cruiser. 
  
 “Where are we going?” “Am I under arrest and what for?” “Is my husband under arrest?” the 54-year-old blond-haired woman in the bright aqua tank top, capri jeans and flip-flops asked. 
  
 Back at the sheriff’s headquarters, she sat in an interview room making small talk about her nickname “Debbie” and where she lived. 
  
 But then the conversation turned serious when she was told she’s the accused shooter in South Florida’s killer clown case from 27 years earlier. 
  
 Authorities had come to hold her accountable for the May 26, 1990, slaying of Marlene Warren, 40, in Wellington. 
  
 Keen Warren placed her head down on a desk and declined to say another word. 
  
 This glimpse of Keen Warren’s Sept. 26 capture, and the renewed investigation that led to it after all these years, is detailed in files released Thursday by the Palm Beach County State Attorney’s Office, in response to public records requests. 
  
 The records explain how recent testing of DNA evidence was the key to cracking a high-profile case that had long gone cold but is now the center of a death penalty prosecution. 
  
 Sheila Keen Warren is facing charges in the death of Marlene Warren in 1990. Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for the 54-year-old woman accused of wearing a clown disguise during the May 26, 1990, slaying of Marlene Warren, 40, in Wellington. 
  
 Keen Warren’s husband, Michael Warren, was married to the murder victim and was labeled an original person of interest by police. Authorities won’t say if he is still a suspect. 
  
 Sheriff Ric Bradshaw told reporters after Keen Warren’s arrest it “remains to be seen” whether anyone else will be charged in the case. Michael Warren, who has long denied any role, was en route to Calder Race Track with friends at the time his wife was shot at their home in the Aero Club community. 
  
 The 2,847 pages of documents released Thursday include new allegations along with all of the original investigative reports that made the case so remarkable: Marlene Warren opened the door to greet a clown wearing an orange wig, a red bulb nose, gloves and a smile painted on its white face. The clown held two balloons and flowers in one hand and a pistol in the other. 
  
 The clown fired at Warren’s face. She died within two days. The clown fled in a white Chrysler LeBaron, which was found four days later abandoned at a shopping center parking lot. 
  
 Here are some of the revelations from the evidence also recently shared with Keen Warren’s lawyer: 
  
 — Detectives collected samples of Sheila Keen’s hair and vials of her blood through a June 1990 search warrant, because she was then a suspect. There was also a court-ordered search of her apartment that yielded fibers from a bright orange wig and clothing that police were checking for blood stains. And similar fibers were found in the getaway car. 
  
 — In the reopened investigation, those samples were sent to an FBI crime lab and some matches were made to fibers collected from the Chrysler, though a precise DNA connection is not included. “Sheila Keen can be included as a possible source of these hairs,” according to a 2016 investigator’s report. But the FBI lab’s report was not released to reporters. 
  
 — Michael Warren was listed as the beneficiary of a life insurance police issued for his wife Marlene Warren in March 1979. In May 2017, Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance confirmed that “the death claim was paid in June 1991 in the amount of $53,359.37 to Michael Warren.” 
  
 — An attorney, Christopher DeSantis, gave investigators a statement in 1991 concerning his conversation two years earlier with Michael Warren as they left a courthouse. Warren “asked me what the ramifications would be if a husband killed his wife on her estate,” DeSantis said then. The lawyer advised that if the husband had a friend who did it and they couldn’t tie the husband to the friend, he’d get away Scott free. 
  
 — In October 2017, DeSantis gave another statement to investigators. This time, he said he “he told Mike Warren … that if someone wore a clown suit they would get off because no one would be able to identify the features such as male/female or identity of the person committing the crime.” 
  
 — One day after Keen Warren’s arrest, Palm Beach County detectives met with an employee of the Kingsport, Tenn., restaurant formerly owned by Michael and Sheila Keen Warren. The employee, Julia Thomas, said her former roommate and co-worker, Danielle Sweeting, told her of a time that “Debbie” got drunk and confessed to her. “Debbie said that she had picked out the clown outfit and killed his wife,” Thomas recalled. 
  
 — Marlene’s son Joseph Ahrens and another person, Jean Pratt, got into a car and chased the clown moments after the shooting. Detectives wrote that Jean Pratt told investigators in a June 27, 1991, statement that “the clown suspect was definitely a man. … It wasn’t a woman.” 
  
 — Michael Warren’s friends told police that he “did not act very upset” after his wife’s death. Witnesses told the cops that a few months before the murder they observed fights between Marlene and Michael Warren, as well as Marlene confronting Sheila Keen about having an affair with Michael. 
  
 — Marlene Warren’s funeral was videotaped, but detectives who reviewed it saw nothing useful to the investigation. 
  
 For the past 15 years, the Warrens lived in small, historic Abingdon, Va., within the Blue Ridge Mountains. They had a reputation as a hardworking, sociable couple who until last year operated a popular fast-food restaurant in nearby Kingsport, Tenn. 
  
 Keen, then 27, had been working for Michael Warren’s used car dealership, Bargain Motors Inc. of West Palm Beach, helping to repossess cars. 
  
 During the original murder investigation, detectives discovered Warren was rolling back odometers on vehicles at his used car lot. He was convicted of racketeering and multiple other felonies and served nearly four years in a minimum-security state prison at the Homestead Correctional Institution. He was released on New Year's Eve 1997. ||||| WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Two nights before a clown fatally shot a woman at her front door, a customer showed up at a nearby costume shop and begged to be let in at closing. 
  
 On this night 28 years ago, the woman urgently told two clerks she needed a clown suit, an orange wig, white gloves, a red nose and enough white makeup to cover her face completely. She passed on the floppy shoes. One of the clerks in a photo lineup identified the customer as Sheila Keen, who was rumored in May 1990 to be having an affair with victim Marlene Warren's husband. The other clerk thought it might be Keen, but wasn't 100 percent. 
  
 Palm Beach County prosecutors released late Thursday evidence that they say helped them and sheriff's detectives to arrest Keen in September at the Abington, Virginia, home she shared with her husband — Michael Warren, Marlene Warren's widower. The evidence includes hundreds of pages of witness statements, photographs, reports and maps. It also says recent DNA tests conducted by the FBI say hair found in a car linked to the slaying could have come from Sheila Keen Warren. 
  
 Prosecutors released the evidence without comment. Her attorney, Richard Lubin, did not immediately return a call and email seeking comment. Michael Warren, reached by phone, declined comment. Detectives have declined to rule him out as a possible suspect. Keen Warren, now 54, remains jailed without bond. Prosecutors have said they will seek the death penalty. 
  
 According to the documents, she became a suspect shortly after the slaying. 
  
 Marlene Warren, 40, opened her door on a Saturday morning to find a clown in an orange wig, a red nose but normal high-top shoes holding two foil balloons and carnations. Her then 20-year-old son and his friends, who were in the house, say the clown handed her the gifts. The clown without saying a word then shot her in the face, walked slowly to a Chrysler LeBaron convertible and drove away. 
  
 Michael Warren at the time owned a used car lot and Sheila Keen did repossessions for him. Other employees, according to the document, told detectives Warren and Keen had been seen kissing and having sex in the office and her neighbors said he was frequently at her house. Warren and Keen denied a relationship. They married in 2002. 
  
 The documents show that immediately after the shooting, detectives worked to find where the clown costume, the balloons and flowers had been purchased and to find the car. Along with the costume shop employees, the detectives learned the flowers and balloons came from a supermarket a half mile from the victim's home, bought by a woman who looked like Keen who wore white gloves. 
  
 The LeBaron was soon found abandoned in a parking lot. It had been reported stolen by a Payless rental agency near Michael Warren's car lot, Bargain Motors. The couple who rented it last told detectives they had arrived afterhours at the Payless, hoping to leave the car. Finding no employees, they went home, looked in the Yellow Pages and called what they thought was Payless. A man told them to leave the car with its keys in the visor in front of the lot and someone would get it. They reluctantly did. 
  
 When they went back later, the car was gone, so they called the number again and the same man acted like he never spoke to them. The next morning they realized they had called Bargain Motors — its Yellow Page ad read "Payless!" The rental agency had previously sued Michael Warren over the ad and an employee told detectives Michael Warren and another employee had pulled the ruse to steal the car as payback. No one was ever charged with the theft. 
  
 Warren told detectives he and his wife had a good relationship, but his employees and her family said Marlene Warren had been threatening to divorce him over numerous affairs and a beating she said he had administered a year before. Warren's employees told detectives he had said he would never divorce because his wife would get half his assets. 
  
 Keen was interviewed by detectives shortly after the shooting and blood and hair were collected. She denied being the shooter, saying she was in another part of the county looking for cars that needed to be repossessed. 
  
 Michael Warren was convicted in 1994 of grand theft, racketeering and odometer tampering and served almost four years in prison. After his wedding to Keen, they settled in Virginia just across from Kingsport, Tennessee, where they operated a popular restaurant that they sold just before her arrest. |||||

Summary: