Q:Information:  - Latin alpha (majuscule: , minuscule: ) or script a is a letter of the Latin alphabet, based on one lowercase form of a, or on the Greek lowercase alpha. Although is normally just an allograph of , there are instances in which the two letters must be carefully distinguished:  - Chess is a two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard, a checkered gameboard with 64 squares arranged in an eight-by-eight grid. Chess is played by millions of people worldwide, both amateurs and professionals.  - The FIDE World Chess Championship 2002 was held in Moscow, Russia. The first six rounds were played between 27 November and 14 December 2001, and the final match started on 16 January and ended on 23 January 2002. The Ukrainian Grandmaster Ruslan Ponomariov, aged 18, won the championship and became the youngest FIDE World Champion.  - Taiwan, officially the Republic of China (ROC), is a state in East Asia. Neighbors include China (officially the People's Republic of China, abbreviated as PRC) to the west, Japan to the northeast, and the Philippines to the south. Taiwan is the most populous state that is not a member of the United Nations, and the one with the largest economy.  - Hong Kong, officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of East Asia. Macau lies across the delta to the west, and the Chinese province of Guangdong borders the territory to the north. With a total land area of and a population of over 7.3 million of various nationalities, it ranks as the world's fourth most densely populated sovereign state or territory.  - China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia. With a population of over 1.381 billion, it is the world's most populous country. The state is governed by the Communist Party of China, and its capital is Beijing. It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four direct-controlled municipalities (Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, and Chongqing), and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions (Hong Kong and Macau), and claims sovereignty over Taiwan. The country's major urban areas include Shanghai, Guangzhou, Beijing, Chongqing, Shenzhen, Tianjin and Hong Kong. China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia, and has been characterized as a potential superpower.  - Guangdong (Simplified ) is a province on the South China Sea coast of the People's Republic of China. Formerly romanised as Canton or Kwangtung, Guangdong surpassed Henan and Sichuan to become the most populous province in China in January 2005, registering 79.1 million permanent residents and 31 million migrants who lived in the province for at least six months of the year; the total population was 104,303,132 in the 2010 census, accounting for 7.79 percent of Mainland China's population. The provincial capital Guangzhou and economic hub Shenzhen are among the most populous and important cities in China. The population increase since the census has been modest, the province at 2014 end had 107,240,000 people.  - Shenzhen is a major city in Guangdong Province, China. The city is located immediately north of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and holds sub-provincial administrative status, with powers slightly less than a province.  - Singapore, officially the Republic of Singapore, and often referred to as the "Lion City" or the "Little Red Dot", is a sovereign city-state in Southeast Asia, and the world's only island city-state. It lies one degree (137 km) north of the equator, south of the southernmost tip of continental Asia and peninsular Malaysia, with Indonesia's Riau Islands to the south. Singapore's territory consists of a diamond-shaped main island along with 62 other islets. Since independence, extensive land reclamation has increased its total size by 23% (130 km), and its greening policy has covered the densely populated island with tropical flora, parks and gardens.  - Guangzhou , traditionally romanised as Canton, is the capital and largest city of the Province of Guangdong in southeastern China. Located on the Pearl River about north-northwest of Hong Kong and north of Macau, Guangzhou was a major terminus of the maritime Silk Road and continues to serve as a major port and transportation hub.  - Mainland China, also known as the Chinese mainland or simply the mainland, is the geopolitical area under the direct jurisdiction of the People's Republic of China (PRC). It generally excludes the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau; however, it usually includes Hainan. The term "mainland China", which avoids calling the area simply "China" and thereby recognizing the founding of the PRC as "the" "China", was coined by the Kuomintang (KMT) after receiving control of Taiwan from Japan after World War II. By 1949, the KMT-led Republic of China (ROC) government was defeated in the Chinese Civil War in mainland China and fled to the island of Taiwan where the KMT pledged to "retake the Mainland". The KMT considers both sides of the Taiwan Strait (including Taiwan), as (one) "China" and one country, whereas Taiwan's Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) considers only mainland China as "China" and Taiwan (ROC) as "Taiwan" and maintains that they are different countries.  - Hou Yifan (born 27 February 1994, Xinghua, Jiangsu, China) is a Chinese chess grandmaster and former chess prodigy. She is the current Women's World Chess Champion, the youngest ever to win the title, as well as the youngest female player ever to qualify for the title of Grandmaster.  - Romanization or Latinization (or romanisation, latinisation: see spelling differences), in linguistics, is the conversion of writing from a different writing system to the Roman (Latin) script, or a system for doing so. Methods of romanization include transliteration, for representing written text, and transcription, for representing the spoken word, and combinations of both. Transcription methods can be subdivided into "phonemic transcription", which records the phonemes or units of semantic meaning in speech, and more strict "phonetic transcription", which records speech sounds with precision.  - Pinyin, or Hàny Pnyn, is the official romanization system for Standard Chinese in mainland China, Malaysia, Singapore, and Taiwan. It is often used to teach Standard Chinese, which is normally written using Chinese characters. The system includes four diacritics denoting tones. Pinyin without tone marks is used to spell Chinese names and words in languages written with the Latin alphabet, and also in certain computer input methods to enter Chinese characters.  - Chongqing, formerly transliterated as Chungking, is a major city in Southwest China and one of the Five national central cities in China. Administratively, it is one of China's four direct-controlled municipalities (the other three are Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin), and the only such municipality in inland China.  - Zhang Zhong (born 5 September 1978 in Chongqing) is a Chinese-born Singaporean chess grandmaster, a twice Chinese champion and the 2005 Asian champion.   - A board game is a tabletop game that involves counters or moved or placed on a pre-marked surface or "board", according to a set of rules. Some games are based on pure strategy, but many contain an element of chance; and some are purely chance, with no element of skill.  - An input method (or input method editor, commonly abbreviated IME) is an operating system component or program that allows any data, such as keyboard strokes or mouse movements, to be received as input. In this way users can enter characters and symbols not found on their input devices. Using an input method is obligatory for any language that has more graphemes than there are keys on the keyboard.  - A chessboard is the type of checkerboard used in the classic board game chess, and consists of 64 squares (eight rows and eight columns) and 32 pieces. The squares are arranged in two alternating colors (light and dark). Wooden boards may use naturally light and dark brown woods, while plastic and vinyl boards often use brown or green for the dark squares and shades such as buff or cream for the light squares. Materials vary widely; while wooden boards are generally used in high-level games; vinyl, plastic, and cardboard are common for low-level and informal play. Decorative glass and marble boards are available but rarely accepted for games rated by national or international chess federations. Each square on the board has a name from a1 to h8.  - Standard Chinese, also known as Modern Standard Mandarin or Standard Mandarin, also often referred to as Putonghua, Guoyu or simply Mandarin, is a standard language that is the sole official language of both China and Taiwan, and also one of the four official languages of Singapore. The pronunciation of the standard is based on the Beijing dialect, its vocabulary is drawn from Mandarin dialects, and the grammar is based on literature in the modern written vernacular.  - The South China Sea is a marginal sea that is part of the Pacific Ocean, encompassing an area from the Karimata and Malacca Straits to the Strait of Taiwan of around . The area's importance largely results from one-third of the world's shipping sailing through its waters and that it is believed to hold huge oil and gas reserves beneath its seabed.  - The classical Latin alphabet, also known as the Roman alphabet, is a writing system originally used by the ancient Romans to write the Latin language. The Latin alphabet evolved from the visually similar Cumaean Greek version of the Greek alphabet, which was itself descended from the Phoenician abjad, which in turn was derived from Egyptian hieroglyphics. The Etruscans who ruled early Rome adopted the Cumaean Greek alphabet which was modified over time to become the Etruscan alphabet, which was in turn adopted and further modified by the Romans to produce the Latin alphabet.  - Yu Shaoteng ( Chinese :  ; Pinyin : Yú Shoténg ; born March 26 , 1979 in Guangzhou , Guangdong ) is a Chinese chess Grandmaster , and is the personal trainer of chess prodigy Hou Yifan . He took part in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2002 , but was knocked out in the first round by Zhang Zhong . In 2004 , he became China 's 17th Grandmaster at the age of 25 .  - Ruslan Olegovich Ponomariov (born 11 October 1983) is a Ukrainian chess player and FIDE World Chess Champion between 2002 and 2004.     What object entity has the relation of 'occupation' with the subject 'yu shaoteng'?   Choices: - accounting  - chess player  - editor  - game  - grandmaster  - linguistics  - major  - member  - official  - script  - sovereign  - taiwan  - teach  - writing system
A: