Q:Information:  - "Hang You from the Heavens" is the debut single by American alternative rock band The Dead Weather. It was released on March 11, 2009 and was backed with a cover of Gary Numan's "Are 'Friends' Electric?". The single was released through iTunes and on a 7" vinyl limited to 150 copies, all of which were given to the crowd at the band's debut performance at the opening of the Third Man Records headquarters. The 7" was later released through their website, and record stores.  - Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by blues, rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.  - The Kills are an indie rock band formed by American singer Alison Mosshart ("VV") and British guitarist Jamie Hince ("Hotel"). They are signed to Domino records and their first four albums, "Keep On Your Mean Side", "No Wow", "Midnight Boom", and "Blood Pressures" all reached the UK album chart"." "Ash & Ice", their fifth and most recent studio album was released on June 3, 2016 and reached the UK Top 20 album chart.  - Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s and 2000s. In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).  - Independent music (often shortened to indie music or indie) is music produced independently from major commercial record labels or their subsidiaries, a process that may include an autonomous, do-it-yourself approach to recording and publishing. The term "indie" is sometimes also used to describe a genre (such as indie rock and indie pop); as a genre term, "indie" may include music that is not independently produced, and most independent music artists do not fall into a single, defined musical style or genre, and usually create music that can be categorized into other genres.  - "Treat Me Like Your Mother" is a single released by the alternative rock band The Dead Weather. It is the second single released off of the band's debut album "Horehound" (after "Hang You from the Heavens" was released in March 2009). The single was released on May 25, 2009, and released with the album on July 14, 2009.  - Alison Nicole Mosshart (born November 23, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, artist, and occasional model best known as the lead vocalist for the indie rock band The Kills and blues rock band The Dead Weather. She started her musical career in 1995 with the Florida punk rock band Discount which disbanded in 2000. She then co-founded The Kills with British guitarist Jamie Hince (formerly of Scarfo and Blyth Power) in 2000 in London.  - The White Stripes were an American rock duo formed in 1997 in Detroit, Michigan. The group consisted of Jack White (songwriter, vocals, guitar, piano, and mandolin) and Meg White (drums and vocals). After releasing several singles and three albums within the Detroit music scene, The White Stripes rose to prominence in 2002, as part of the garage rock revival scene. Their successful and critically acclaimed albums "White Blood Cells" and "Elephant" drew attention from a large variety of media outlets in the United States and the United Kingdom, with the single "Seven Nation Army" and its now-iconic guitar line becoming their signature song. The band recorded two more albums, "Get Behind Me Satan" in 2005 and "Icky Thump" in 2007, and dissolved in 2011 after a lengthy hiatus from performing and recording.  - The Greenhornes are an American garage rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio, formed in 1996 by vocalist/guitarist Craig Fox, bass guitarist Jack Lawrence and drummer Patrick Keeler. They released their debut album "Gun For You" in 1999, followed by a self-titled album in 2001. A third studio album, "Dual Mono", was released in 2002, with the band taking a small hiatus. The Greenhornes returned in 2005 to release a new EP, "East Grand Blues", and a compilation album, "Sewed Soles". During this time, Lawrence and Keeler formed The Raconteurs with Detroit musicians and personal friends Jack White and Brendan Benson, leaving very few performances and interaction with Fox. In 2010, the band reunited once again to record a studio album, "Four Stars", their first in eight years.  - The Raconteurs , also known as The Saboteurs in Australia, are an American rock group that was formed in Detroit, Michigan, featuring four musicians associated with earlier musical projects: Jack White (formerly of The White Stripes, currently The Dead Weather, as well as solo), Brendan Benson (solo), Jack Lawrence (of The Greenhornes, Blanche and The Dead Weather), and Patrick Keeler (also of The Greenhornes).  - Jack White (born John Anthony Gillis; July 9, 1975) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer and actor. He is known as the lead singer and guitarist of duo The White Stripes, and has had success in other bands and as a solo artist. On April 24, 2012, White released his debut solo album, "Blunderbuss". His second studio album, "Lazaretto", was released on June 10, 2014. Both received wide commercial and critical acclaim.  - Third Man Records is an independent record label founded by Jack White in Detroit, Michigan, in 2001. Third Man established its first physical locationa combination record store, performance venue, and headquarters for the labelin Nashville, Tennessee, in 2009. The label opened a Detroit branch location in November 2015.  - Post-punk (originally "new musick") is a broad type of rock music that emerged from the punk movement of the 1970s, in which artists departed from punk rock's raw, accessible style to pursue a variety of avant-garde sensibilities. Attempting to break from rock tradition, post-punk artists experimented with sources such as electronic music, black dance music and the avant-garde, as well as novel recording technology and production techniques. The movement also saw the frequent intersection of music with art and politics, as artists incorporated ideas from sources such as modernist literature, critical theory, cinema, and performance art. Accompanying these musical developments were communities that produced independent record labels, visual art, multimedia performances and fanzines in conjunction with the music.  - The Dead Weather is an American rock supergroup, formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2009. Composed of Alison Mosshart (of The Kills and Discount), Jack White (formerly of The White Stripes and currently of The Raconteurs), Dean Fertita (of Queens of the Stone Age) and Jack Lawrence (of The Raconteurs, The Greenhornes and City and Colour), The Dead Weather debuted at the opening of Third Man Records' Nashville headquarters on March 11, 2009. The band performed live for the first time at the event, immediately before releasing their debut single "Hang You from the Heavens".  - iTunes (or ) is a media player, media library, online radio broadcaster, and mobile device management application developed by Apple Inc. It is used to play, download, and organize digital downloads of music and video (as well as other types of media available on the iTunes Store) on personal computers running the macOS and Microsoft Windows operating systems. The iTunes Store is also available on the iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.  - Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band from Palm Desert, California, United States, formed in 1996. The band's line-up includes founder Josh Homme (lead vocals, guitar, piano), alongside longtime members Troy Van Leeuwen (guitar, lap steel, keyboard, percussion, backing vocals), Michael Shuman (bass guitar, keyboard, backing vocals), Dean Fertita (keyboards, guitar, percussion, backing vocals), and recent addition Jon Theodore (drums, percussion).  - Punk rock (or simply "punk") is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid 1970s in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as "proto-punk" music, punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands typically use short or fast-paced songs, with hard-edged melodies and singing styles, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produce recordings and distribute them through informal channels.  - `` I Cut Like a Buffalo '' is the third track from the album Horehound , by the alternative rock group The Dead Weather in 2009 . It was also released as the third single from the album ( after `` Hang You from the Heavens '' and `` Treat Me Like Your Mother . `` ) . Jack White is the sole writer of this song . It has been remixed ( but not released commercially ) by popular dubstep producer Skream . It has also been remixed by Gramatik , who falls under various genres . The B side '' A Child of a Few Hours Is Burning to Death `` is a cover originally done by 60 's garage - psych band The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band .  - Gary Anthony James Webb (born 8 March 1958), professionally known as Gary Numan, is an English singer, songwriter, musician, and record producer. Born in Hammersmith, London, he first entered the music industry as the lead singer of the new wave band Tubeway Army. After releasing two albums with the band, Numan released his debut solo album "The Pleasure Principle" in 1979.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'i cut like a buffalo' exhibits the relationship of 'record label'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1995  - 1996  - album  - australia  - country music  - digital  - english  - independent music  - itunes  - labels  - record  - rock music  - studio album  - third man records  - united kingdom
A: