Article:

by: Sarah Bleau Updated: Jan 21, 2016 - 11:22 AM 
  
 Day seven of the search for two-year-old Noah Chamberlin began at 1:19 p.m., seven days to the minute of when he was reported missing. 
  
 It also began with seemingly hopeful news from Madison County Sheriff John Mehr. 
  
 Related Headlines PHOTOS: Vigil held as search for Noah Chamberlin continues 
  
 "We've got some leads that we have recovered and that's one reason…I'll just tell you that's one reason why we believe he's still there,” Sheriff Mehr said. 
  
 >> PHOTOS: Vigil held as search for Noah Chamerlin continues 
  
 Madison County Fire Chief Eric Turner said they have expanded their search grid to beyond 1,000 acres. He added they will take some of the equipment from the search to use for the upcoming potential winter weather. 
  
 "We want to get it out of there before the weather comes in because, like the sheriff alluded to, if we have a bad snowstorm coming here we might need that equipment elsewhere," said Turner. 
  
 The Madison and Chester County sheriffs added search dogs came from Hunstville, Alabama Wednesday. Mehr explained the dogs have not and may not pick up a scent because two-year-old Noah is so small and not leaving enough of a scent. 
  
 Chester County Sheriff Blair Weaver said they have new search crews combing through areas they have already searched, in an effort to get a fresh perspective. 
  
 The same evening, nearly 200 people came together for a prayer vigil for Noah and his family. 
  
 "What if you were in that place? How would you want to be treated and what would you want done? You would want somebody to pray and lift you up, you want somebody to respect privacy," Pastor Andy Morris, who's known the family for six years, told the crowd. 
  
 Morris said he met with the family just before the vigil. 
  
 "They're still very hopeful, still very faithful, they believe Noah is going to be found," Morris said. "This family is heartbroken, this family is searching day and night because they desire for their loved one to come back home." 
  
 Sheriff Weaver said earlier in the afternoon that the rumors about Noah's family - specifically citing those about his father's criminal history and his grandmother's relationship - need to stop. 
  
 He said they've looked into the family and added they are good citizens. Weaver also said time spent investigating rumors and speculation is hindering more constructive search efforts. 
  
 Noah went missing last Thursday afternoon while on a nature walk in the Chester County woods with his grandmother. He was added to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children's website this week. ||||| As the search for 2-year-old Noah Chamberlin continues, a community is rallying around the search and praying he is found safe. 
  
 As the search for 2-year-old Noah Chamberlin continues, a community is rallying around the search and praying he is found safe. 
  
 Major developments in the search for missing 2-year-old to be announced at 4 p.m. 
  
 Two-year-old Noah Chamberlin went missing January 14, but the search for him has not let up. 
  
 Hundreds of law enforcement officials have remained relentless in the search and are swarming Chester County to find the missing boy. The toddler disappeared nearly a week ago while walking with his grandmother and sister in the woods near his home in Pinson, Tennessee, just 11 miles outside of Jackson. 
  
 Chester County Sheriff Blair Weaver is still calling the search for Noah a search and rescue operation, despite seemingly deadly conditions in the woods Noah was lost in and the search being in its seventh day. 
  
 Law enforcement officials said during a press conference Wednesday they have reason to believe Noah will be found. 
  
 "We've got some leads we've recovered, and that's one reason we feel he's still there," they said. 
  
 Leaders would not elaborate on what type of leads or evidence they found. When pressed for how 'realistic' it is Noah will be found alive, investigators responded by saying they would not give up hope. 
  
 "We still believe he is out there and evidently a lot of people do too, because they're coming to help us. We appreciate the support; we appreciate the help," Weaver said. "We haven't stopped and we're not going to stop." 
  
 The Scale of the Search 
  
 Weaver said they are expecting to scale back the search for Noah on Friday due to inclement weather. 
  
 Currently, numerous resources and tools have been brought in to assist in the search for Noah, but many of those may be pulled out on Friday to help the county deal with winter weather. 
  
 Search leaders said even if they have to scale back the amount of equipment being used, that will not signify an end in the search. They are adamant they will not quit searching for Noah. 
  
 Officials searched throughout the night Tuesday and expanded the area from the 1,000 acres previously searched up through Tuesday. 
  
 Volunteers 
  
 The terrain is muddy and one man even flew to Tennessee from California to help officials search for Noah. 
  
 Volunteers are anxious to get back out to search for Noah. However, officials are not allowing volunteers to return to the search due to the hazards of the weather. Volunteers could get injured if they search during this time. 
  
 "They're doing everything in God's power to find this child," search volunteer Gerald Parish said. "Everything that you can think of, they've thought of." 
  
 Parish has been out searching and has seen it firsthand. He said he's surprised they haven't found Noah, but at the same time, he admits the area he went missing in is vast and hard to search. 
  
 Suspicions Arise 
  
 Many people aren't as forgiving as Parish--some are getting suspicious about Noah's disappearance. 
  
 TBI officials said they are still not doing an investigation and are only assisting in the search. 
  
 Law enforcement said FBI and TBI have thoroughly vetted family members and have cleared the family. They do not believe the past history has anything to do with the missing child. 
  
 Noah's father has been in trouble for narcotics in San Bernardino, California, but has no recorded problems in Tennessee. 
  
 TBI said it can only investigate if a district attorney requests an investigation, which has not happened yet. 
  
 A district attorney from a different county with zero ties to this case said state law prohibits the Chester County District Attorney from asking for a TBI investigation unless there is reasonable cause to suspect criminal activity. 
  
 He said being unable to find Noah is not evidence of criminal activity. 
  
 Additionally, Child Protective Services with the Department of Children's Services said they could not comment on if they have any past history with the family, but they did say they are not currently involved with the family at this time. 
  
 "Sheriff Weaver is telling us that they [family] would prefer not to address the media at this time. Maybe they're waiting for a result," Tom Mapes,Madison County Sheriff's Department, said. 
  
 While frustration may be mounting for those following the search for Noah, others said every effort possible is being made to bring the little boy home. 
  
 "They're doing everything humanly possible that they can do to find this child," Parish said. 
  
 Wednesday night prayer vigil for Noah 
  
 The community came together Wednesday and instead of church services, they gathered for a prayer vigil in Noah's honor. 
  
 One of the pastors said he would not be surprised if the entire gymnasium at Chester County High School is full of people wanting to pray for the toddler. 
  
 It's been a tough seven days for the community. People have donated their time and money to help find Noah. Now, they're coming together through faith with an evening prayer vigil. All of them will be praying for a miraculous rescue that would bring Noah home. 
  
 "Regardless of the outcome--trusting in God and trusting that he is in control, that he ultimately has control of Noah's life--that, I believe, is the main source for the comfort of prayer," Pastor John Gaters of Pinson Baptist Church said. 
  
 While people were praying, law enforcement were searching. 
  
 At a time when many would be losing hope, the Chester County community is staying faithful to pray for a miracle. 
  
 "The game plan remains the same. The goal is to find him," Mapes said. 
  
 Many gathered together at the school to pray for Noah and for a safe return and for answers. 
  
 "I'll just be glad when they have answers," Angela Harris said 
  
 "I'm just grateful that the community we live in people come together, they'll help, come together and help," Tim Roland said. 
  
 The community is also rallying behind Sheriff Blair Weaver, who continues to search relentlessly for the toddler. 
  
 Weaver said at some point, the search will need to be scaled back and that could begin after Wednesday night. 
  
 Rough Terrain and Dropping Temperatures 
  
 The dropping temperatures and rough terrain are making the search for little Noah even more difficult. 
  
 "It is rough country. You could step off into the hole and not even know it's there," Charles Wooley said. 
  
 Wooley has spent all of his 70-plus years living in the area, and he said sinkholes are an easy way to break a leg. 
  
 "Here's how they normally start: as the water runs, it can get deeper and deeper and deeper," Wooley said. 
  
 Sinkholes are all over Wooley's farm. He said the woods where Noah went missing has much rougher terrain than his, so navigating over the hills and gulleys and through the trees is tricky. 
  
 Sometimes the holes are completely covered in grass. 
  
 He said those woods would be tough to survive in, even for a trained adult. 
  
 "If they dropped in there--and sometimes dirt and mud could fall on them--you'd never know he's there," Wooley said. 
  
 To make it more difficult, Wooley said it rained in the area Thursday night after Noah went missing. 
  
 "If the soil in the hole underneath is soupy enough, or loose, they could keep on going," Wooley said. 
  
 That is why he believes thousands of people and dogs with all kinds of equipment have not found Noah in seven days of searching. 
  
 He is worried it could end up being the reason they never do. 
  
 "Losing a child has to be one of the most horrible things a parent could face," Wooley said. "It's just a sad situation and you can't put it any other way." 
  
 Searchers have been using special cameras to look inside sinkholes for the past few days. 
  
 But, there are so many of them, it could take a while to check every one. 
  
 Copyright 2016 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. |||||
What is a summary?