The head of Microsoft's XBox said "We will do better in the future" after a party featuring dancers in skimpy school girl outfits has sparked controversy. Christie Smith reports. (Published Friday, March 18, 2016) 
  
 Microsoft says it was "unequivocally wrong" to hire scantily dressed dancers to perform at an official Game Developers Conference after-party in San Francisco. 
  
 Videos and pictures of dancers dressed in schoolgirl costumes at Thursday's event sparked a firestorm of criticism after attendees voiced complaints on social media. 
  
 “I like dancing, I like talking to devs. But not at this #GDC16 party. Thanks for pushing me out of this party, Microsoft,” tweeted Kamina Vincent. 
  
 In a statement, Xbox chief Phil Spencer acknowledged the event "disappointed many people" and pledged to "do better in the future." 
  
 "We represented Xbox and Microsoft in a way that was not consistent or aligned to our values," Spencer's statement said. "It was unequivocally wrong and will not be tolerated. I know we disappointed many people and I'm personally committed to holding ourselves to higher standards. We must ensure that diversity and inclusion are central to our everyday business and core values. We will do better in the future." 
  
 At the conference, aspiring developer Aryn Rozelle was surprised to hear word spread about what’s described as "an invitation only" after party for Microsoft’s Xbox division. 
  
 “It’s not necessarily appropriate when you’re going to have such a diverse audience of attendees,” she said. 
  
 Videos and pictures posted on social media show dancers in short skirts and cut off tops. 
  
 Josh Samuels, who moderated an International Game Developer’s Association “Women in Games Allies” roundtable, said he believes there is more work to be done in an industry that pushing for inclusion. 
  
 “I’m willing to give companies the benefit of the doubt if they immediately disavow and say no we did not want that,” Samuels said. “Diversity is becoming more of a front burner concern for sure. I think having something like exotic dancers at a Microsoft party is a big step back from that.” ||||| Microsoft is in hot water after the company’s after-hours party at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco featured dancers in “sexy schoolgirl” outfits dancing on podiums. 
  
 Phil Spencer, head of Microsoft’s Xbox division, issued a statement declaring the decision to have the dancers at the party “unequivocally wrong.” 
  
 “It has come to my attention that at Xbox-hosted events at GDC this past week, we represented Xbox and Microsoft in a way that was absolutely not consistent or aligned to our values,” Spencer said. “That was unequivocally wrong and will not be tolerated. This matter is being handled internally, but let me be very clear — how we represent ourselves as individuals, who we hire and partner with and how we engage with others is a direct reflection of our brand and what we stand for. When we do the opposite, and create an environment that alienates or offends any group, we justly deserve the criticism.” 
  
 Also Read: Microsoft Isn't Saying Why It's Closing One Of Its Biggest Video Game Studios 
  
 Flashy after-hours parties at GDC cause controversy seemingly on an annual basis, and the reason for it is usually the same: the hiring of female dancers to perform during the parties. Microsoft is at the center of this year’s controversy this year, but in 2015 the chief offender was graphics card maker Nvidia, which also featured dancers at its 2016 event. 
  
 @spamoir I was going to do the same thing pic.twitter.com/FB6rsmcf7R — Farah Khalaf @ GDC (@farahkhlf) March 18, 2016 
  
 The games industry has a reputation as a boy’s club that would prefer to keep women out, and it’s a common complaint that parties like this one do nothing but reinforce that idea. Consequently, that’s believed to have discouraged women from seeking careers in the industry. 
  
 A 2014 Independent Game Developers Association survey indicated that less than a quarter of the game industry workforce was female. 
  
 Earlier on Thursday Microsoft held a Women in Games luncheon at the conference. ||||| Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives. 
  
 Enlarge Image IvanMoen/Instagram screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET 
  
 Every time you think the era of booth babes has passed, something else comes along to make you wonder whether tech has changed at all. 
  
 At Microsoft's official Xbox party on Thursday night at the Game Developer Conference in San Francisco, dancers entertained in tight bra-like tops and fishnet tights. Their short plaid skirts suggested a sort of comely schoolgirl look. 
  
 That didn't sit well with some attendees, watchdogs and even company officials who note the display runs contrary to the company's said efforts to be more inclusive and to help elevate women in their careers in technology. 
  
 Microsoft didn't say who hired the dancers and even Aaron Greenberg, head of Xbox games marketing, was apparently unaware of what the night had in store. 
  
 "Very disappointed to see this, going to follow up with team," Greenberg tweeted on Friday. 
  
 The company later took full responsibility. 
  
 "We represented Xbox and Microsoft in a way that was not consistent or aligned to our values," Xbox head Phil Spencer said in a statement, referring to the party. "It was unequivocally wrong and will not be tolerated. I know we disappointed many people and I'm personally committed to holding ourselves to higher standards. We must ensure that diversity and inclusion are central to our everyday business and core values. We will do better in the future." 
  
 The Twitterverse, of course, was not as formal in its response to the party's entertainment. 
  
 Giant Spacekat co-founder Brianna Wu, a game developer who has been vocal about antagonistic attitudes toward women in the industry, tweeted: "Extremely disappointed @Microsoft and @Xbox hired women wearing these outfits to perform at @gd. PLEASE RT." 
  
 Kamina Vincent, who attended the party, tweeted that the party cements her place as a customer of rival console Sony PlayStation. She later added: "Making a formal complaint tomorrow. I will not stand for this. I'm trying to encourage women into the industry then this happens." 
  
 It seems that no matter how obvious the issue is, some eyes remain closed and some ears remain deaf. For all the necessary and strident conversation about the role of women in technology, there are those who believe nothing has changed and every tech festival still celebrates sausages. 
  
 But this was Microsoft, the same company that had, earlier in the conference, sponsored a "Women In Games" lunch. 
  
 This is the same Microsoft whose CEO, Satya Nadella, mused that women in tech shouldn't ask for raises, but instead rely on good karma. (He subsequently apologized.) 
  
 Microsoft isn't alone in knowing it should address such attitudes. But then someone goes and spoils it all. 
  
 I suspect that someone might be dancing on hot coals today. ||||| In an email, Kathleen Hogan says the company’s top leaders were “embarrassed and appalled” when they heard about scantily clad female dancers at the Xbox-hosted party. 
  
 The appearance of scantily clad female dancers at an Xbox event this week was “unacceptable in terms of how we treat women and how we represent Microsoft,” Kathleen Hogan, the Redmond company’s human resources chief, said in an email to employees on Saturday. 
  
 Hogan’s email comes after the company was criticized for the appearance of dancers in schoolgirl outfits, apparently hired to entertain guests at a party the company’s Xbox unit hosted on the sidelines of the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco. 
  
 The scene, which came to light in social media posts Friday, highlighted for some the history of sexism in the video game business, along with the male-dominated technology industry’s struggles to build a more diverse workforce. 
  
 The images emerged as Microsoft’s senior leadership team, the company’s dozen senior leaders, and other executives were wrapping up a two-day annual planning retreat at a resort in central Washington. 
  
 “When we heard about this and saw the photos, the entire Senior Leadership Team was embarrassed and appalled,” Hogan said in her email. “We are not going to tolerate this.” 
  
 The group within Microsoft’s legal team responsible for looking into breaches of company policy was investigating the event, Hogan said. 
  
 Hogan, appointed to the HR post at the end of 2014, also forwarded to all Microsoft employees the note Xbox chief Phil Spencer sent to his team on Friday. Hogan said she had heard from many employees directly and on the company’s Yammer social networking service after the event. 
  
 “It is not a stretch to say that the company as a whole is shocked and upset, and that we all are determined that this is never repeated,” Hogan said. 
  
 Read the rest of Hogan’s email below: 
  
 From: Kathleen Hogan 
  
 Sent: Saturday, March 19, 2016 3:56 PM 
  
 To: Microsoft – All Employees; Retail: All FTE 
  
 Subject: Microsoft Values & Commitment 
  
 I’m sharing Phil Spencer’s mail about the party Microsoft sponsored Thursday evening in San Francisco at the Game Developers Conference. When we heard about this and saw the photos, the entire Senior Leadership Team was embarrassed and appalled. 
  
 This is unacceptable in terms of how we treat women and how we represent Microsoft, and it undermines the culture we are working so hard to cultivate – one that is diverse and inclusive and grounded in a growth mindset. 
  
 We are not going to tolerate this. I appreciate that we will be judged by our deeds, and not just our words. And yet every day, we see our people taking important and meaningful steps forward in our journey towards inclusion. As one example, at this same Game Developers Conference we had dedicated and passionate Microsoft employees sponsoring a Gaming 4 Everyone event. 
  
 I have heard from many of you individually and on Yammer that you can’t believe we let this happen. It is not a stretch to say that the company as a whole is shocked and upset, and that we all are determined that this is never repeated. In addition to what Phil says, Microsoft’s Employee Relations Investigations Team is involved to make sure we have a full understanding of what happened. And beyond this incident, we are strengthening our commitment to our diversity and inclusion efforts, while evaluating where we must take stronger action to show we are more resolute than ever to make progress and hold ourselves accountable. 
  
 Kathleen |||||

Write a summary.