Given the question: Information:  - Mega Man Zero 2 , known in Japan as Rockman Zero 2 ( 2 , Rokkuman Zero Ts ) , is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) handheld game console . It is the second video game in the Mega Man Zero subseries of Mega Man video games . It was also released the same day in North America as Mega Man X7 was . It was released in Japan on the Wii U 's Virtual Console on January 7 , 2015 .  - Ippo Yamada ( "Yamada Ipp ") is a video game music composer. He has contributed music to such titles as "Mega Man Zero" (2002), "Mega Man ZX" (2006), "Mega Man 9" (2008), and "Azure Striker Gunvolt" (2014). He is a founding member of Inti Creates, a Japanese video game development company formed by ex-Capcom staff in May 1996.  - Mega Man X7, known as in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 (PS2) console. It is the seventh main game in the "Mega Man X" series and the first in the series to appear on the sixth generation of gaming consoles. "Mega Man X7" was first released in Japan on July 17, 2003, with North American and European releases following in October and March respectively. It was also released for the PC in Asia. It is the first "Mega Man X" in the series to feature bilingual audio. The next game in the series, "Mega Man X8", also features bilingual audio.Thus, it is the first and only Mega Man X game to be third-person shooter.  - They have also published several music albums composed and arranged by "III", whose members are Ippo Yamada, Ryo Kawakami, Luna Umegaki, Tsutomu Kurihara, and Masaki Suzuki, amongst others. On August 29, 2014, they released their first self-published games "Azure Striker Gunvolt" and its cross-promotion "Mighty Gunvolt".  - Mega Man, alternatively written as Megaman and MegaMan, known as in Japan, is a video game franchise created by Capcom, starring the robot character Mega Man, or one of his many counterparts. "Mega Man", released for the Nintendo Entertainment System or NES in 1987, began a series of over 50 games on multiple systems. By March 2015, the series had sold approximately thirty million copies worldwide, and is often cited as one of the most renowned video game franchises of all time.  - Mega Man X8, known as in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the Sony PlayStation 2 console. It is the eighth and, to date, final game in the "Mega Man X" series (excluding spin-offs and remakes). It was first released in North America on December 7, 2004. The PS2 version, as well as a PC iteration, were released in Japan and Europe the following year. On December 16 2015, it was released on PlayStation Network in Japan.  - The PlayStation 2 (abbreviated as PS2) is a home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the successor to the PlayStation, and is the second installment in the PlayStation lineup of consoles. It was released on March 4, 2000 in Japan, October 26, 2000 in North America, November 24, 2000 in Europe, and November 17, 2000 in Australia. It competed with Sega's Dreamcast, Microsoft's Xbox, and Nintendo's GameCube in the sixth generation of video game consoles.  - Asia is Earth's largest and most populous continent, located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres and sharing the continental landmass of Eurasia with the continent of Europe. Asia covers an area of , about 30% of Earth's total land area and 8.7% of the Earth's total surface area. The continent, which has long been home to the majority of the human population, was the site of many of the first civilizations. Asia is notable for not only its overall large size and population, but also dense and large settlements as well as vast barely populated regions within the continent of 4.4 billion people.  - Resident Evil, known as in Japan, is a survival horror video game-based media franchise created by Shinji Mikami and Tokuro Fujiwara and owned by the video game company Capcom. The franchise focuses around a series of survival horror video games, but has since branched out into comic books, novels, novelizations, sound dramas, live-action films, animated sequels to the games, and a variety of associated merchandise, such as action figures. The series' overarching plot focuses on multiple characters, and their roles in recurring outbreaks of zombies and other monsters, initially due to the release of the T-virus, but still more biological weapons over time, created mainly by the fictional Umbrella Corporation and various other organizations in later games.  - The Mega Man Zero series, known as in Japan, is a series in Capcom's "Mega Man" video game franchise. It was developed by Inti Creates, with Co-Producer Keiji Inafune and Director Yoshinori Kawano. The series consists of four games that were first released on the Game Boy Advance and later on the Nintendo DS and the Virtual Console (Wii U).  - The (abbreviated as GBA) is a 32-bit handheld video game console developed, manufactured and marketed by Nintendo as the successor to the Game Boy Color. It was released in Japan on March 21, 2001, in North America on June 11, 2001, in Australia and Europe on June 22, 2001, and in the People's Republic of China on June 8, 2004 (excluding Hong Kong). Nintendo's competitors in the handheld market at the time were the Neo Geo Pocket Color, WonderSwan, GP32, Tapwave Zodiac, and the N-Gage. Despite the competitors' best efforts, Nintendo maintained a majority market share with the Game Boy Advance. As of June 30, 2010, the Game Boy Advance series has sold 81.51 million units worldwide. Its successor, the Nintendo DS, was released in November 2004 and is also compatible with Game Boy Advance software.  - The is an 8-bit handheld video game device with interchangeable cartridges developed and manufactured by Nintendo, which was first released in Japan on , in North America on and in Europe on . It is the first handheld console in the Game Boy line and was created by Satoru Okada and Nintendo Research & Development 1. This same team, led by Gunpei Yokoi at the time, is credited with designing the Game & Watch series as well as several popular games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Redesigned versions were released in 1996 and 1998 in the form of Game Boy Pocket and Game Boy Light (Japan only), respectively.  - The Neo Geo Pocket Color (also stylized as NEOGEOPOCKET COLOR, often abbreviated NGPC), is a 16-bit color handheld video game console manufactured by SNK. It is a successor to SNK's monochrome Neo Geo Pocket handheld which debuted in 1998 in Japan, with the Color being fully backward compatible. The Neo Geo Pocket Color was released on March 16, 1999 in Japan, August 6, 1999 in North America, and on October 1, 1999 in Europe, entering markets all dominated by Nintendo.  - The or simply, DS, is a 32-bit dual-screen handheld game console developed and released by Nintendo. The device went on sale in North America on November 21, 2004. The DS, short for "Developers' System" or "Dual Screen", introduced distinctive new features to handheld gaming: two LCD screens working in tandem (the bottom one featuring a touchscreen), a built-in microphone, and support for wireless connectivity. Both screens are encompassed within a clamshell design similar to the Game Boy Advance SP. The Nintendo DS also features the ability for multiple DS consoles to directly interact with each other over Wi-Fi within a short range without the need to connect to an existing wireless network. Alternatively, they could interact online using the now-closed Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection service. Its main competitor was Sony's PlayStation Portable as part of the seventh generation era.  - The Tapwave Zodiac is a former mobile entertainment console. Tapwave announced the system in May 2003 and began shipping in October of that same year. The Zodiac was designed to be a high-performance mobile entertainment system centered on games, music, photos, and video for 18- to 34-year-old gamers and technology enthusiasts. By running an enhanced version of the Palm Operating System (5.2T), Zodiac also provided access to Palms personal information management software and many other applications from the Palm developer community. The company was based in Mountain View, California.  - The is a handheld game console released in Japan by Bandai. It was developed by Gunpei Yokoi's company Koto Laboratory and Bandai. Released in 1999 in the fifth generation of video game consoles, the WonderSwan and its two later models, the WonderSwan Color and SwanCrystal were officially supported until being discontinued by Bandai in 2003. During its lifespan, no variation of the WonderSwan was released outside Japan.  - , or Capcom, is a Japanese developer and publisher of video games, known for creating multi-million-selling franchises such as "Mega Man", "Street Fighter", "Resident Evil", "Devil May Cry", "Ace Attorney", and "Monster Hunter," as well as games based on the Disney animated properties. Originally established in 1979, it has since become an international enterprise with subsidiaries in North America, Europe, and East Asia.  - Mega Man X (after "X4" stylized as Megaman X), known in Japan as , is a "Mega Man" series of action platform games released by Capcom. It was initially released on December 17, 1993 in Japan (January 1994 in North America) on the Super NES/Super Famicom and spawned sequels on several systems, most of which were later ported to the PC platform. The plot is a continuation of the preceding series, "Mega Man". The game play introduced new elements to the "Mega Man" franchise including the ability to dash and climb walls. The first six games in the series were compiled in the anthology "Mega Man X Collection".  - The original console in the series was the first video game console to ship 100 million units, 9 years and 6 months after its initial launch. Its successor, the PlayStation 2, was released in 2000. The PlayStation 2 is the best-selling home console to date, having reached over 155 million units sold as of December 28, 2012. Sony's next console, the PlayStation 3, was released in 2006 and has sold over 80 million consoles worldwide as of November 2013. Sony's latest console, the PlayStation 4, was released in 2013, selling 1 million consoles in its first 24 hours on sale, becoming the fastest selling console in history.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'mega man zero 2' exhibits the relationship of 'producer'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - europe  - gunpei yokoi  - keiji inafune  - man  - mountain  - shinji mikami  - sony  - various
The answer is: