Information:  - Cary Grant (born Archibald Alexander Leach; January 18, 1904  November 29, 1986) was a British-American actor, known as one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men. He began a career in Hollywood in the early 1930s, and became known for his transatlantic accent, debonair demeanor, and light-hearted approach to acting and sense of comic timing. He became an American citizen in 1942.  - Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. (known professionally as Sony Pictures Entertainment and Sony Pictures and abbreviated as SPE) is an American entertainment company that produces, acquires and distributes filmed entertainment (theatrical motion pictures, television programs and recorded videos) through multiple platforms. It operates as a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment Inc., which is the parent company for both the music and motion picture businesses of Sony Corporation. Based in Culver City, California, it encompasses Sony's motion picture, television production and distribution units. Its group sales in the fiscal year 2015 (April 2015-March 2016) has been reported to be of $8.3 billion.  - Frank Russell Capra (born Francesco Rosario Capra; May 18, 1897September 3, 1991) was an Italian-American film director, producer and writer who became the creative force behind some of the major award-winning films of the 1930s and 1940s. Born in Italy and raised in Los Angeles from the age of five, his rags-to-riches story has led film historians such as Ian Freer to consider him the "American dream personified."  - Ann Sothern (born Harriette Arlene Lake; January 22, 1909  March 15, 2001) was an American stage, radio, film, and television actress whose career spanned six decades. Sothern began her career in the late 1920s in bit parts in films. In 1930, she made her Broadway stage debut and soon worked her way up to starring roles. In 1939, MGM cast her as Maisie Ravier, a brash yet lovable Brooklyn showgirl. The character, based on the "Maisie" short stories by Nell Martin, proved to be popular and spawned a successful film series ("Congo Maisie", "Gold Rush Maisie", "Up Goes Maisie", etc.) and a network radio series ("The Adventures of Maisie").  - Catherine Rosalind Russell (June 4, 1907  November 28, 1976) was an American actress of stage and screen, known for her role as fast-talking newspaper reporter Hildy Johnson in the Howard Hawks screwball comedy "His Girl Friday" (1940), as well as for her portrayals of Mame Dennis in "Auntie Mame" (1958) and Rose in "Gypsy" (1962). A noted comedian, she won all five Golden Globes for which she was nominated. Russell won a Tony Award in 1953 for Best Performance by an Actress in a Musical for her portrayal of Ruth in the Broadway show "Wonderful Town" (a musical based on the film "My Sister Eileen", in which she also starred). She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress four times throughout her career.  - The Sony Pictures Entertainment Motion Picture Group (commonly known as the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group and formerly known as the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group until 2013 and abbreviated as SPMPG) is a division of Sony Pictures Entertainment to manage its motion picture operations. It was launched in 1998 by integrating businesses of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. and TriStar Pictures, Inc.   - Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (known professionally as Columbia Pictures and Columbia, and formerly CBC Film Sales Corporation) is an American film studio, production company and film distributor that is a member of the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group, a division of Sony Entertainment's Sony Pictures subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Sony. The studio was founded in 1918 as Cohn-Brandt-Cohn Film Sales by brothers Jack and Harry Cohn and Jack's best friend Joe Brandt, released its first feature film in August 1922. It adopted the Columbia Pictures name in 1924, and went public two years later. Its name is derived from "Columbia", a national personification of the United States, which is used as the studio's logo. In its early years, it was a minor player in Hollywood, but began to grow in the late 1920s, spurred by a successful association with director Frank Capra. With Capra and others, Columbia became one of the primary homes of the screwball comedy. In the 1930s, Columbia's major contract stars were Jean Arthur and Cary Grant. In the 1940s, Rita Hayworth became the studio's premier star and propelled their fortunes into the late 1950s. Rosalind Russell, Glenn Ford, and William Holden also became major stars at the studio.  - Edmund Dantes Lowe (March 3, 1890  April 21, 1971) was an American actor. His formative experience began in vaudeville and silent film. He was born in San Jose, California. His father was a local judge. His childhood home was at 314 North 1st Street, San Jose. He attended Santa Clara College and entertained the idea of becoming a priest before starting his acting career. He died in Woodland Hills, California of lung cancer.  - Rita Hayworth (born Margarita Carmen Cansino; October 17, 1918May 14, 1987) was an American actress and dancer. She achieved fame during the 1940s as one of the era's top stars, appearing in a total of 61 films over 37 years. The press coined the term "love goddess" to describe Hayworth after she had become the most glamorous screen idol of the 1940s. She was the top pin-up girl for GIs during World War II.  - Harry Cohn (July 23, 1891  February 27, 1958) was the American film president, film producer and production director of Columbia Pictures Corporation.  - A silent film is a film with no synchronized recorded sound, especially with no spoken dialogue. The silent film era lasted from 1895 to 1936. In silent films for entertainment, the dialogue is transmitted through muted gestures, mime and title cards which contain a written indication of the plot or key dialogue. The idea of combining motion pictures with recorded sound is nearly as old as film itself, but because of the technical challenges involved, synchronized dialogue was only made practical in the late 1920s with the perfection of the Audion amplifier tube and the introduction of the Vitaphone system. During silent films, a pianist, theatre organist, or, in large cities, even a small orchestra would often play music to accompany the films. Pianists and organists would either play from sheet music or improvise; an orchestra would play from sheet music.  - Nell Martin (18901961) was an American author from Illinois specializing in light-hearted mysteries and short stories. She also published under Columbia Boyer and her full name Nell Columbia Boyer Martin. Having also worked as a strawberry picker, newspaper reporter, taxi-cab driver, lawyers assistant, laundry worker, singer, actress and press agent before becoming a writer, she referred to herself as a "Jill of all trades."  - Lung cancer, also known as lung carcinoma, is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung. If left untreated, this growth can spread beyond the lung by the process of metastasis into nearby tissue or other parts of the body. Most cancers that start in the lung, known as primary lung cancers, are carcinomas. The two main types are small-cell lung carcinoma (SCLC) and non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). The most common symptoms are coughing (including coughing up blood), weight loss, shortness of breath, and chest pains. The vast majority (85%) of cases of lung cancer are due to long-term tobacco smoking. About 1015% of cases occur in people who have never smoked. These cases are often caused by a combination of genetic factors and exposure to radon gas, asbestos, second-hand smoke, or other forms of air pollution. Lung cancer may be seen on chest radiographs and computed tomography (CT) scans. The diagnosis is confirmed by biopsy which is usually performed by bronchoscopy or CT-guidance. Prevention is by avoiding risk factors including smoking and air pollution. Treatment and long-term outcomes depend on the type of cancer, the stage (degree of spread), and the person's overall health. Most cases are not curable. Common treatments include surgery, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy. NSCLC is sometimes treated with surgery, whereas SCLC usually responds better to chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Worldwide in 2012, lung cancer occurred in 1.8 million people and resulted in 1.6 million deaths. This makes it the most common cause of cancer-related death in men and second most common in women after breast cancer. The most common age at diagnosis is 70 years. Overall, 17.4% of people in the United States diagnosed with lung cancer survive five years after the diagnosis, while outcomes on average are worse in the developing world. Signs and symptoms. Signs and symptoms which may suggest lung cancer include:  - The Adventures of Maisie (aka Maisie) was a radio comedy series starring Ann Sothern as underemployed entertainer Maisie Ravier and a spin-off of Sothern's successful 19391947 "Maisie" movie series, based on the "Maisie" short stories by Nell Martin. (An article in the Fall 2016 issue of "Films of the Golden Age said that the concept for the "Maisie" series came from the story "Dark Dame" by Wilson Collison.) The series was broadcast on CBS Radio, NBC Radio, the Mutual Radio Network, and Mutual flagship radio station WHN in New York City.  - Sony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the Sony Group, which is engaged in business through its four operating components  electronics (video games, network services and medical business), motion pictures, music and financial services. These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world. Sony's principal business operations include Sony Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Mobile (formerly Sony Ericsson) and Sony Financial. Sony is among the Semiconductor sales leaders by year and as of 2013, the fourth-largest television manufacturer in the world, after Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and TCL.  - Let 's Fall in Love is a 1933 American Pre-Code romantic musical film starring Edmund Lowe and Ann Sothern . Released by Columbia Pictures , the film was directed by David Burton and written by Herbert Fields .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'let's fall in love ' exhibits the relationship of 'producer'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - air  - cary grant  - columbia  - harry cohn  - howard hawks  - italy  - mgm  - nbc  - rita hayworth  - sony  - tristar pictures  - vitaphone
A: