Here is a news article: Where will the music industry be in 20 years, 30 years, 50 years? 
  
 Before I tell you my thoughts on the matter, you should know that you're reading the opinion of an enthusiastic optimist: one of the few living souls in the music industry who still believes that the music industry is not dying…it's just coming alive. 
  
 There are many (many) people who predict the downfall of music sales and the irrelevancy of the album as an... ||||| For no obvious reason, but presumably because she wanted a stipple, Taylor Swift has an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal. It's about the future of the music industry and how she has hope despite declining album sales (which, as many have noted, is easier to say when you are one of the only artists still selling albums by the million). A sample: "I'd like to point out that people are still buying albums, but now they're buying just a few of them. They are buying only the ones that hit them like an arrow through the heart or have made them feel strong or allowed them to feel like they really aren't alone in feeling so alone." Albums like hers, you see. Swift goes on to say that she does realize "it isn't as easy today as it was 20 years ago to have a multiplatinum-selling album," but "that should challenge and motivate us." To form that bond. To make that arrow album. To take those selfies: 
  
 There are a few things I have witnessed becoming obsolete in the past few years, the first being autographs. I haven't been asked for an autograph since the invention of the iPhone with a front-facing camera. The only memento "kids these days" want is a selfie. It's part of the new currency, which seems to be "how may followers you have on Instagram. 
  
 And can you guess whom she's talking about here? 
  
 A friend of mine, who is an actress, told me that when the casting for her recent movie came down to two actresses, the casting director chose the actress with more Twitter followers. I see this becoming a trend in the music industry. For me, this dates back to 2005 when I walked into my first record-label meetings, explaining to them that I had been communicating directly with my fans on this new site called Myspace. In the future, artists will get record deals because they have fans—not the other way around. 
  
 If Taylor's vision comes true, you'll be seeing lots more YouTube celebs and Vine stars crossing getting record deals. As for Taylor herself? Here is her parting wish: "I'd also like a nice garden." ||||| Taylor Swift's essay for the Wall Street Journal's 125th anniversary issue has just gone up online, and never has the haunting chorus of Swift's runaway 2009 hit "You Belong With Me"— 
  
 She wears short skirts. 
  
 I wear T-shirts. 
  
 She's Cheer Captain and 
  
 I'm providing a logically sound if overly simplistic and only intermittently lucid analysis of the value of "albums in today's music marketplace. 
  
 —rung so true. 
  
 The essay is titled "For Taylor Swift, the Future of Music Is a Love Story." 
  
 There's a lot to love about "For Taylor Swift, the Future of Music Is a Love Story": the woodcut portrait of Swift that accompanies it; the multi-paragraph comparison of fans' relationships to romantic relationships that appears under the italicized subhed "Arrows Through the Heart." 
  
 There is, however, also a great deal that will have to be discussed during office hours. 
  
 The basic gist of Swift's modest proposal is that Swift, a self-described "enthusiastic optimist," who, according to Forbes estimates, made $64 million last year thanks to the music industry, believes that the music industry is not dying. She also thinks that music should not be free. But these observations, as Swift states again and again (three times total), are just her opinions. ("It's my opinion that music should not be free," explains Swift, on the subject of should music be free.) 
  
 At least one person in the music industry made $64 million last year. It's important to be an optimist and have a good attitude. 
  
 Stylistically, Swift makes frequent ellipses in her writing, apparently as pauses for effect, rather than to indicate the intentional omission of words. 
  
 Before I tell you my thoughts on the matter, you should know that you're reading the opinion of an enthusiastic optimist: one of the few living souls in the music industry who still believes that the music industry is not dying…it's just coming alive. 
  
 Several of her sentences end with prepositions ("Some music is just for fun, a passing fling (the ones [consumers] dance to at clubs and parties for a month while the song is a huge radio hit, that they will soon forget they ever danced to)"); fewer with coherent thoughts ("My hope for the future, not just in the music industry, but in every young girl I meet…is that they all realize their worth and ask for it."). 
  
 The second sentence of one paragraph is devoted entirely to clearing up an imagined confusion regarding the words used in the sentence preceding it. 
  
 I think forming a bond with fans in the future will come in the form of constantly providing them with the element of surprise. No, I did not say "shock"; I said "surprise." 
  
 Did Taylor Swift say "shock"? No. She swears to God she did not. If you truly believe she said "shock," go back to the beginning of the paragraph and read it again. It is Taylor Swift's opinion that, upon doing so, you will quickly discover that she did not say "shock" until the sentence denying her initial use of that word. Of course, by now she has used "shock" multiple times. But that is a topic for another essay. 
  
 At times, Taylor Swift's logic is so sound it becomes redundant, doubling back on itself to form a perfectly circular circle, as when she states that (in her opinion) the financial value of an album is based in part on its financial value. 
  
 In my opinion, the value of an album is, and will continue to be, based on the amount of heart and soul an artist has bled into a body of work, and the financial value that artists (and their labels) place on their music when it goes out into the marketplace. 
  
 Elsewhere, as on the topic of the scarcity of art, her logic seems stretched. 
  
 Music is art, and art is important and rare. Important, rare things are valuable. Valuable things should be paid for. 
  
 And occasionally mathematically sweaty. 
  
 There will always be an increasing fixation on the private lives of musicians, especially the younger ones. 
  
 Perhaps inevitably for a millionaire so famously humble, Swift's essay is peppered with humble brags. 
  
 It isn't as easy today as it was 20 years ago to have a multiplatinum-selling album, and as artists, that should challenge and motivate us. 
  
 In the YouTube generation we live in, I walked out onstage every night of my stadium tour last year knowing almost every fan had already seen the show online. 
  
 A friend of mine, who is an actress... 
  
 I haven't been asked for an autograph since the invention of the iPhone with a front-facing camera. 
  
 One thing Taylor Swift did not brag about: the shit-ass gardens junking up the premises of each of her multimillion dollar homes: 
  
 And as for me? I'll just be sitting back and growing old, watching all of this happen or not happen, all the while trying to maintain a life rooted in this same optimism. And I'd also like a nice garden. 
  
 Of course, it is Gawker's opinion that the entire essay is worth reading, particularly for fans of opinions. 
  
 What can you do? She's better in rhyme. 
  
 [Image via Getty] ||||| The seed for Wide00014 was: 
  
 - Slash pages from every domain on the web: 
  
  
  
  
  
 -- a ranking of all URLs that have more than one incoming inter-domain link (rank was determined by number of incoming links using Wide00012 inter domain links) 
  
  
  
 -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked URLs per domain 
  
 - Top ranked pages (up to a max of 100) from every linked-to domain using the Wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph ||||| Photo by Valerie Macon/AFP/Getty Images 
  
 Taylor Swift has written an op-ed for the Wall Street Journal about the future of the record business. “There are many (many) people who predict the downfall of music sales and the irrelevancy of the album as an economic entity. I am not one of them,” she declares. What might save the industry? Love, of course. From there on, the piece lets loose a spectacular string of metaphors, similes, and analogies comparing music to affairs of the heart. Which is to say, it’s exactly what you’d want from a Taylor Swift op-ed in America’s most prestigious business newspaper. Its major points: 
  
 Artists and labels are just like underappreciated girlfriends. 
  
 In recent years, you've probably read the articles about major recording artists who have decided to practically give their music away, for this promotion or that exclusive deal. My hope for the future, not just in the music industry, but in every young girl I meet … is that they all realize their worth and ask for it. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
  
  
 People treat music like romance. 
  
 Get Slate in your inbox. 
  
 The way I see it, fans view music the way they view their relationships. Some music is just for fun, a passing fling (the ones they dance to at clubs and parties for a month while the song is a huge radio hit, that they will soon forget they ever danced to). Some songs and albums represent seasons of our lives, like relationships that we hold dear in our memories but had their time and place in the past. 
  
 However, some artists will be like finding "the one." We will cherish every album they put out until they retire and we will play their music for our children and grandchildren. 
  
 And if a couple can stay together for decades by occasionally mixing it up in the bedroom, so too can artists create long-term bonds with their fans. 
  
 I think forming a bond with fans in the future will come in the form of constantly providing them with the element of surprise. No, I did not say "shock"; I said "surprise." I believe couples can stay in love for decades if they just continue to surprise each other, so why can't this love affair exist between an artist and their fans? 
  
 People will pay for music that makes them feel feelings. 
  
 I'd like to point out that people are still buying albums, but now they're buying just a few of them. They are buying only the ones that hit them like an arrow through the heart or have made them feel strong or allowed them to feel like they really aren't alone in feeling so alone. |||||
A summary of this is?