Answer the following question: Information:  - Wario Land 3 , known in Japan as Wario Land 3 : Fushigi na Orgel ( 3  ) , is a video game released for the Game Boy Color in 2000 . In this game , Mario 's archrival Wario must free a mysterious figure who is trapped inside a music box .  - Charles Martinet (born September 17, 1955) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for voicing Mario in the "Super Mario" video game series. He has voiced Mario, the title character in Nintendo's flagship video game franchise, since 1995. He also voices Baby Mario, Luigi, Baby Luigi, Wario, Waluigi and Toadsworth.  - The "Mario" franchise is the best-selling video game franchise of all time. Over 210 million units of the overall "Mario" series of games have been sold. Outside of the "Super Mario" platform series, other "Mario" genres include the "Mario Kart" racing series, sports games such as the "Mario Tennis" and "Mario Golf" series, role-playing games such as "Super Mario RPG" and "Paper Mario", and educational games such as "Mario Is Missing!" and "Mario's Time Machine". The franchise has branched into several mediums, including television shows, film, comics, and licensed merchandise. Since 1995, Mario has been voiced by Charles Martinet.  - The , referred to as GBC, is a handheld game console manufactured by Nintendo, which was released on October 21, 1998 in Japan and was released in November of the same year in international markets. It is the successor of the Game Boy.  - Japan ("Nippon" or "Nihon" ; formally "" or "Nihon-koku", means "State of Japan") is a sovereign island nation in Eastern Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, It is lying off the eastern coast of the Asia Mainland (east of China, Korea, Russia) and stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and near Taiwan in the southwest.   - Mario's Time Machine is an educational video game originally released for MS-DOS and then for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Super NES consoles. The Software Toolworks both developed and published the MS-DOS and Super NES versions in 1993, while the NES version was developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Nintendo in 1994. The MS-DOS version was re-released as "Mario's Time Machine Deluxe" in 1996.  - Super Mario Adventures is an anthology of comics that ran in "Nintendo Power" throughout 1992, featuring the characters from Nintendo's "Mario" series and based loosely on "Super Mario World". The series was also serialized in "CoroCoro Comic" in 1993. Charlie Nozawa, the artist who created the comics, is also known by the pen name Tamakichi Sakura. Kentaro Takekuma was responsible for the story, which follows Mario and Luigi as they attempt to rescue Princess Peach after she is abducted by Bowser with intent to marry her.  - Mario Tennis, known in Japan as , is a 2000 sports video game developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game console. The game was released in North America and Japan in the summer of 2000, and released in Europe later in November. It is the first tennis-based game starring Mario since "Mario's Tennis", and the second game developed by Camelot on a Nintendo system. The game is known for being the introduction of Waluigi, and the re-introduction of Princess Daisy and Birdo.  - , sometimes transliterated Gumpei Yokoi, was a Japanese video game designer. He was a long-time Nintendo employee, best known as creator of the Game & Watch handheld system, inventor of the Control Pad (whose plus-shaped design nearly all video game controllers attempt to mimic today), the original designer of the Game Boy, and producer of a few long-running and critically acclaimed video game franchises, such as "Metroid" and "Kid Icarus".  - Abandoning previous ventures in favor of toys in the 1960s, Nintendo then developed into a video game company in the 1970s, ultimately becoming one of the most influential in the industry and Japan's third most-valuable company with a market value of over $85 billion. From 1992 until 2016, Nintendo was also the majority shareholder of Major League Baseball's Seattle Mariners.  - Since his debut, Wario has become the protagonist and antihero of the "Wario Land" and "WarioWare" series, spanning handheld and console markets. In addition to appearances in spin-offs in the "Mario" series, he appears in cameos for "Kirby Super Star Ultra", "Densetsu no Stafy 3" and "Pilotwings 64". He has also been featured in other media such as the "Super Mario Adventures" graphic novel. The character has received a largely positive critical reception and has emerged as a well-established mascot for Nintendo.  - Paper Mario, known in Japanese as and originally known as Super Mario RPG 2, is a role-playing video game developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 game console. It was first released in Japan on August 11, 2000, in North America on February 5, 2001, and in Europe and Australia on October 5, 2001. "Paper Mario" was re-released for Nintendo's Wii Virtual Console in July 2007 as well as Wii U Virtual Console in 2015.  - The "Super Mario" games follow Mario's adventures in the fictional Mushroom Kingdom, usually with Mario as the player character. He is usually joined by his brother, Luigi, and occasionally by other members of the "Mario" cast. As in platform video games, the player runs and jumps across platforms and atop enemies in themed levels. The games have simple plots, typically with Mario rescuing the kidnapped Princess Peach from the primary antagonist, Bowser. The first title in the series, "Super Mario Bros.", released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1985, established gameplay concepts and elements prevalent in nearly every "Super Mario" game since. These include a multitude of power-ups and items that give Mario special magic powers such as fireball-throwing and size-changing into giant and miniature sizes.  - The Nintendo Entertainment System (commonly abbreviated as NES) is an 8-bit home video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. The best-selling gaming console of its time, the NES helped revitalize the US video game industry following the video game crash of 1983. With the NES, Nintendo introduced a now-standard business model of licensing third-party developers, authorizing them to produce and distribute titles for Nintendo's platform.  - The is an 8-bit handheld video game device with interchangeable cartridges developed and manufactured by Nintendo, which was first released in Japan on , in North America on and in Europe on . It is the first handheld console in the Game Boy line and was created by Satoru Okada and Nintendo Research & Development 1. This same team, led by Gunpei Yokoi at the time, is credited with designing the Game & Watch series as well as several popular games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Redesigned versions were released in 1996 and 1998 in the form of Game Boy Pocket and Game Boy Light (Japan only), respectively.  - There have been five "Mario Kart" games released for home consoles, three portable games, and three Namco co-developed arcade games, for a total of eleven. The latest title in the series, "Mario Kart 8", was released on Wii U in May 2014. The series has sold over 100 million copies worldwide to date. An enhanced version of "Mario Kart 8", entitled "Mario Kart 8 Deluxe", will be released on the Nintendo Switch in April 2017.  - The Game Boy line is a line of handheld game consoles developed, manufactured, and marketed by Nintendo. The product line has sold 200 million units worldwide.  - Satoru Okada (  "Okada Satoru") was the general manager of Nintendo Research & Engineering, the division designing and developing Nintendo handheld game consoles (such as the Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance, Game Boy Advance SP, and Nintendo DS consoles). He is best known for creating the original Game Boy. He was also assistant producer and director of and contributor to several Nintendo games, notably "Metroid", released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1986.  - The drum is a member of the percussion group of musical instruments. In the Hornbostel-Sachs classification system, it is a membranophone. Drums consist of at least one membrane, called a drumhead or drum skin, that is stretched over a shell and struck, either directly with the player's hands, or with a drum stick, to produce sound. There is usually a "resonance head" on the underside of the drum, typically tuned to a slightly lower pitch than the top drumhead. Other techniques have been used to cause drums to make sound, such as the thumb roll. Drums are the world's oldest and most ubiquitous musical instruments, and the basic design has remained virtually unchanged for thousands of years.  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - A music box or musical box is an automatic musical instrument that produces sounds by the use of a set of pins placed on a revolving cylinder or disc so as to pluck the tuned teeth (or "lamellae") of a steel comb. They were developed from musical snuff boxes of the 18th century and called "carillons à musique". Some of the more complex boxes also have a tiny drum and/or bells, in addition to the metal comb.  - , subtitled Legend of the Seven Stars in its North American release, is a role-playing video game developed by Square (now Square Enix) and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was originally released on March 9, 1996, in Japan and on May 13, 1996, in North America. Nintendo ported the game, with minor differences, to the Wii's Virtual Console service in 2008 and to the Wii U's Virtual Console service by late June 2016 to regions around the world. It is the first role-playing video game in the "Mario" series. The game contains fundamental gameplay similarities and inspirations to other Square role-playing video games, such as the "Final Fantasy" series, with a story and action-based gameplay derived from the "Super Mario Bros." series.    What is the relationship between 'wario land 3' and 'nintendo research & development 1'?
Answer: