Information:  - For Those Who Wait is the fourth full-length studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight. The album was released on February 9, 2010 on Flicker Records.  - Christian rock is a form of rock music that promotes Jesus and is typically performed by self-proclaimed Christian individuals and bands whose members focus the lyrics on matters of Christian faith. The extent to which their lyrics are explicitly Christian varies between bands. Many bands who perform Christian rock have ties to the contemporary Christian music labels, media outlets, and festivals, while other bands are independent.  - A lead single is usually the first single to be released from a studio album, by a musician or a band, before the album itself is released.  - Top 40 is a music industry shorthand for the currently most-popular songs in a particular genre. When used without qualification it refers to the best-selling or most frequently broadcast popular music. The term is derived from record music charts, a few of which traditionally consist of a total of 40 songs. Top 40 is also an alternative term for the radio format of such music, also known as Contemporary hit radio.  - Contemporary hit radio (also known as CHR, contemporary hits, hit list, current hits, hit music, top 40, or pop radio) is a radio format that is common in the United States, United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Singapore and South Africa that focuses on playing current and recurrent popular music as determined by the top 40 music charts. There are several subcategories, dominantly focusing on rock, pop, or urban music. Used alone, "CHR" most often refers to the CHR-pop format. The term "contemporary hit radio" was coined in the early 1980s by "Radio & Records" magazine to designate top 40 stations which continued to play hits from all musical genres as pop music splintered into adult contemporary, urban contemporary and other formats.  - The Big Three television networks are the three major traditional commercial broadcast television networks in the United States: ABC, CBS and NBC. Beginning in 1948 until the late 1980s, the Big Three networks dominated U.S. television.  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Albums of recorded music were developed in the early 20th century, first as books of individual 78rpm records, then from 1948 as vinyl LP records played at  rpm. Vinyl LPs are still issued, though in the 21st century album sales have mostly focused on compact disc (CD) and MP3 formats. The audio cassette was a format used from the late 1970s through to the 1990s alongside vinyl.  - Comcast Corporation (formerly registered as Comcast Holdings) is an American global telecommunications conglomerate that is the largest broadcasting and cable television company in the world by revenue. It is the second-largest pay-TV company after the AT&T-DirecTV acquisition, largest cable TV company and largest home Internet service provider in the United States, and the nation's third-largest home telephone service provider. Comcast services U.S. residential and commercial customers in 40 states and in the District of Columbia. The company's headquarters are located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. As the owner of the international media company NBCUniversal since 2011, Comcast is a producer of feature films and television programs intended for theatrical exhibition and over-the-air and cable television broadcast.  - Flicker Records is a Christian music record label based in Franklin, Tennessee. It was founded by members of Christian rock group Audio Adrenaline. The label mainly focuses on rock/pop rock artists, though it also created a subsidiary, Big House Kids, for Christian children's music.  - Contemporary Christian music (or CCMand occasionally "inspirational music") is a genre of modern popular music which is lyrically focused on matters concerned with the Christian faith. It formed as those affected by the 1960s Jesus movement revival began to express themselves in a more contemporary style of music than the hymns, Gospel and Southern Gospel music that was prevalent in the church at the time. Today, the term is typically used to refer to pop, rock, or praise & worship styles.  - Revelation Generation (Rev Gen) was an annual Christian music festival in Frenchtown, New Jersey. The festival was first held on August 13, 2005, and was held annually held on the Saturday and Sunday of Labor Day weekend through 2010. The 2011 event was canceled, and the official website indicates the festival is on an indefinite hiatus.  - NBCUniversal (colloquially referred to as NBCU or NBCUni and formerly written as NBC Universal) is an American multinational media conglomerate. Headquartered in Rockefeller Plaza's Comcast Building (formerly the GE Building) in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, the company is one of two successor companies to MCA Inc. (Music Corporation of America), the other being Vivendi through its subsidiary Universal Music Group.  - The National Broadcasting Company (NBC) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is the flagship property of NBCUniversal, a subsidiary of Comcast. The network is headquartered in the Comcast Building (formerly known as the GE Building) at Rockefeller Center in New York City, with additional major offices near Los Angeles (at Universal City Plaza), Chicago (at the NBC Tower) and soon in Philadelphia at Comcast Innovation and Technology Center. The network is part of the Big Three television networks. NBC is sometimes referred to as the "Peacock Network", in reference to its stylized peacock logo, which was originally created in 1956 for its then-new color broadcasts and became the network's official emblem in 1979.  - SHOUTfest (also known as ShoutFest) is an annual Christian music festival that features popular Contemporary Christian music acts.  - A television network is a telecommunications network for distribution of television program content, whereby a central operation provides programming to many television stations or pay television providers. Until the mid-1980s, television programming in most countries of the world was dominated by a small number of broadcast networks. Many early television networks (such as the BBC, NBC or CBC) evolved from earlier radio networks.  - Fireflight is an American Christian rock band formed in Eustis, Florida in 1999. The band is signed by Flicker Records. They have played in ShoutFest, Revelation Generation, and have been featured on The Scars Remain tour with Disciple, Family Force 5, and Decyfer Down. While touring, they wrote their third album, "Unbreakable" (2008), and released their first single off the album, "Unbreakable". They performed at Winter Jam 2010 and released their fourth full-length album "For Those Who Wait" in February. On December 1, 2010, they were nominated for their first Grammy award. In 2012 they came out with their fifth full-length album "Now".  - Family Force 5 is an American Christian rock band from Atlanta, Georgia. The band was formed in 1993 by brothers Solomon "Soul Glow Activatur", Joshua "Fatty", and Jacob "Crouton" Olds. The group has released five studio albums (including a Christmas album), nine EPs, and two remix albums. They are often noted for their raucous, party-centric personae and eclectic mix of genres, ranging from rap metal to dance-pop.  - Eustis is a city in Lake County, Florida, United States. The population was 15,106 at the 2000 census. The Census Bureau estimated the population in 2008 to be 19,129. It is part of the OrlandoKissimmeeSanford Metropolitan Statistical Area. Eustis High School is the town's local public high school.  - `` Unbreakable '' is a song by Christian rock band Fireflight from their second album , Unbreakable . It was released in November 2007 as the album 's lead single , receiving television promotion on the NBC network that month . The song soon became popular on Christian rock radio , charting at number one in February 2008 . It was 2008 's 14th most played song of the year on Christian contemporary hit radio . The song is about having triumph and victory over past circumstances and has been described as `` anthemic '' . The theme of `` Unbreakable '' was partially inspired by a fan 's question asked on MySpace . It received generally positive reviews from critics and was GMA Dove Award - nominated in 2009 for Rock / Contemporary Song of the Year .  - Urban contemporary is a music radio format. The term was coined by New York DJ Frankie Crocker in the mid-1970s. Urban contemporary radio stations feature a playlist made up entirely of genres such as hip hop, R&B, pop, grime, electronic music such as dubstep, UK garage and drum and bass, and Caribbean music such as reggae, dancehall, reggaeton, zoui, bouyon, and soca. Urban contemporary was developed through the characteristics of genres such as R&B and soul. Virtually all urban contemporary formatted radio stations are located in cities that have sizeable African-American populations, such as New York City, Atlanta, Chicago, Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Detroit, Cleveland, Cincinnati, Dallas, Houston, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Baltimore, Memphis, Boston, New Orleans, Louisville, Indianapolis, Birmingham, Columbus, Oklahoma City, and Charlotte.  - Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by blues, rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'unbreakable ' with the relationship of 'record label'.  Choices: - album  - bbc  - cbs  - christmas  - country music  - festival  - flicker records  - labels  - mca inc .  - orlando  - pop  - record  - reggae  - rock music  - service  - studio album  - united kingdom  - universal