Write a summary based on this article:

President Obama on Wednesday delivered a sharply personal rebuke of GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz Ted CruzMichele Bachmann: God picked Trump to be the GOP nominee Trump at immigration crossroads Poll: Majority of GOP voters wish they chose another presidential nominee MORE for his call to institute surveillance on Muslim communities in response to the Brussels terrorist attacks. 
  
 During a press conference in Argentina, Obama called such a proposal “wrong and un-American” and said it would undermine the U.S. campaign against Islamic extremists. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 Obama invoked Cruz’s Cuban heritage, arguing the Texas senator was ignoring the personal journey of his father, who fled the island nation for the United States to escape political oppression. 
  
 “I just left a country that engages in that kind of neighborhood surveillance, which, by the way, the father of Sen. Cruz escaped for America,” the president said. “The land of the free. The notion that we would start down that slippery slope makes absolutely no sense.” 
  
 It was the second day in a row Obama addressed the series of blasts in the Belgian capital that killed at least 31 people and injured more than 180, including a dozen Americans. 
  
 The Brussels attacks shook up the presidential campaign with fresh concerns about the threat of terrorist attacks on U.S. soil. 
  
 Some Republican candidates have called for drastic measures to prevent a similar strike in the U.S. 
  
 Cruz said Muslim neighborhoods should be put under special watch by authorities in order to preempt any future attacks in the U.S. 
  
 GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump Donald Trump5 things to watch for in Trump's immigration speech Deportations under Obama could hit 10-year low Trump softens rhetoric in pitch to black voters MORE backed Cruz on the patrols and renewed his call for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the country and for waterboarding to be used on terrorism suspects. 
  
 The proposals touched off a fierce political debate, with Democrats accusing Trump and Cruz of encouraging Islamophobia to win over conservative votes. 
  
 Candidates on both sides of the aisle called for tougher security measures in the U.S. and demanded Obama take a more aggressive approach to fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), which claimed responsibility for the attacks. 
  
 But Obama indicated he would not make significant changes to his anti-ISIS strategy "simply because it's political season." 
  
 The president said defeating the group is his “No. 1 priority,” but it must be done in a “smart” way. 
  
 “As our strategy evolves and we see additional opportunities, we will go after it,” Obama said. 
  
 But he said the U.S. should not “take approaches that will be counterproductive," such as carpet-bombing Middle Eastern countries, an idea Cruz proposed. 
  
 “Not only is that inhumane, not only is that contrary to our values, but that would likely be an extraordinary mechanism for ISIL to recruit more," Obama said, using an alternate acronym for the group. “That’s not a smart strategy.” 
  
 The president pledged he would "continue to go after ISIL aggressively until it is removed from Syria and removed from Iraq and is finally destroyed." 
  
 The U.S. has relied on airstrikes to fight the extremist group and has mostly turned to local forces on the ground, resisting calls for a large-scale ground campaign. 
  
 American special operations forces have carried out strikes against certain ISIS targets, and the Marines recently set up a base in northern Iraq with around 200 troops. One Marine was killed in an ISIS rocket attack there last Saturday. 
  
 At the same time, Obama reiterated his belief that the group does not pose "an existential threat" to the U.S. and said that its activities should not disrupt the daily lives of Americans. 
  
 "Even as we are systematic and ruthless and focused in going after them ... it is very important for us to not respond with fear," the president said. "We defeat them in part by saying, 'You are not strong. You are weak.' " ||||| REUTERS/Ivan Alvarado US President Barack Obama called out Ted Cruz, a Republican presidential candidate and Texas senator, for suggesting amped-up surveillance of Muslim neighborhoods in the US as a way to prevent terrorist attacks. 
  
 Obama's remarks came Wednesday in a press conference during a visit to Argentina, a day after terrorists hit Belgium, killing at least 31 people and injuring more than 230 in bombings at a Brussels airport and metro station. 
  
 The president emphasized that fighting the terrorist group ISIS — aka the Islamic State, ISIL, or Daesh — is his "top priority." 
  
 But he criticized Cruz for proposing what he termed a "counterproductive" strategy that might isolate American Muslims. 
  
 Cruz said in a Tuesday statement that the police should be empowered to "patrol and secure" neighborhoods with large Muslim populations "before they become radicalized." 
  
 "I just left a country that engages in that kind of neighborhood surveillance, which, by the way, the father of Sen. Cruz escaped for America, the land of the free," Obama said, referencing a historic visit to Cuba earlier in the week. 
  
 He added: "The notion that we would start down that slippery slope makes absolutely no sense. It's contrary to who we are, and it's not going to help us to defeat ISIL." 
  
 Obama's visit to Cuba marked the first time in 88 years that a sitting US president traveled to the communist country. Cruz's father fled Cuba for the US in 1957. 
  
 The president also criticized Cruz for saying that the US should "carpet bomb" ISIS in Iraq and Syria, a strategy that military experts have called ineffective and possibly illegal. 
  
 "When I hear somebody saying we should 'carpet bomb' Iraq or Syria, not only is that inhumane, not only is that contrary to our values, but that would likely be an extraordinary mechanism for ISIL to recruit more people willing to die and explode bombs in an airport or in a metro station," Obama said. "That's not a smart strategy." 
  
 Obama noted that what sets the US apart from Europe, which sees higher rates of foreign fighters traveling to join terrorist groups, is that Muslims are better integrated into American society. 
  
 He said: 
  
 One of the great strengths of the United States, and part of the reason why we have not seen more attacks in the United States, is we have an extraordinarily successful, patriotic, integrated Muslim-American community. They do not feel ghettoized, they do not feel isolated. Their children are our children's friends, going to the same schools. They are our colleagues in our workplaces. They are our men and women in uniform, fighting for our freedom. 
  
 And so any approach that would single them out or target them for discrimination is not only wrong and un-American, but it also would be counterproductive. Because it would reduce the strength, the antibodies that we have to resist terrorism. 
  
 President Obama answering questions during a joint news conference with Argentine President Mauricio Macri. AP Photo/Victor R. Caivano 
  
 Obama also defended the US strategy for defeating ISIS, saying that the US's approach has been "continuously to adjust to see what works and what doesn't." 
  
 "What has been working is the air strikes that we're taking on their leadership, on their infrastructure, on their financial systems," he said. 
  
 "What has been working is special operators partnering with Iraqi security forces and going after leadership networks and couriers and disrupting the connection between their bases in Raqqa and their bases in Mosul," he continued. 
  
 But he acknowledged the challenges of identifying threats in Western countries. 
  
 "It's challenging to find, identify very small groups of people who are willing to die themselves and can walk into a crowd and detonate a bomb," Obama said. 
  
 He continued: "And my charge to my team is to find every strategy possible to successfully reduce the risk of such terrorist attacks even after we go after their beating heart in places like Iraq and Syria." ||||| President Obama joined the growing chorus Wednesday condemning Sen. Ted Cruz for calling on cops to "patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods" in the wake of the Belgian terror attacks. 
  
 Speaking in Argentina, Obama said that strategy "makes no sense." 
  
 Play Facebook 
  
 Twitter 
  
 Embed Obama Comments on Brussels Attacks, Isis and Policing Muslim Neighborhoods 4:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog 
  
 "We have an extraordinarily successful, patriotic, integrated Muslim community," Obama said. "They do not feel ghettoized, they do not feel isolated." 
  
 "Any approach that would target them for discrimination is not only wrong and un-American, but counter-productive," he said. 
  
 Fresh off his historic trip to Cuba, Obama noted that Cruz's own father fled the kind of draconian policing that Fidel Castro imposed on the Cuban people — and which the GOP presidential candidate is now advocating for Muslims in America. 
  
 President Barack Obama answer a question during a join news conference with Argentine President Mauricio Macri at the Casa Rasada in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Wednesday, March 23, 2016. Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP 
  
 "As far as the notion of having surveillance of neighborhoods where Muslims are present, I just left a country that engages in that kind of neighborhood surveillance, which, by the way, the father of Sen. Cruz escaped for America, the land of the free," he said. "The notion that we would start down that slippery slope makes absolutely no sense. It's contrary to who we are." 
  
 Obama also ripped Cruz's oft-stated call for "carpet-bombing" Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria. 
  
 "What we don't do, and what we should not do, is take approaches that are gonna be counterproductive," Obama said. "So when I hear somebody saying we should carpet bomb Iraq or Syria, not only is that inhumane, not only is that contrary to our values, but that would likely be an extraordinary mechanism for (ISIS) to recruit more people willing to die and explode bombs in an airport or in a metro station. That's not a smart strategy." 
  
 Obama spoke after Cruz, smarting from criticism from New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton, defended his call for policing Muslim neighborhoods, calling it "good law enforcement" to target sections that may be "festering jihadism." |||||