Information:  - A board game is a tabletop game that involves counters or moved or placed on a pre-marked surface or "board", according to a set of rules. Some games are based on pure strategy, but many contain an element of chance; and some are purely chance, with no element of skill.  - Viktor Lvovich Korchnoi (23 March 1931  6 June 2016) was a Soviet (until 1976) and Swiss (since 1994) chess grandmaster and writer. He is considered one of the strongest players never to have become World Chess Champion.  - Jørgen Bent Larsen (4 March 19359 September 2010) was a Danish chess Grandmaster and author. Larsen was known for his imaginative and unorthodox style of play, and he was the first Western player to pose a serious challenge to the Soviet Union's dominance in chess. He is considered to be the strongest player born in Denmark and the strongest from Scandinavia until the emergence of Magnus Carlsen.  - Lev Abramovich Polugaevsky (20 November 1934  30 August 1995) was an International Grandmaster of chess and frequent contender for the World Championship, although he never achieved that title. He was one of the strongest players in the world from the early 1960s until the late 1980s, as well as a distinguished author and opening theorist whose contributions in this field remain important to the present day.  - Ulf Andersson (born 27 June 1951 in Västerås, Sweden) is a leading Swedish chess player. FIDE awarded him the International Master title in 1970 and the Grandmaster title in 1972.  - Reykjavík  is the capital and largest city of Iceland. It has a latitude of 64°08' N, making it the world's northernmost capital of a sovereign state, and is a popular tourist destination. It is located in southwestern Iceland, on the southern shore of Faxa Bay. With a population of around 130,000 (and over 200,000 in the Capital Region), it is the heart of Iceland's cultural, economic and governmental activity.  - Robert James "Bobby" Fischer (March 9, 1943  January 17, 2008) was an American chess grandmaster and the eleventh World Chess Champion. Many consider him to be the greatest chess player of all time. In 1972, he captured the World Chess Championship from Boris Spassky of the USSR in a match held in Reykjavík, Iceland, publicized as a Cold War confrontation, which attracted more worldwide interest than any chess championship before or since. In 1975, Fischer refused to defend his title when an agreement could not be reached with FIDE, the game's international governing body, over one of the conditions for the match. This allowed Soviet GM Anatoly Karpov, who had won the qualifying Candidates' cycle, to become the new world champion by default under FIDE rules.  - The Philippines, officially the Republic of the Philippines, is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia situated in the western Pacific Ocean. It consists of about 7,641 islands that are categorized broadly under three main geographical divisions from north to south: Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City, both part of Metro Manila. Bounded by the South China Sea on the west, the Philippine Sea on the east and the Celebes Sea on the southwest, the Philippines shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north, Vietnam to the west, Palau to the east and Malaysia and Indonesia to the south.  - Vršac is a city located in the South Banat District of the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. In 2011 the city had a population of 35,701, while the administrative area of the city had 52,026 inhabitants. It is located in the geographical region of Banat.  - Ljubomir Ljubojevi (Serbian Cyrillic:  ) is a Serbian Grandmaster of chess.   - Mikhail Tal ("Mikhail Nekhem'evich Tal", ; sometimes transliterated "Mihails Tals" or "Mihail Tal"; 9 November 1936  28 June 1992) was a Soviet Latvian chess Grandmaster and the eighth World Chess Champion (from 1960 to 1961).  - A chessboard is the type of checkerboard used in the classic board game chess, and consists of 64 squares (eight rows and eight columns) and 32 pieces. The squares are arranged in two alternating colors (light and dark). Wooden boards may use naturally light and dark brown woods, while plastic and vinyl boards often use brown or green for the dark squares and shades such as buff or cream for the light squares. Materials vary widely; while wooden boards are generally used in high-level games; vinyl, plastic, and cardboard are common for low-level and informal play. Decorative glass and marble boards are available but rarely accepted for games rated by national or international chess federations. Each square on the board has a name from a1 to h8.  - Chess is a two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard, a checkered gameboard with 64 squares arranged in an eight-by-eight grid. Chess is played by millions of people worldwide, both amateurs and professionals.  - The Soviet Union, officially the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR " ) was a socialist state in Eurasia that existed from 1922 to 1991. A union of multiple subnational republics, its government and economy were highly centralized. The Soviet Union was a one-party federation, governed by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital.  - The Cold War was a state of political and military tension after World War II between powers in the Eastern Bloc (the Soviet Union and its satellite states) and powers in the Western Bloc (the United States, its NATO allies and others). Historians do not fully agree on the dates, but a common timeframe is the period (the second half of the 20th century) between 1947, the year the Truman Doctrine (a U.S. policy pledging to aid nations threatened by Soviet expansionism) was announced, and 1991, the year the Soviet Union collapsed.  - Serbia, officially the Republic of Serbia, is a sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe, covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans. Relative to its small territory, it is a diverse country distinguished by a "transitional" character, situated along cultural, geographic, climatic and other boundaries. Serbia is landlocked and borders Hungary to the north; Romania and Bulgaria to the east; Macedonia to the south; and Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and Montenegro to the southwest; it also claims a border with Albania through the disputed territory of Kosovo. Serbia numbers around 7 million residents, and its capital, Belgrade, ranks among the largest cities in Southeast Europe.  - Boris Vasilievich Spassky (born January 30, 1937) is a Russian chess grandmaster. He was the tenth World Chess Champion, holding the title from 1969 to 1972. He is the oldest living former world champion.  - Helmut Pfleger (born August 6, 1943, Teplice-Šanov) is a German chess Grandmaster and author. He was one of the most promising chess players in the sixties and seventies. By profession, he is a doctor of medicine.  - Manila (or ), officially City of Manila, is the capital of the Philippines.  - Vojvodina, officially the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina (; see Names in other languages), is an autonomous province of Serbia, located in the northern part of the country, in the Pannonian Plain. Novi Sad is the largest city and administrative center of Vojvodina and the second-largest city in Serbia. Vojvodina has a population of almost 2 million (approximately 26.88% of Serbia's population excluding Kosovo). It has a multi-ethnic and multi-cultural identity; there are some 26 ethnic groups in the province, and six languages are in official use by the provincial administration.  - Anatoly Yevgenyevich Karpov (born May 23, 1951) is a Russian chess grandmaster and former World Champion. He was the official world champion from 1975 to 1985 when he was defeated by Garry Kasparov. He played three matches against Kasparov for the title from 1986 to 1990, before becoming FIDE World Champion once again after Kasparov broke away from FIDE in 1993. He held the title until 1999, when he resigned his title in protest against FIDE's new world championship rules. For his decades-long standing among the world's elite, Karpov is considered by many to be one of the greatest players of all time.  - Henrique Costa Mecking ( born 23 January 1952 ) , also known as Mequinho , is a Brazilian chess grandmaster who reached his zenith in the 1970s and is still one of the strongest players in Brazil . He was a chess prodigy , drawing comparisons to Bobby Fischer , although he did not achieve the International Grandmaster title until 1972 . He won the Interzonals of Petropolis 1973 and Manila 1976 . His highest FIDE rating is 2635 , achieved in 1977 , when he was ranked No. 4 in the world . He is the first Brazilian to become a grandmaster . Despite winning his first national championship at the age of 13 , he played in very few tournaments . He won at Vršac in 1971 and finished third with Robert Byrne ( after the co-winners Anatoly Karpov and Viktor Korchnoi ) at Hastings in 1971 -- 72 . In 1975 , he twice shared second place behind Ljubomir Ljubojevi , firstly at Las Palmas with Ulf Andersson and Mikhail Tal and then at Manila with Lev Polugaevsky , Bent Larsen and Helmut Pfleger . He was considered a contender for the World Championship in the mid- 70s , however his chess career was interrupted by a serious illness . Mecking played for Brazil in the Chess Olympiads of 1968 , 1974 , 2002 and 2004 .  - Garry Kimovich Kasparov (; born Garik Kimovich Weinstein, 13 April 1963) is a Russian chess grandmaster, former World Chess Champion, writer, and political activist, whom many consider to be the greatest chess player of all time. From 1986 until his retirement in 2005, Kasparov was ranked world No. 1 for 225 out of 228 months. His peak rating of 2851, achieved in 1999, was the highest recorded until being surpassed by Magnus Carlsen in 2013. Kasparov also holds records for consecutive professional tournament victories (15) and Chess Oscars (11).  - Sven Magnus Øen Carlsen (born 30 November 1990) is a Norwegian chess grandmaster, and the current World Chess Champion. Carlsen was a child chess prodigy who became a chess grandmaster in 2004, at the age of 13 years and 148 days. This made him the third-youngest grandmaster in history. Carlsen's play continued to improve and by 2007 he was holding his own against the world's best grandmasters in tournaments.     Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'occupation' with 'chess player'.
A: