Please answer the following question: Information:  - Nico Erik Rosberg (born 27 June 1985) is a German former Formula One racing driver and current Formula One World Champion who drove for Williams F1 and Mercedes AMG Petronas under the German flag. Born in Germany to Finnish former world champion Keke Rosberg and his German wife Sina, he holds dual nationality, and briefly competed for Finland early in his racing career. Although reported to be fluent in five languages, he does not speak Finnish.  - The Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit is a street circuit around Albert Park Lake, only a few kilometres south of central Melbourne. It is used annually as a racetrack for the Formula One Australian Grand Prix, V8 Supercars Challenge and associated support races. The circuit has FIA Grade 1 licence. In spite of being a circuit on public roads it has characteristics of a natural road course considering it being fast and flowing combined with extensive runoff in many corners.  - Ceuta (assimilated pronunciation , also  Arabic: , "Sabtah") is an Spanish autonomous city located on the north coast of Africa, sharing a western border with Morocco. Separated from the Iberian peninsula by the Strait of Gibraltar, Ceuta lies along the boundary between the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. Ceuta, along with the Spanish exclave Melilla, is one of nine populated Spanish territories in Africa and one of two populated territories on mainland Africa. It was part of Cádiz province until 14 March 1995 when the city's Statute of Autonomy was passed.  - Formula One (also Formula 1 or F1 and officially the FIA Formula One World Championship) is the highest class of single-seat auto racing that is sanctioned by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA). The FIA Formula One World Championship has been the premier form of racing since the inaugural season in 1950, although other Formula One races were regularly held until 1983. The "formula", designated in the name, refers to a set of rules, to which all participants' cars must conform. The F1 season consists of a series of races, known as "Grands Prix" (from French, meaning grand prizes), held worldwide on purpose-built F1 circuits and public roads.  - The Iberian Peninsula , also known as Iberia , is located in the southwest corner of Europe. The peninsula is principally divided between Portugal and Spain, comprising most of their territory. It also includes Andorra and a small part of France along the peninsula's northeastern edge, as well as Gibraltar on its south coast, a small peninsula which forms an overseas territory of the United Kingdom. With an area of approximately , it is the second largest European peninsula, after the Scandinavian.  - The Singapore Grand Prix is a motor race on the calendar of the FIA Formula One World Championship. The event takes place on the Marina Bay Street Circuit and was the inaugural night race and first street circuit in Asia for F1 races.  - Auto racing (also known as car racing, motor racing or automobile racing) is a sport involving the racing of automobiles for competition.   - The Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA, English: International Automobile Federation) is an association established as the "Association Internationale des Automobile Clubs Reconnus" (AIACR, English: 'International Association of Recognized Automobile Clubs') on 20 June 1904 to represent the interests of motoring organisations and motor car users. To the general public, the FIA is mostly known as the governing body for many auto racing events. The FIA also promotes road safety around the world.  - The Canary Islands, also known as the Canaries, are an archipelago and autonomous community of Spain located on the Atlantic Ocean, west of Morocco. The Canaries are among the outermost regions (OMR) of the European Union proper. It is also one of the eight regions with special consideration of historical nationality recognized as such by the Spanish Government.  - The Valencia Street Circuit was a street circuit in Valencia, Spain which hosted the Formula One European Grand Prix for five years (20082012). The first race meeting on the circuit was held over the 23/24 August 2008 weekend, with Felipe Massa winning the main event, the European Grand Prix, after starting from pole position. The circuit uses the roads skirting the city's harbour and America's Cup port area  including a section over a swing bridge, and also includes some roads designed exclusively for racing purposes by the German architect Hermann Tilke, who also designed the infrastructure buildings for the circuit. The 2012 edition took place on 24 June and was the last to go under the name of the European Grand Prix until 2016, when the Baku City Circuit took over the name. It has not been used since 2013 after a deal fell through to alternate this venue with Catalunya in Barcelona to host the Spanish Grand Prix.  - Spain, officially the Kingdom of Spain, is a sovereign state largely located on the Iberian Peninsula in southwestern Europe, with two large archipelagos, the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea and the Canary Islands off the North African Atlantic coast, two cities Ceuta and Melilla in the North African mainland and several small islands in the Alboran Sea near the Moroccan coast. Its mainland is bordered to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea except for a small land boundary with Gibraltar; to the north and northeast by France, Andorra, and the Bay of Biscay; and to the west and northwest by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean. It is the only European country to have a border with an African country (Morocco) and its African territory accounts for nearly 5% of its population, mostly in the Canary Islands but also in Ceuta and Melilla.  - The Williams FW30 is a Formula One racing car , designed by WilliamsF1 and introduced at the start of the 2008 Formula One season . The car is largely an evolution of the previous , 2007 - season , Williams model : the FW29 . As with its predecessor , the FW30 is powered by engines manufactured by Toyota . The FW30 was unveiled to the public on 21 January 2008 at the Circuit de Valencia , Spain , and made its race debut at the 2008 Australian Grand Prix in the hands of 2008 Williams drivers Nico Rosberg and Kazuki Nakajima .  - Keijo Erik Rosberg (born 6 December 1948), known as "Keke", is a Finnish former racing driver and winner of the Formula One World Championship. He was the first Finnish driver to compete regularly in the series. Rosberg grew up in Oulu and Iisalmi, Finland. He is the father of retired Formula One driver and Formula One world champion Nico Rosberg.  - Melilla ( "Maliliyyah") is a Spanish autonomous city located on the north coast of Africa, sharing a border with Morocco with an area of . Melilla, along with Ceuta, is one of two permanently inhabited Spanish cities in mainland Africa. It was part of Málaga province until 14 March 1995 when the city's Statute of Autonomy was passed.   - The 2008 Australian Grand Prix (formally the LXXIII ING Australian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 16 March 2008 at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit, Melbourne, Australia. It was the first race of the 2008 Formula One season. The 58 lap race was won by Lewis Hamilton for the McLaren team after starting from pole position. Nick Heidfeld finished second in a BMW Sauber car, with Nico Rosberg third in a Williams, his first ever F1 podium.  - The European Grand Prix (also known as the Grand Prix of Europe) was a Formula One event that was introduced during the mid-1980s and was held regularly from until . A recent host venue for this event was the Valencia Street Circuit in Valencia, Spain, hosting the race from until 2012. The race was removed from the calendar in . In 2016, the race returned, being run on a street circuit in Baku, Azerbaijan, but was subsequently discontinued as the Baku round was renamed the Azerbaijan Grand Prix.  - The 2008 Formula One season was the 59th season of the Formula One World Championship, a motor racing championship for Formula One cars recognised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA)  the governing body of motorsport  as the highest class of competition for open-wheel racing cars. The season was contested over eighteen rounds, which started in Australia on 16 March and ended in Brazil on 2 November. The 2008 season saw the debut of the Singapore Grand Prix, which was held at the Marina Bay Street Circuit, in Marina Bay, Singapore and was the first Formula One race held at night. The European Grand Prix moved to a new venue at the Valencia Street Circuit, in Valencia, Spain  - Lewis Carl Davidson Hamilton, MBE (born 7 January 1985) is a British Formula One racing driver from England, currently racing for the Mercedes AMG Petronas team. He is a three-time Formula One World Champion. He won his first title with McLaren in 2008 before moving to Mercedes, where he won back-to-back titles in 2014 and 2015.  - The Bay of Biscay (Basque: "Bizkaiko Golkoa," ) is a gulf of the northeast Atlantic Ocean located south of the Celtic Sea. It lies along the western coast of France from Brest south to the Spanish border, and the northern coast of Spain west to Cape Ortegal.  - Nakajima was signed to drive for Stefan GP in 2010, but the team was not accepted as an entrant in the Formula One world championship. After his F1 career ended, he moved back to Japan to compete in Formula Nippon, and he is also one of Toyota's drivers for its current prototype sportscar project.  - McLaren Racing Limited, competing as McLaren Honda, is a British Formula One team based at the McLaren Technology Centre, Woking, Surrey, England. McLaren is best known as a Formula One constructor but has also competed in and won the Indianapolis 500 and the Canadian-American Challenge Cup (Can-Am). The team is the second oldest active team after Ferrari. They are one of the most successful teams in Formula One history, having won 182 races, 12 drivers' championships and eight constructors' championships. The team is a wholly owned subsidiary of McLaren Technology Group.  - In motorsport the pole position is the position at the inside of the front row at the start of a racing event. This position is typically given to the vehicle and driver with the best qualifying time in the trials before the race (the leader in the starting grid). This number-one qualifying driver is referred to as the "pole sitter".    What entity does 'williams fw30' has the relation 'sport' with?
A: