Given the question: Information:  - The Goa'uld (pronounced ; commonly shortened to or ) are a symbiotic race of ancient astronauts from the American-Canadian military science fiction television franchise "Stargate". The Goa'uld are parasites from the planet P3X-888, integrated within a host, most of the time a human. The resulting creatures are a powerful race bent on galactic conquest and domination, largely without pity, compassion or remorse. In the first eight seasons of "Stargate SG-1", they are the greatest extraterrestrial threat to Earth known to the Stargate Command (SGC). The Goa'uld are the main enemies of SG-1 for most of the show, until they are replaced in this capacity by the Ori in seasons 9 and 10. They also appear in the "Stargate Atlantis" episode , and in the DVD movie "". They are pejoratively called "snakes" or "snakeheads" by Jack O'Neill.  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - Vancouver, officially the City of Vancouver, is a coastal seaport city on the mainland of British Columbia, Canada, and the most populous city in the province.  - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. (abbreviated as MGM or M-G-M, also known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer or Metro, and for a former interval known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer/United Artists, or MGM/UA) is an American media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of feature films and television programs.  - Robert C. Cooper is a Canadian writer and producer best known for his work in the "Stargate" franchise. He was formerly an executive producer of "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe". He also co-created both "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe" with Brad Wright. Cooper has written and produced many episodes of "Stargate SG-1", "Stargate Atlantis" and "Stargate Universe" as well as directed a number of episodes.  - Roland Emmerich (born November 10, 1955) is a German film director, screenwriter, and producer, widely known for his disaster films. His films, most of which are English-language Hollywood productions, have made more than $3 billion worldwide, including just over $1 billion in the United States, making him the country's 14th-highest grossing director of all time. He began his work in the film industry by directing the film "The Noah's Ark Principle" (1984) as part of his university thesis and also co-founded Centropolis Entertainment in 1985 with his sister. He is a collector of art and an active campaigner for the LGBT community, and is openly gay. He is also a campaigner for awareness of global warming and human rights.  - Stargate is a military science fiction and media franchise based on the film created by Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin. The franchise is based on the idea of an alien EinsteinRosen bridge device (the Stargate) that enables nearly instantaneous travel across the cosmos. The franchise began with the film "Stargate", released on October 28, 1994, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Carolco, which grossed US$197 million worldwide. In 1997, Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner created a television series titled "Stargate SG-1" as a sequel to the film. This show was joined by "Stargate Atlantis" in 2004, and a third spin-off series, "Stargate Universe", in 2009. Also consistent with the same story are a variety of books, video games and comic books, as well as the direct-to-DVD movies "" and "", which concluded the first television show after 10 seasons.  - Stargate SG-1 (often abbreviated as SG-1) is an adventure and military science fiction television series and part of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's "Stargate" franchise. The show, created by Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner, is based on the 1994 science fiction film "Stargate" by Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich. The television series was filmed in and around the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The series premiered on Showtime on July 27, 1997 and moved to the Sci Fi Channel on June 7, 2002; the final episode first aired on Sky1 on March 13, 2007. With 214 episodes over 10 seasons, "Stargate SG-1" had surpassed "The X-Files" as the longest-running North American science fiction television series, until it was surpassed by the series "Smallville" in 2011, which was then surpassed by "Supernatural" in 2016.  - Dean Devlin (born August 27, 1962) is an American screenwriter, producer, television director and former actor. He is the founder of the production company Electric Entertainment.  - Ancient astronauts (or ancient aliens) is a pseudoscientific concept based on the belief that intelligent extraterrestrial beings visited Earth and made contact with humans in antiquity and prehistoric times. Proponents suggest that this contact influenced the development of modern cultures, technologies, and religions. A common claim is that deities from most, if not all, religions are actually extraterrestrial in origin, and that advanced technologies brought to Earth by ancient astronauts were interpreted as evidence of divine status by early humans.  - The X-Files is an American science fiction horror drama television series created by Chris Carter, which originally aired from September 10, 1993 to May 19, 2002 on Fox. The program spanned nine seasons, included 202 episodes, and a feature film of the same name. Later in 2008, a was made and preceded a tenth season revival, which consisted of six episodes, in 2016. The series revolves around FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who investigate X-Files: marginalized, unsolved cases involving paranormal phenomena. Mulder believes in the existence of aliens and the paranormal while Scully, a medical doctor and a skeptic, is assigned to make scientific analyses of Mulder's discoveries to debunk his work and thus return him to mainstream cases. Early in the series, both agents become pawns in a larger conflict and come to trust only each other and a very few select people. They develop a close relationship which begins as a platonic friendship, but becomes a romance by the end of the series. In addition to the series-spanning story arc, "Monster-of-the-Week" episodes form roughly two-thirds of all episodes.  - The Asgard are a highly advanced , fictional extraterrestrial race in the science fiction series Stargate SG - 1 and Stargate Atlantis . They are first mentioned in the episode `` Thor 's Hammer '' , and first seen in `` Thor 's Chariot '' . In the series , the Asgard gave rise to Norse mythology on Earth , as well as accounts of the Roswell `` Greys '' . Due to their technological Prowess , the Asgard are critical allies in Earth 's fight against the Goa'uld , and later the Ori . The Asgard characters on the show are realized through a combination of puppets and computer - generated imagery .  - Brad Wright is a Canadian television producer, screenwriter and actor. He is best known as the creator or co-creator of the television series "Stargate SG-1" (with Jonathan Glassner), "Stargate Atlantis" (with Robert C. Cooper) and "Stargate Universe" (also with Cooper). He was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.  - Stargate Atlantis (often abbreviated SGA) is a Canadian-American adventure and military science fiction television series and part of MGM's "Stargate" franchise. The show was created by Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper as a spin-off series of "Stargate SG-1", which was created by Wright and Jonathan Glassner and was itself based on the feature film "Stargate" (1994). All five seasons of "Stargate Atlantis" were broadcast by the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States and The Movie Network in Canada. The show premiered on July 16, 2004; its final episode aired on January 9, 2009. The series was filmed in and around Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.  - Smallville is an American television series developed by writer-producers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar, based on the DC Comics character Superman created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. The series, initially broadcast by The WB, premiered on October 16, 2001. After "Smallville"s fifth season, The WB and UPN merged to form The CW, the series' later United States broadcaster. "Smallville", which ended its tenth and final season on May 13, 2011, follows Clark Kent (Tom Welling) in the fictional town of Smallville, Kansas, before he becomes known as Superman. The first four seasons focus on Clark and his friends in high school. After season five "Smallville" ventures into adult settings, eventually focusing on his career at the "Daily Planet" and introducing other DC comic-book superheroes and villains.  - Jonathan Glassner is a Norwegian-American television writer, director, and producer. He is known for his involvement with "Stargate SG-1" (where he was executive producer for the first three seasons) and "The Outer Limits". Glassner was initially noticed as a writer for his work on "Alfred Hitchcock Presents". After writing for several television series, including "21 Jump Street", Glassner moved on to "The Outer Limits", which naturally segued into his involvement with "Stargate SG-1" as a staff writer and executive producer. His most recent work is as a writer and director for "", "", and other shows. He was also a Co-Executive Producer on the NBC show "Heist" and the FOX show "Standoff", as well as for Sci-Fi Channel's "The Invisible Man".    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'creator' with the subject 'asgard '.  Choices: - alfred gough  - brad wright  - chris carter  - city  - dean devlin  - divine  - jerry siegel  - joe shuster  - jonathan glassner  - miles millar  - noah  - roland emmerich  - showtime  - ua
The answer is: