Given the question: Information:  - The earliest commercial Japanese animation dates to 1917, and production of anime works in Japan has since continued to increase steadily. The characteristic anime art style emerged in the 1960s with the works of Osamu Tezuka and spread internationally in the late twentieth century, developing a large domestic and international audience. Anime is distributed theatrically, by television broadcasts, directly to home media, and over the Internet. It is classified into numerous genres targeting diverse broad and niche audiences.  - Biography. Fukunaga was born in Itami, Hygo, Japan, and grew up in West Lafayette, Indiana in the United States. He graduated from West Lafayette High School in 1979.  - History. The studio was founded in 1948 as . In 1956, Toei purchased the studio and it was reincorporated under its current name. It has created a number of TV series and movies and adapted Japanese comics as animated series, many popular worldwide. Hayao Miyazaki, Isao Takahata, Leiji Matsumoto and Yoichi Kotabe have worked with the company. Toei is a shareholder in the Japanese anime satellite television network Animax with other anime studios and production companies, such as Sunrise, TMS Entertainment and Nihon Ad Systems Inc. The company is headquartered in the Ohizumi Studio in Nerima, Tokyo.  - Animation is the process of making the illusion of motion and the illusion of change by means of the rapid display of a sequence of images that minimally differ from each other. The illusionas in motion pictures in generalis thought to rely on the phi phenomenon. Animators are artists who specialize in the creation of animation. Animation can be recorded with either analogue media, a flip book, motion picture film, video tape, digital media, including formats with animated GIF, Flash animation, and digital video. To display animation, a digital camera, computer, or projector are used along with new technologies that are produced.  - Cartoon Network is an American basic cable and satellite television channel that operates daily from 6:00 AM to 8:00 PM (ET/PT) and is owned by Time Warner through the Turner Broadcasting System subsidiary. It was launched on October 1, 1992.   - Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight. It can be an idea or a task, but is more likely to be one of the activities or events that have developed over thousands of years specifically for the purpose of keeping an audience's attention. Although people's attention is held by different things, because individuals have different preferences in entertainment, most forms are recognisable and familiar. Storytelling, music, drama, dance, and different kinds of performance exist in all cultures, were supported in royal courts, developed into sophisticated forms and over time became available to all citizens. The process has been accelerated in modern times by an entertainment industry that records and sells entertainment products. Entertainment evolves and can be adapted to suit any scale, ranging from an individual who chooses a private entertainment from a now enormous array of pre-recorded products; to a banquet adapted for two; to any size or type of party, with appropriate music and dance; to performances intended for thousands; and even for a global audience.  - Flower Mound is an incorporated town located in Denton and Tarrant counties in the U.S. state of Texas. Located northwest of Dallas and northeast of Fort Worth adjacent to Grapevine Lake, the town derives its name from a prominent mound located in the center of town.  - Kira Vincent - Davis is an American voice actress who has worked for ADV Films , Funimation and Sentai Filmworks . She has provided voices for a number of English - language versions of Japanese anime films and television series .  - A portmanteau (; plural "portmanteaus" or "portmanteaux" ) or portmanteau word is a linguistic blend of words, in which parts of multiple words or their phones (sounds) are combined into a new word.  as in "smog", coined by blending "smoke" and "fog", or "popportunity", from "popping" and "opportunity", or "motel", from "motor" and "hotel". In linguistics, a portmanteau is defined as a single morph that represents two or more morphemes.  - Early life. Tezuka was the eldest of three children in Toyonaka City, Osaka. His nickname was "gashagasha-atama" ("gashagasha" is slang for messy, "atama" means head). His mother often comforted him by telling him to look to the blue skies, giving him confidence. His mother's stories inspired his creativity as well. Tezuka grew up in Takarazuka City, Hygo and his mother often took him to the Takarazuka Theatre. The Takarazuka Revue is performed by women, including the male characters. The Takarazuka Revue is known for its romantic musicals usually aimed at a female audience, thus having a large impact on the later works of Tezuka, including his costuming designs. He has said that he has a profound "spirit of nostalgia" for Takarazuka.  - Funimation is an American entertainment, anime, and foreign licensing company based in Flower Mound, Texas. The studio is one of the leading distributors of anime and other foreign entertainment properties in North America alongside Viz Media, Sentai Filmworks and Aniplex of America. Their most popular property is Toei Animation's action-adventure series "Dragon Ball Z", which had a successful run on Cartoon Network's Toonami block from 1998 to 2003, and has been re-released on DVD and Blu-ray several times since. It was founded on May 9, 1994 by Gen Fukunaga and his wife Cindy as FUNimation Productions, with funding by Daniel Cocanougher and his family, who became investors in the company. Funimation was sold to Navarre Corporation on May 11, 2005 and the company was renamed FUNimation Entertainment. In April 2011, Navarre sold Funimation to a group of investors including Fukunaga for $24 million. Around the same time, the company's trademark ball, star and blue bar were dropped from its logo and the company was renamed to simply Funimation. In May 2013, Funimation consolidated its divisions under its new holding company Group 1200 Media. Funimation is a portmanteau of the English words "fun" and "animation".  - Navarre Corp. was a public distribution and publishing company founded in 1983 by Eric H. Paulson. The company is headquartered in New Hope, Minnesota. Navarre owns two subsidiary companies: a software publisher, Encore, Inc., and a distributor, Navarre Entertainment Media. The company formerly offered niche films through BCI Home Entertainment a.k.a. BCI Eclipse Company (formerly Brentwood), but this division was closed in a 2008 re-structuring due to the recession, after 2 years of being unprofitable.  - Japan ("Nippon" or "Nihon" ; formally "" or "Nihon-koku", means "State of Japan") is a sovereign island nation in Eastern Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, It is lying off the eastern coast of the Asia Mainland (east of China, Korea, Russia) and stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and near Taiwan in the southwest.   - VIZ Media LLC is a Japanese-American manga, anime, and entertainment company headquartered in San Francisco, California. It was founded in 1986 as VIZ LLC. In 2005, VIZ LLC and ShoPro Entertainment merged to form the current VIZ Media LLC, which is jointly owned by Japanese publishers Shueisha, Shogakukan, and Shogakukan-Shueisha Productions (ShoPro).  - The "Dragon Ball" manga's 42 "tankbon" have been adapted into two anime series produced by Toei Animation: "Dragon Ball" and "Dragon Ball Z", which together were broadcast in Japan from 1986 to 1996. Additionally, the studio has developed nineteen animated feature films and three television specials, as well as two anime sequel series titled "Dragon Ball GT" (1996-1997) and "Dragon Ball Super" (2015-present). From 2009 to 2015, a revised, faster-paced version of "Dragon Ball Z" aired in Japan under the title "Dragon Ball Kai", in which most of the original version's footage not featured in the manga is removed. Several companies have developed various types of merchandising based on the series leading to a large media franchise that includes films, both animated and live-action, collectible trading card games, numerous action figures, along with several collections of soundtracks and a large number of video games.  - Genre (or ; from French "genre" , "kind" or "sort", from Latin "genus" (stem "gener-"), Greek , "gés")   - Sentai Filmworks is an American anime licensing company based in Houston, Texas, specializing in Japanese animation and film. The company was formed in 2008 by John Ledford, formerly of A.D. Vision.  - John Ledford (born August 19, 1968 in Houston, Texas) is a creative entrepreneur and business pioneer in the American anime industry. Most known for founding A.D. Vision, Anime Network, Newtype USA and Sentai Filmworks, Ledford has been an executive producer for hundreds of anime titles including, "Halo Legends", "Appleseed Alpha", "Short Peace", "Sailor Moon", "Hello Kitty", and the live-action spinoff of "Neon Genesis Evangelion".  - Toonami is a brand name geared towards action-oriented programming, primarily consisting of American animation and Japanese anime. Originally an afternoon and evening block on Cartoon Network and ended on September 20, 2008, it is now (as of May 18, 2012) a late Saturday night adult-orientated animation block on Adult Swim. The brand was created by Sean Akins and Jason DeMarco and produced by Williams Street. The name is a portmanteau of the words "cartoon" and "tsunami", suggesting a "tidal wave" of animated shows.  - A.D. Vision (simply known as ADV and also referred to as ADV Films) was an American multimedia entertainment studio that served as the largest American and British anime distributor in the late 20th to early 21st centuries. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, ADV Films was formed in 1992 by video game fan John Ledford and anime fans Matt Greenfield and David Williams. The company spent the next 17 years in the fields of home video production and distribution, broadcast television, theatrical film distribution, merchandising, original productions, magazine and comic book publishing. In 2002, most of ADV Films' back catalog were used to program its new channel, the Anime Network.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'place of birth'.
The answer is: