In this task, you are given text for US Congressional and California state bills, your task is to generate a summary for this bill.

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

    This Act may be cited as the ``Modernizing the Interstate Placement 
of Children in Foster Care Act''.

SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

    The Congress finds that--
            (1) when a child in foster care cannot return safely home, 
        the child deserves to be placed in a setting that is best for 
        that child, regardless of whether it is in the child's State or 
        another State;
            (2) the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children 
        (ICPC) was established in 1960 to provide a uniform legal 
        framework for the placement of children across State lines in 
        foster and adoptive homes;
            (3) frequently, children waiting to be placed with an 
        adoptive family, relative, or foster parent in another State 
        spend more time waiting for this to occur than children who are 
        placed with an adoptive, family, relative, or foster parent in 
        the same State, because of the outdated, administratively 
        burdensome ICPC process;
            (4) no child should have to wait longer to be placed in a 
        loving home simply because the child must cross a State line;
            (5) the National Electronic Interstate Compact Enterprise 
        (NEICE) was launched in August 2014 in Indiana, Nevada, 
        Florida, South Carolina, Wisconsin, and the District of 
        Columbia, and is expected to be expanded into additional States 
        to improve the administrative process by which children are 
        placed with families across State lines;
            (6) States using this centralized electronic interstate 
        case processing system have reduced administrative costs and 
        the amount of staff time required to process these cases, and 
        caseworkers can spend more time helping children instead of 
        copying and mailing paperwork between States;
            (7) since NEICE was launched, placement time has decreased 
        by 30 percent for interstate foster care placements; and
            (8) on average, States using this centralized electronic 
        interstate case processing system have been able to reduce from 
        24 days to 13 days the time it takes to identify a family for a 
        child and prepare the paperwork required to start the ICPC 
        process.

SEC. 3. STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT.

    (a) In General.--Section 471(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 671(a)(25)) is amended--
            (1) by striking ``provide'' and insert ``provides''; and
            (2) by inserting ``, which, not later than October 1, 2022, 
        shall include a centralized electronic interstate case 
        processing system'' before the 1st semicolon.
    (b) Effective Date.--
            (1) In general.--The amendments made by subsection (a) 
        shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter 
        beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
        and shall apply to payments under part E of title IV of the 
        Social Security Act for calendar quarters beginning on or after 
        such date.
            (2) Delay permitted if state legislation required.--If the 
        Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State 
        legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is 
        required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part E 
        of title IV of the Social Security Act to meet the additional 
        requirement imposed by the amendments made by subsection (a), 
        the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet any of the 
        additional requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar 
        quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State 
        legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this 
        Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 
        2-year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed 
        to be a separate regular session of the State legislature.

SEC. 4. GRANTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF A CENTRALIZED ELECTRONIC SYSTEM 
              TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN IN 
              FOSTER CARE OR GUARDIANSHIP, OR FOR ADOPTION.

    (a) In General.--Section 437 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 
637) is amended by adding at the end the following:
    ``(g) Grants for the Development of a Centralized Electronic System 
To Expedite the Interstate Placement of Children in Foster Care or 
Guardianship, or for Adoption.--
            ``(1) Purpose.--The purpose of this subsection is to 
        facilitate the development of a centralized electronic system 
        for the exchange of data and documents to expedite the 
        placements of children in foster, guardianship, or adoptive 
        homes across State lines.
            ``(2) Application requirements.--A State that desires a 
        grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an 
        application containing the following:
                    ``(A) A description of the goals and outcomes to be 
                achieved during the period for which grant funds are 
                sought, which goals and outcomes must result in--
                            ``(i) reducing the time it takes for a 
                        child to be provided with a safe and 
                        appropriate permanent living arrangement across 
                        State lines;
                            ``(ii) improving administrative processes 
                        and reducing costs in the foster care system; 
                        and
                            ``(iii) the secure exchange of relevant 
                        case files and other necessary materials in 
                        real time, and timely communications and 
                        placement decisions regarding interstate 
                        placements of children.
                    ``(B) A description of the activities to be funded 
                in whole or in part with the grant funds, including the 
                sequencing of the activities.
                    ``(C) A description of the strategies for 
                integrating programs and services for children who are 
                placed across State lines.
                    ``(D) Such other information as the Secretary may 
                require.
            ``(3) Grant authority.--The Secretary may make a grant to a 
        State that complies with paragraph (2).
            ``(4) Use of funds.--A State to which a grant is made under 
        this subsection shall use the grant for the development of the 
        centralized electronic system described in paragraph (1).
            ``(5) Evaluations.--Not later than 1 year after the final 
        year in which grants are awarded under this subsection, the 
        Secretary shall submit to the Congress, and make available to 
        the general public by posting on a website, that contains the 
        following information:
                    ``(A) How using the centralized electronic system 
                developed pursuant to paragraph (4) has changed the 
                time it takes for children to be placed across State 
                lines.
                    ``(B) The number of cases subject to the Interstate 
                Compact on the Placement of Children that were 
                processed through the centralized electronic system, 
                and the number of interstate child placement cases that 
                were processed outside the centralized electronic 
                system, by each State in each year.
                    ``(C) The progress made by States in implementing 
                the centralized electronic system.
                    ``(D) How using the centralized electronic system 
                has affected various metrics related to child safety 
                and well-being, including the time it takes for 
                children to be placed across State lines.
                    ``(E) How using the centralized electronic system 
                has affected administrative costs and caseworker time 
                spent on placing children across State lines.
            ``(6) Data integration.--The Secretary, in consultation 
        with the Secretariat for the Interstate Compact on the 
        Placement of Children and the States, shall assess how the 
        centralized electronic system developed pursuant to paragraph 
        (4) could be used to better serve and protect children that 
        come to the attention of the child welfare system, by--
                    ``(A) connecting the system with other data systems 
                (such as systems operated by State law enforcement and 
                judicial agencies, systems operated by the Federal 
                Bureau of Investigation for the purposes of the 
                Innocence Lost National Initiative, and other systems);
                    ``(B) simplifying and improving reporting related 
                to paragraphs (34) and (35) of section 471(a) regarding 
                children or youth who have been identified as being a 
                sex trafficking victim or children missing from foster 
                care; and
                    ``(C) improving the ability of States to quickly 
                comply with background check requirements of section 
                471(a)(20), including checks of child abuse and neglect 
                registries as required by section 471(a)(20)(B).''.

SEC. 5. CONTINUATION OF DISCRETIONARY FUNDING TO PROMOTE SAFE AND 
              STABLE FAMILIES.

    Section 437(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 637(a)) is 
amended by striking ``2016'' and inserting ``2017''.

SEC. 6. RESERVATION OF FUNDS TO IMPROVE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF 
              CHILDREN.

    Section 437(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 637(b)) is 
amended by adding at the end the following:
            ``(4) Improving the interstate placement of children.--The 
        Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 of the amount made available 
        for fiscal year 2017 for grants under subsection (g), and the 
        amount so reserved shall remain available through fiscal year 
        2021.''.