Please briefly summarize this news article:

Commander in Creep

Somewhere along the line, somebody signed us up for the Barack Obama campaign emails. Normally we don't care for spam, political or otherwise, but these are so odd that we've kept them coming out of curiosity. Some of them have a stalker-like quality, plaintive yet vaguely menacing in their persistence, such as the one we noted in September titled "James, can we meet for dinner?"

If you don't like it, you can always unsubscribe. But now the campaign is turning the creepiness up a notch. The Obama re-election effort has "asked supporters to make a campaign donation 'inspired' by somebody else," reports Joel Gehrke of the Washington Examiner.

This one doesn't seem to be going to everybody on the list; we have yet to receive it--though our latest missive from BarackObama.com is somewhat similar in concept: "Have you been thinking about who you'd bring to the next Dinner with Barack?" it asks. "Tell us who you would bring if you won--and why." But the campaign isn't going to contact your plus-one; the Web form asks only for the name.

By contrast, the form for the "inspire" solicitation asks for an email address for your donation muse so that the campaign can "send them [sic] a message letting them know they inspired you to donate." The Obama campaign is deliberately sending spam to people who never signed up for it. You can also give a donation "in memory of" someone, and the site still asks for an email address. You can take the politician out of Chicago, but you can't take Chicago out of the politician.

It gets worse. Blogress "Bookworm" reports having received this variant of the "inspired" email:

Sure enough, BarackObama.com has a special Web form for donors who wish to have "fun at the expense of a Republican." Let's say you're a Republican and your 20-something daughter is an Obamabot. (Have you had a DNA test?) She makes a $10 donation to the president's campaign, which sends her an email tweaking you--and your name and email address are now on a list of dissenters against the most powerful man in the world.

Probably this is just what the campaign presents it to be--a juvenile prank that is harmless beyond the nuisance of receiving campaign spam. Then again, remember AttackWatch.com? The Obama campaign has a history of clumsy appeals with vaguely totalitarian overtones.

He Must've Underestimated How Bad It Was

Who's the Least Reliable Conservative? "Mitt Romney blasted Republican presidential rival Newt Gingrich on Tuesday as an 'extremely unreliable leader in the conservative world' who has taken positions in the campaign that should give GOP voters pause as they consider their choices for the party's nomination," the Washington Post reports:

The Puffington Host's Sam Stein adds that Gingrich, in one of his many books, praised Andy Stern, then head of the Service Employees International Union, as 'the union leader who probably best understands the challenge of the world market and the need to make American union members productive in the face of world competition." Stern, a strong supporter of President Obama, was last seen in The Wall Street Journal, singing the praises of Chinese communism.

Romney, however, acknowledges in the Post interview "that he has not always been in step with conservatives and said that he was 'wrong' not to sign Gingrich's 1994 Contract with America when he was running for a Senate seat in Massachusetts." The Boston Globe has some background on the 17-year-old clash between the two men, during which Romney assured Massachusetts voters: "I'm not trying to return to Reagan-Bush.''

Now he is trying to convince Republican voters that he is trying (more or less) to return to Reagan Bush. The Washington Post's Ezra Klein, the young left-liberal blogger who founded Journolist, has an unusually insightful post arguing that Gingrich is likely to win this argument. He cites some history from Romney's successful 2002 race for governor of Massachusetts:

As Klein sums it up: "Whatever Gingrich's heterodoxies, conservatives never worry that he's not, on some fundamental level, a committed member of their tribe." This is a subtle distinction: Both Romney and Gingrich are vulnerable to the charge of being inconstant or unprincipled. But whereas neither man has been entirely consistent on what he stands for, Romney has flip-flopped on what he is.

The Witching Hour "Republican political figure and tea-party favorite Christine O'Donnell says she's backing Mitt Romney's presidential bid," the Associated Press reports:

It may be that that ad wasn't true. After all, if O'Donnell isn't a witch, who turned Romney's chief opponent into a Newt?

Running From Obamaville "A planned meeting today between the Congressional Progressive Caucus and Occupy Wall Street activists was scuttled late Tuesday after Roll Call inquired about it, highlighting increasing tensions between Democrats and the movement," Roll Call reports. The idea of being seen in daylight with the denizens of Obamavilles sent even the hardest-left members of Congress scurrying:

But to judge by their actions rather than their words, it looks as though avoiding the Obamavillians is more important than "embracing the issues and the struggle."

Thomas Friedman's Imaginary Undergrads How bad a writer is the Worst Writer in the English Language? Don't get us started. Oh wait, we're already started. Today he tries to explain the world to a foreign leader:

Friedman goes on to list four other things that supposedly confuse Wisconsin students, all of which have to do with Israel's domestic politics. Does he provide any evidence that the confused Badgers actually exist? No, he does not. True to his word, this is just Friedman's "guess" as to what undergrads in Madison think.

Our guess is that very few Wisconsin students are sufficiently aware of these goings-on within Israel to either have an opinion or be confused about them. The New York Times is actually paying Friedman to advise a foreign leader on the views of imaginary American undergraduates.

Two Fashion Critics in One!

Homer Nods The resolution to propose a constitutional amendment abolishing most limits on government power has seven co-sponsors in the House. In addition to the four we listed yesterday--Reps. Ted Deutch and Alcee Hastings of Florida, Peter DeFazio of Oregon and Jim McDermott of Washington state--they are Reps. Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Peter Welch of Vermont and Rick Larsen of Washington.

We Blame Global Warming "Fake Baby Bumps: They're So Hot Right Now"--headline, Globe and Mail website (Toronto), Dec. 13

We Blame George W. Bush "Kerry Blames GOP for Failure of Supercommittee"--headline, Telegram & Gazette (Worcester, Mass.), Dec. 14

With DNC in Mind, City Bans Carrying Urine, Feces "A Sewage Blunder Earns Engineer a Criminal Record"--headline, The Wall Street Journal, Dec. 12

It Takes a Tough Man to Make a Tender Chicken "Perdue Will Appear With Obama at Ft. Bragg"--headline, NationalJournal.com, Dec. 14

The Arab Blagojevich "KUNA: Kuwaiti Emir Swears in New Cabinet"--headline, Reuters, Dec. 14

In Case You're Thinking About Getting Tanked "Heritage Hooch"--headline, Garden & Gun, December/January issue

We Don't Believe It "Study: Most People Still Don't Trust Online Info"--headline, Associated Press, Dec. 14

ObamaCare Marches On "Seattle Hospital Finds Zero Clients Means Better Care, Lower Costs"--headline, ComputerWorld.com, Dec. 14

Shortest Books Ever Written "What I Learned From Regis Philbin"--headline, Globe and Mail (Toronto), Dec. 13

Maybe He Could Petition for a Writ of Habeas Corpse "Judge: No New Trial Possible for Dead Man"--headline, Hartford Courant, Dec. 14

And the Bartender Says, 'Why the Long Face?' "Horse and Rider in Downtown Bar Sunday"--headline, TV18 website (Steamboat Springs, Colo.), Dec. 12

If Something Is Worth Damaging, It's Worth Damaging Well "City of Lodi Well Damaged"--headline, Lodi (Calif.) News-Sentinel, Dec. 14

The Lonely Lives of Experts "Experts Say Miley Cyrus Has Breast Implants"--headline, New York Post, Dec. 13

Hey, Kids! What Time Is It? "Children's Sleep: Time for a Wake-Up Call"--headline, Puffington Host, Dec. 11

Questions Nobody Is Asking "S.C. Chair Questions Romney's Commitment to State"--headline, NationalJournal.com, Dec. 13

Too Much Information "Shooting Doesn't Scare Drivers From In-N-Out"--headline, KNTV website (San Jose, Calif.), Dec. 14

Someone Set Up Us the Bomb "Devon Kitten in Microwave Woman Gina Robins Jailed"--headline, BBC website, Dec. 14

Everything Seemingly Is Spinning Out of Control "Obama Tells the Truth"--headline, Daily Mail website (Charleston, W.Va.), Dec. 13

Breaking News From 2004 "A 'Kerry Moment' Comes and Goes"--headline, Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.), Dec. 14

News You Can Use "Suing Google to Remove Results About Your Alleged Orgy Won't Work"--headline, AboveTheLaw.com, Dec. 13

Bottom Stories of the Day

Hitlers Have Rights Too! The American Civil Liberties Union is stepping up its effort to encourage voter fraud. London's Guardian reports the ACLU has filed "a federal lawsuit that claims thousands of poor, black and elderly people could be disenfranchised" unless they are permitted to vote without showing identification.

Meanwhile, the Associated Press reports from Madison on the latest in the effort to reverse the result of last year's election:

Well, there are Hitlers in Wisconsin. Anyway, how do we know old Adolf's signature isn't the real thing? Jonah Goldberg has argued convincingly that he was really a left-winger.

Join Fans of Best of the Web Today on Facebook.

Click here to view or search the Best of the Web Today archives.

(Carol Muller helps compile Best of the Web Today. Thanks to Ezzie Goldish, Michele Schiesser, Hillel Markowitz, John Bobek, Richard Whitlock, John Williamson, Tim Mage, Daniel Lepanto, Aaron Booth, Chris Papouras, Michael Segal, Miguel Rakiewicz, Dave Ceely, Terry Holmes, David Hallstrom, Jared Silverman, Harrison Latto, Joseph Heschmeyer, Kyle Kyllan, John Sanders, Monty Krieger, Bart Borkosky, Joseph Young, John Sponauer, Mark Finkelstein, William Schultz, Greg Lindenberg, Rick Schwalbach, Joel Griffith, Brian Warner, Ethel Fenig, Rod Pennington, Zack Russ, David Gerstman, John Nernoff, Dan Goldstein, Scott Wood and Taylor Dinerman. If you have a tip, write us at opinionjournal@wsj.com, and please include the URL.)