Article:

When the whale-watching boat Leviathan II capsized near Tofino with 27 people aboard, the waters over much of Clayoquot Sound were glassy smooth and a strong breeze was blowing. 
  
 In the aftermath of the tragedy, which left five dead and one missing, people have been asking why a 20-metre boat, under the control of a veteran skipper, would roll over so suddenly in such moderate sea conditions. 
  
 In a news conference on Tuesday, Marc-André Poisson, director of marine investigations for the Transportation Safety Board, said the vessel “broached and then capsized” when most of the passengers were gathered on the top deck, port side. 
  
 “This would have raised the centre of gravity affecting the vessel’s stability. We also know that the sea conditions were such that a wave approached the vessel from the starboard quarter,” he said, although he did not suggest the wave was exceptionally large. 
  
 A flurry of media reports have said a “rogue wave” came out of nowhere on Sunday and tipped over the tour boat, which Jamie’s Whaling Station and Adventure Centres has run for the past 20 years on the same route without incident. 
  
 The rogue-wave theory, which has made headlines around the world, appears to be speculation based largely on the comments of one of the rescuers, Peter Frank Jr. 
  
 “One of [the survivors] told me … they saw this real big wave coming – bigger than the rest of the big rollers. They said it picked the boat off and it fell off the wave, it started tumbling,” he said. 
  
 The term “rogue wave” commonly means a massive wall of water (the largest recorded globally have been more than 18 metres high), but it can be used to describe any extreme wave that is three times the size of the average wave height on a given day. Researchers at San Francisco State University in 2009 reported that about three waves in every 10,000 are extreme, but that frequency can increase to three in every 1,000 “in a focal zone” where a feature such as a reef concentrates energy. 
  
 Fishermen and fishing guides who were on the water on Sunday did not report seeing any huge waves, but they say the area’s intricate pattern of tides and winds can produce dangerous conditions in localized spots. 
  
 Steve Lawson, who lives year-round on Wickaninnish Island and travels on the waters of Clayoquot Sound almost daily, said that Plover Reef, where the accident occurred, can be such a location. It lies on the outer coast and is exposed to the big, steady waves, known as rollers, that come in from the open Pacific. 
  
 “It’s a tricky spot,” he said. 
  
 Mr. Lawson said after the accident he has heard people describe Sunday’s water conditions as both calm and rough, depending where they were. 
  
 “It is unpredictable,” he said of the sea. “The big waves can come [any time] … and if you are in relatively shallow water, you know around reefs and things, it can be a problem.” 
  
 Chris McCue, who leads whale-watching tours for Jamie’s Whaling Station, but was not working on Sunday, said the Leviathan II had been “running absolutely perfect” and Plover Reef is a routine stop for Tofino whale-watching boats. 
  
 “It’s a place we all go, every day,” he said. 
  
 Doug Palfrey, who runs the Tofino Salmon Enhancement Society, keeps a close watch on the tides and the weather because he has to cross Clayoquot Sound regularly to get to the streams he works on. He was on the water the day of the accident. 
  
 “It was glassy calm,” he said. 
  
 But Mr. Palfrey said the tide was going out at the time of the accident, and outflowing water would have been colliding with incoming rollers at Plover Reef. 
  
 “Whenever you get a tide pushing against an incoming swell, even when it’s calm, your sea heights jump,” he said. “There’s a lot of things at play, swells rebounding off reefs and changing direction into the oncoming swell. You get all those shallows [around Plover Reef] and, ugh.” 
  
 According to Environment Canada, wind speed at Tofino was 4-10 knots on Sunday, which means a gentle breeze with scattered whitecaps. A weather buoy at La Perouse Bank, 30 kilometres offshore of Tofino, showed winds as high as 22 knots, which is six on the Beaufort scale and strong enough to form large waves. 
  
 Parks Canada, which manages Pacific Rim National Park Reserve near Tofino, issued a wave hazard rating of “high” on Sunday, which meant waves of one to three metres. 
  
 One of those waves hit the Leviathan II. 
  
 Report Typo/Error ||||| A freak wave that struck as sightseers crowded to one side of the top deck caused the sinking of a Canadian whale-watching vessel, killing five Britons and an Australian near Vancouver Island, investigators have said. 
  
 Canada’s transportation safety board said that after questioning some of the 21 survivors, including three crew, it had initially concluded that the Leviathan II sank on Sunday after it was hit by a wave when most of the passengers were gathered on the top deck watching sea lions. 
  
 Whale boat disaster: 'people opened their homes for the survivors' Read more 
  
 “We know that most passengers were on the top deck on the port side,” said Marc-André Poisson, the board’s director of marine investigations. “This would have raised the centre of gravity, affecting the vessel’s stability. We also know that the sea conditions were such that a wave approached from the starboard quarter ... We know that the vessel broached and then capsized.” 
  
 Earlier in the day the British Columbia coroner said that all of those killed had been standing on the open top deck of the 20-metre long vessel, which had sailed from the small resort town of Tofino on a routine sightseeing trip. 
  
 Poisson stressed they were early findings and final conclusions could take months. “None of this preliminary information should be used in isolation to draw any conclusions at this point,” he said. 
  
 However, the speed at which the transportation safety board reached its initial assessment suggests it has little doubt about the cause of the tragedy. Local fishermen and others who work on the seas around Tofino had already reached a similar conclusion, saying that a wave appeared the most likely explanation. 
  
 The board’s announcement will raise questions about the design of the vessel, which had two decks for better viewing and a relatively shallow draft. The Leviathan II’s owner, Jamie Bray, said it had made the same trip every day for 20 years without incident and the skipper had 18 years’ experience. 
  
 The transportation safety board’s announcement came a few hours after the coroner released the names of the five Britons who were killed. Stephen Thomas of Swindon was the youngest of the victims. Aged just 18, with Down’s syndrome, he had been indulging his passion for photography when the sinking claimed his life. 
  
 Stephen’s father, David, died with him. The 50-year-old, a committed Christian who worked for Microsoft, was described as a “huge supporter” by the Down’s Syndrome Association, which also said Stephen Thomas “was a very talented young man and a gifted photographer” who won a national competition with a picture of a lake. 
  
 Fifth British victim in whale boat disaster named Read more 
  
 The Swindon Advertiser quoted Stephen’s brother, Paul, as saying that their mother, Julie, survived the ordeal with minor injuries and was in hospital. Paul Thomas was travelling to Canada to be with her. 
  
 The eldest of the victims was Jack Slater, 76, who was originally from Salford but settled in Toronto. His daughter, Michele Slater Brown, said on her Facebook page that “our hearts are broken today”. 
  
 “Our dad was larger than life – a charmer, handsome, entrepreneur, engineer in the Navy, he was 76 years old, he was our dad, our lovely dad, I will miss him forever but I’m grateful for all the times I spent with him, I love you dad,” she wrote. 
  
 Slater was on board the Leviathan II with his wife Marjorie, who was rescued and taken to hospital. 
  
 The fourth victim named was 29-year-old Katie Taylor who was born in the UK but resided in Whistler, a Canadian ski resort. The fifth victim was named as Nigel Hooker, 63, from Southampton. 
  
 On Tuesday police resumed their search for a sixth person, a 27-year-old Australian man from Sydney. It was believed he had been travelling with his girlfriend who was the daughter of one of the Britons who died. 
  
 Matt Brown, coroner for the island region of British Columbia, said none of the five who died had been wearing lifejackets, although they were available. 
  
 “Lifejackets were on board. I believe that this vessel can occupy up to 50 individuals. There were 27 on board and there were lifejackets available for all of them,” he said. 
  
 The British consul general in Vancouver, Rupert Potter, went to Tofino to assist survivors who lost relatives. He described the response of the community as “really remarkable”. 
  
 “What always strikes me in these situations is the bravery that people show, and that’s definitely been the case here – how they manage to continue coping when they’ve had such loss,” he said. 
  
 Potter, who also visited survivors in hospital, said loved ones were travelling to the town from the UK.. 
  
 The premier of British Columbia, Christy Clark, visited the town on Tuesday and praised the rescue effort led by fishermen from an indigenous community of the Ahoushat First Nation a few miles to the north. “More lives would have been lost if not for the Ahoushat First Nation. We’re all incredibly grateful,” she said. 
  
 Although there was not time for a distress call before the boat sank, one of the crew found a flare in the water and fired it. It was spotted by fishermen who raised the alarm by radio and then set off to rescue survivors. The radio call was also picked up in Tofino from where boats also put to sea. 
  
 Among the first on the scene was Clarence Smith, from the Ahoushat First Nation, who found the vessel mostly underwater with just its bow still above the waves, held up by trapped air. “We saw three people in the water. One guy was clinging to the boat so we picked him first. Then I heard these voices. There were two ladies in the water clinging to each other,” he said. 
  
 Smith said one of the women was pregnant and another person had a broken leg. The rescuers described people covered in diesel fuel and injured from being thrown against steel bulkheads as the sightseeing boat turned over. 
  
 Ken Lucas was working with Smith. He said one of the people they rescued was a member of the crew who said the boat had been hit by a wave. Fishermen described a heavy swell in the area during the rescue. 
  
 Francis Campbell, driving a water taxi, was also early on the scene. He pulled eight survivors from the frigid water. “It’s something you really can’t describe. It’s going to be held with me for the rest of my life,” he said. 
  
 The flare was also spotted by Peter Frank, who rescued people clinging to a life raft that had run on to rocks. “There was this one guy saying: ‘My wife, my wife. She doesn’t know how to swim. She isn’t a great swimmer,’” he told CBC. 
  
 “Some of them, when they hopped on the boat, it was just a sense of relief … I did my best to reassure them, to tell them they’re OK.” 
  
 About 30 boats responded to the rescue call alongside the Canadian coast guard. All 21 of the survivors had been picked up by the time the official vessels arrived. Ambulances met them on Tofino’s waterfront. 
  
 The fishermen also brought the dead to shore. Survivors were taken to Tofino’s small hospital. But it soon became overwhelmed and so local residents began taking the less serious cases into their homes. 
  
 Tofino’s mayor, Josie Osborne, praised the townspeople. “This community’s response has been nothing short of phenomenal,” she said. “People opened their homes to keep the survivors warm and comfort them.” 
  
  ||||| Media caption Marine investigator: "It is much too early to say what the causes and contributing factors of this accident might be" 
  
 A whale-watching boat which sank off the coast of Canada, killing five Britons, had no opportunity to send a Mayday call, its operator has said. 
  
 More of the 27 people on board Leviathan II could have died had it not been for the "amazing response" from locals around Tofino, officials said. 
  
 An Australian is missing after the incident near Vancouver Island, the Australian government said. 
  
 Canadian government investigators have now arrived at the scene. 
  
 Media caption Amateur video shows the stricken whale-watching boat in the sea 
  
 British Columbia coroner's office said the victims, four men and one woman, ranged in age from 18 to 76. 
  
 The cause of the accident remains unknown but sea conditions at the time of the incident were said to be calm. 
  
 'Flipped' 
  
 Canada's Transportation Safety Board says it could take many months to establish what happened. 
  
 One eyewitness Alec Dick, from nearby Ahousaht First Nation, told Canada's Global News network the boat had been flipped "completely" by a wave. 
  
 Corene Inouye, director of operations at Jamie's Whaling Station and Adventure Centre, the company that owns the boat, said: "It appears the incident happened so quickly that the crew didn't have an opportunity to send out a Mayday." 
  
 She added the skipper of the ship has more than 20 years' whale-watching experience and had completed 18 years with the company. 
  
 Company owner Jamie Bray said passengers on the boat were not required to wear life jackets as it has enclosed compartments, which would be difficult to exit in the event of a sinking. 
  
 Image copyright Reuters Image caption Officials praised the "amazing response" of local people 
  
 Image copyright Reuters Image caption Rescue boats have continued to search for the missing passenger 
  
 Image copyright Reuters Image caption Corene Inouye of Jamie's Whaling Station and Adventure Centres spoke to reporters on Monday 
  
 At the scene 
  
 BBC correspondent James Cook at Tofino, Vancouver Island 
  
 Why the Leviathan II went down is a mystery which investigators say they may not solve any time soon. 
  
 As well as interviewing survivors and other witnesses, the Transportation Safety Board will be looking into conditions on Sunday, as well as scouring the wreckage of the whale-watching boat for clues, and examining its maintenance history. 
  
 The vessel, still submerged, has been towed from the scene to a nearby island so the work can begin. 
  
 The weather at the time of the accident was reportedly benign but sailors familiar with these waters say powerful currents, rogue waves and rocks are all potential hazards, even when the conditions appear to be favourable. 
  
 A lengthy investigation will be difficult for some to bear. Those touched by this tragedy may well want to know as soon as possible how this could have happened to the same tour operator for a second time. 
  
 'Amazing response' 
  
 Greg Louie, chief councillor of the Ahousaht First Nation Elected Council, told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme that had the local community not responded to the accident so quickly "possibly everyone" could have drowned or died of hypothermia. 
  
 The incident could have been "a lot worse", Lt Cmdr Desmond James of the Canadian Joint Rescue Co-ordination Centre in British Columbia said. 
  
 He added that 21 people would not have been rescued were it not for the "amazing response" by the local community. 
  
 Three of the victims were tourists on holiday from the UK, while two were UK nationals living in Canada - one woman from British Columbia and a man from Ontario. 
  
 Australian Associated Press reported the missing 27-year-old Sydney man was on the boat with his girlfriend and her family when it sank. 
  
 His girlfriend's father was among the five Britons confirmed dead, the news agency said. 
  
 Another whale-watching boat operated by Jamie's Whaling Station and Adventure Centre capsized in 1998, killing two people, including the boat operator and a tourist from Germany. 
  
 The six-metre vessel was on a three-hour trip in the area of Plover Reef when it was hit by a large swell, throwing four people into the water. 
  
 Image copyright Reuters 
  
 Whale watching off British Columbia 
  
 Tofino is a popular surfing and whale-watching resort near the Clayoquot area 
  
 Whale-watching season in Tofino begins in March and ends in late October 
  
 The area's rugged coastline and national parks attract tens of thousands of tourists every year 
  
 Canada has over 200,000km (124,000 miles) of coastline, meaning it is one of the best locations for whale watching 
  
 Are you in the area? Do you have information that you wish to share? You can contact us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your experiences. 
  
 Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways: |||||
What is a summary?