Answer the following question: Information:  - The Family Jewels is the debut studio album by Welsh singer Marina Diamandis , professionally known as Marina and the Diamonds . It was released on 15 February 2010 by 679 Recordings and Atlantic Records . Diamandis collaborated with producers including Pascal Gabriel , Liam Howe , Greg Kurstin , Richard `` Biff '' Stannard , and Starsmith during its recording . Their efforts resulted in a primarily indie pop and new wave record , with lyrical themes that Diamandis identifies as `` the seduction of commercialism , modern social values , family and female sexuality . '' Contemporary music critics spoke favourably of The Family Jewels , and welcomed its diverse production . The record debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart with first - week sales of 27,618 copies . The album was eventually certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry and has sold 195,358 units in the United Kingdom . The Family Jewels performed moderately on international record charts ; it peaked at number 138 on the Billboard 200 in the United States . The Family Jewels was supported by five singles , all of which were supplemented by accompanying music videos . `` Mowgli 's Road '' was released as the lead single from the record on 13 November 2009 , although `` Hollywood '' became its first charting track after reaching number 12 on the UK Singles Chart . Follow - up singles `` I Am Not a Robot '' , `` Oh No ! '' , and `` Shampain '' respectively peaked at numbers 26 , 38 , and 141 in the United Kingdom . The record was additionally promoted by Diamandis ' headlining The Family Jewels Tour , which visited Australia , Europe and North America from January 2010 through December 2011 .  - Timothy Zachery "Tim" Mosley (born March 10, 1972), known professionally as Timbaland, is an American record producer, singer, songwriter, rapper and DJ. Timbaland's first full credit production work was in 1996 on "Ginuwine...the Bachelor" for R&B singer Ginuwine. After further work on Aaliyah's 1996 album "One in a Million" and Missy Elliott's 1997 album "Supa Dupa Fly", Timbaland became a prominent producer for R&B and hip hop artists. As a rapper he initially released several albums with fellow rapper Magoo, followed by his debut solo album "" in 1998. In 2002, Timbaland produced the hit single "Cry Me a River" for Justin Timberlake, going on to produce most of Timberlake's subsequent LPs such as "FutureSex/LoveSounds" and "The 20/20 Experience" and their respective hit singles. A Timbaland-owned imprint label, Mosley Music Group, featured artists such as Nelly Furtado, whose Timbaland-produced album "Loose" (2006) was a commercial and critical success. In 2007, Timbaland released a solo album, "Shock Value", which was followed by "Shock Value II" in 2009.  - Elena Jane "Ellie" Goulding (; born 30 December 1986) is an English singer, songwriter and record producer. Her career began when she met record producers Starsmith and Frankmusik, and she was later spotted by Jamie Lillywhite, who later became her manager and A&R. After signing to Polydor Records in July 2009, Goulding released her debut extended play, "An Introduction to Ellie Goulding", later that year.  - Pascal Gabriel is a Belgian-born musician based in London and France.  - Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson (born October 25, 1984), known professionally as Katy Perry, is an American singer and songwriter. After singing in church during her childhood, she pursued a career in gospel music as a teenager. Perry signed with Red Hill Records and released her debut studio album "Katy Hudson" under her birth name in 2001, which was commercially unsuccessful. She moved to Los Angeles the following year to venture into secular music after Red Hill ceased operations and she subsequently began working with producers Glen Ballard, Dr. Luke, and Max Martin. After adopting the stage name Katy Perry and being dropped by The Island Def Jam Music Group and Columbia Records, she signed a recording contract with Capitol Records in April 2007.  - Kylie Ann Minogue, OBE (born 28 May 1968), often known simply as Kylie, is an Australian singer, songwriter, dancer and actress. She achieved recognition starring in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", where she played tomboy mechanic Charlene Robinson. Appearing in the series for two years, Minogue's character married Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan) in an episode viewed by nearly 20 million people in the United Kingdom making it one of the most watched Australian TV episodes ever. Since then, Minogue has been a recording artist and has achieved commercial success and critical acclaim in the entertainment industry. Minogue has been recognised with several honorific nicknames including "Princess of Pop" and "Goddess of Pop". She is recognised as the highest-selling Australian artist of all time by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).  - Atlantic Recording Corporation (simply known as Atlantic Records) is an American record label founded in October 1947 by Ahmet Ertegün and Herb Abramson. Over its first 20 years of operation, Atlantic Records earned a reputation as one of the most important American recording labels, specializing in jazz, R&B and soul recordings by African-American musicians including Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, Wilson Pickett, Sam and Dave, Ruth Brown and Otis Redding, a position greatly enhanced by its distribution deal with Stax Records. In 1967, Atlantic Records became a wholly owned subsidiary of Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, now the Warner Music Group, and expanded into rock and pop music with releases by bands such as Led Zeppelin and Yes.  - Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta (; born March 28, 1986), known professionally as Lady Gaga, is an American singer, songwriter and actress. She performed initially in theater, appearing in high school plays, and studied at CAP21 through NYU's Tisch School of the Arts before dropping out to pursue a musical career. After leaving a rock band, participating in the Lower East Side's avant garde performance art circuit, and being dropped from a contract with Def Jam Recordings, Gaga worked as a songwriter for Sony/ATV Music Publishing. From there, Akon noticed her vocal abilities and helped her to sign a joint deal with Interscope Records and his own KonLive Distribution.  - Aretha Louise Franklin (born March 25, 1942) is an American singer, songwriter and musician. Franklin began her career singing gospel at her father, minister C. L. Franklin's church as a child. In 1960, at the age of 18, Franklin embarked on a secular career, recording for Columbia Records but only achieving modest success. Following her signing to Atlantic Records in 1967, Franklin achieved commercial acclaim and success with songs such as "Respect", "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman" and "Think". These hits and more helped her to gain the title The Queen of Soul by the end of the 1960s decade.  - Robin Miriam Carlsson (born 12 June 1979), known as Robyn, is a Swedish singer, songwriter and record producer. Robyn first came to the music scene with her 1995 debut album "Robyn Is Here" which spawned two "Billboard" Hot 100 top 10 hit singles; "Do You Know (What It Takes)" and "Show Me Love". Her second and third studio albums "My Truth" (1999) and "Don't Stop the Music" (2002) were only released in her native country. Robyn returned to international success with her fourth album "Robyn" (2005) which earned her critical acclaim and a Grammy Award nomination. The album spawned the hit singles; "Be Mine!" and the UK number one "With Every Heartbeat". In 2010 she released a trilogy consisting of three mini albums of the "Body Talk" series. The albums received widespread critical acclaim, three Grammy Award nominations and produced three top 10 hits; "Dancing on My Own", "Hang with Me" and "Indestructible". Robyn followed up with the release of two collab EPs; "Do It Again" (2014) and "Love Is Free" (2015).  - Bromley is a large suburban town, the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Bromley in Greater London, England, United Kingdom. It was historically a market town chartered since 1158 and an ancient parish in the county of Kent. Its location on a coaching route and the opening of a railway station in 1858 were key to its development, and the economic history of Bromley is underpinned by a shift from an agrarian village to commerce and retail. As part of the suburban growth of London in the 20th century, Bromley significantly increased in population and was incorporated as a municipal borough in 1903. It has developed into one of a handful of regionally significant commercial and retail districts outside central London and has formed part of Greater London since 1965. Most of Bromley including the town centre falls under the BR1 postcode district, whereas areas to the west towards Shortlands are part of BR2 instead.  - The University of Surrey is a public research university located within the county town of Guildford, Surrey, in the South East of England, United Kingdom. The university specialises in science, engineering, medicine and business. It received its charter on 9 September 1966, and was previously situated near Battersea Park in south-west London. The institution was known as "Battersea College of Technology" before gaining university status. Its roots, however, go back to the "Battersea Polytechnic Institute", founded in 1891 to provide further and higher education for London's poorer inhabitants.  - The Music Producers Guild (MPG) (UK) promotes and represents all individuals in the music production and recording professions. It is a professional organisation that embodies collective and individual creative contributions to the production and recording of all genres of music and media related activities. As a guild, the organization has no political party affiliation.  - A record label or record company is a brand or trademark associated with the marketing of music recordings and music videos. Often, a record label is also a publishing company that manages such brands and trademarks, coordinates the production, manufacture, distribution, marketing, promotion, and enforcement of copyright for sound recordings and music videos; conducts talent scouting and development of new artists ("artists and repertoire" or "A&R"); and maintains contracts with recording artists and their managers. The term "record label" derives from the circular label in the center of a vinyl record which prominently displays the manufacturer's name, along with other information.  - Starsmith (born Finlay Dow-Smith, 8 July 1988, Bromley, England) is a multi-platinum selling British songwriter, producer, remixer and DJ. He is best known for his writing and production work with artists such as Ellie Goulding, Jess Glynne, Kylie Minogue, and Clean Bandit as well as his own solo work. He studied a classical music degree at the University of Surrey majoring in performance on saxophone. He has also received widespread acclaim for the remixes he created for Lady Gaga, Robyn, Timbaland, Katy Perry, Passion Pit, and Marina and the Diamonds amongst many others. His remix of "Bad Romance" was chosen as the lead remix of the track on Lady Gaga's hugely successful 2010 remix album, "The Remix". He was nominated for the Music Producers Guild Breakthrough Producer of the Year award in 2011 and then again for the Remixer of the Year in 2012.  - London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom, as well as the most populous city proper in the European Union. Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain, London has been a major settlement for two millennia. It was founded by the Romans, who named it "Londinium". London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its medieval boundaries. Since at least the 19th century, "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which today largely makes up Greater London, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.  - Warner Music Group (abbreviated as WMG, commonly referred to as Warner Music) is an American multinational entertainment and record label conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It is one of the "big three" recording companies and the third largest in the global music industry, next to Universal Music Group (UMG) and Sony Music Entertainment (SME), being the only American music conglomerate worldwide. Formerly owned by Time Warner, the company was publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange until May 2011, when it announced its privatization and sale to Access Industries, which was completed in July 2011. With a multibillion-dollar annual turnover, WMG employs in excess of 3,500 people and has operations in more than 50 countries throughout the world.  - Herbert C. Abramson (November 16, 1916  November 9, 1999) was an American record company executive, producer and co-founder of Atlantic Records.  - France, officially the French Republic, is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories. The European, or metropolitan, area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans. France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017. It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre. Other major urban centres include Marseille, Lyon, Lille, Nice, Toulouse and Bordeaux.  - "Bad Romance" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third extended play, "The Fame Monster" (2009). It was written and produced by Gaga and RedOne. Lyrically, "Bad Romance" explores Gaga's attraction to individuals with whom romance never works, her preference for lonely relationships and the paranoia she experienced while on tour. Following an illegal demo leak, Gaga showcased the final product at Alexander McQueen's show at the Paris Fashion Week in October 2009, followed by the release of the single's cover art. Musically, "Bad Romance" features a spoken bridge, a full-throated chorus and sung lyrics about being in love with one's best friend. The song, which is imbued with elements of Germanesque house and techno, as well as music from 1980s and the 1990s, was touted by Gaga as an experimental pop record. The song contains a few lines in French.  - Led Zeppelin were an English rock band formed in London in 1968. The group consisted of guitarist Jimmy Page, singer Robert Plant, bassist and keyboardist John Paul Jones, and drummer John Bonham. The band's heavy, guitar-driven sound, rooted in blues and psychedelia on their early albums, has earned them recognition as one of the progenitors of heavy metal, though their unique style drew from a wide variety of influences, including folk music.  - Gregory Allen "Greg" Kurstin (born May 14, 1969) is an American record producer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Described as "the consummate DIY writer and producer," Kurstin has been associated with releases which have cumulatively sold more than 60 million albums worldwide. He has won three Ivor Novello Awards and been nominated for 10 Grammy Awards, including Producer of the Year in 2010, 2014, and 2017.  - Stax Records is an American record label, originally based in Memphis, Tennessee.  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Ruth Alston Brown (née Weston, January 12, 1928  November 17, 2006) was an American singer-songwriter and actress, sometimes known as the "Queen of R&B". She was noted for bringing a pop music style to R&B music in a series of hit songs for Atlantic Records in the 1950s, such as "So Long", "Teardrops from My Eyes" and "(Mama) He Treats Your Daughter Mean". For these contributions, Atlantic became known as "The house that Ruth built" (alluding to the popular nickname for Old Yankee Stadium).    What object entity has the relation of 'record label' with the subject 'the family jewels '?   Choices: - 1996  - album  - american record company  - atlantic records  - capitol records  - columbia records  - def jam recordings  - english  - europe  - france  - konlive distribution  - label  - metropolis  - mosley music group  - political party  - polydor records  - pop  - record  - sony  - stax records  - the island def jam music group  - united kingdom  - universal  - universal music group  - warner music group
Answer: