Summarize this article:

Surrounded by friends and family, Susan Zemser, center, and Howard Zemser, the parents of U.S. Naval Academy Midshipman Justin Zemser, prepare to speak to the media outside their home in New York, Wednesday,... (Associated Press) 
  
 PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Seven people were killed in an Amtrak train derailment Tuesday night in Philadelphia. One victim was an Associated Press employee. Another was a midshipman at the U.S. Naval Academy. The others have not been publicly identified. 
  
 ___ 
  
 JIM GAINES 
  
 Jim Gaines, an Associated Press video software architect, was a geek's geek — and his colleagues loved him for it. 
  
 The 48-year-old father of two was named the news agency's Geek of the Month in May 2012 for his "tireless dedication and contagious passion" to technological innovation. 
  
 "At AP, not a frame goes by in the world of video that escapes the passionate scrutiny of video architect Jim Gaines," the award said. 
  
 Gaines was in the train's quiet car, headed home to Plainsboro, New Jersey, after meetings Tuesday at the news agency's Washington, D.C., office. His wife, Jacqueline, confirmed his death. 
  
 "Jim was more precious to us than we can adequately express," his family said in a statement. 
  
 Gaines joined the AP in 1998 and was a key factor in nearly all of the news agency's video initiatives, including the successful rollout of high-definition video and the AP's Video Hub — a service that provides live video to hundreds of clients around the world. 
  
 In 2006, Gaines' team won the Chairman's Prize in 2006 for development of the agency's Online Video Network. 
  
 Gaines "leaves behind a legacy of professionalism and critical accomplishment, kindness and humor," AP President and CEO Gary Pruitt told employees in an email. "He will be missed." 
  
 He is also survived by a 16-year-old son, Oliver, and an 11-year-old daughter, Anushka. 
  
 ___ 
  
 JUSTIN ZEMSER 
  
 Justin Zemser, a popular student leader and athlete, was on a break from the U.S. Naval Academy and heading home to Rockaway Beach, New York, where playing high school football helped him and his teammates through the devastation of Superstorm Sandy. 
  
 Navy Secretary Ray Mabus called Zemser a "crucial member" of the institution. 
  
 The 20-year-old's family released a statement mourning "a loving son, nephew and cousin who was very community-minded." They said the tragedy "has shocked us all in the worst way." 
  
 Zemser was in his second year. He served as vice president of the Jewish Midshipmen Club and played wide receiver on the academy's sprint football team. 
  
 At Channel View School for Research, Zemser was valedictorian, student government president and captain of the football team. 
  
 Sandy shuttered the school building for two months, but he and his teammates salvaged their season, returning to the field for a final game in Staten Island two weeks after the storm. 
  
 Zemser mentored younger students, and he and a classmate even took it upon themselves to analyze Channel View's SAT data and give presentations on how to prepare students better, then-Principal Pat Tubridy recalled. 
  
 "He was so committed, and yet so easygoing," she said. 
  
 Outside school, Zemser interned for New York City Councilman Eric Ulrich and former Councilman James Sanders. Ulrich called him "truly a bright, talented and patriotic young man." 
  
 Zemser also volunteered with a church program, a soup kitchen and a nursing home and mentored children with autism, U.S. Sen. Charles Schumer said. Schumer and U.S. Rep. Gregory Meeks nominated Zemser to the Naval Academy, and Meeks was struck by his "high character, intellectual curiosity, and maturity beyond his years." ||||| Photos View photos zoom 
  
 PHILADELPHIA—A Canadian man has been identified as one of the seven people killed Tuesday when an Amtrak train derailed in Philadelphia. 
  
 Abid Gilani was a senior vice-president for Wells Fargo in New York City and had been with the company for about a year, according to his profile page on LinkedIn. 
  
 A company spokeswoman says Gilani was a married father of two who split his time between Washington and New York. 
  
 Gilani's wife, Diane, told reporters in Rockville, Maryland that her husband was a “dear person . . . a kind family man.” 
  
 “We have suffered a tremendous loss today. He'll be sorely missed . . . he was really a wonderful person.” 
  
 Gilani said she and her husband are both from Canada and had moved to the United States “decades ago” but still have family ties in Ontario. 
  
 “It is with great sadness that Wells Fargo confirms that Abid Gilani, a valued member of our Commercial Real Estate division, has passed away,” the company said in a statement. 
  
 “Our hearts go out to all those impacted by this tragedy.” 
  
 The New York Daily News has reported that Gilani was 55 and was returning to New York from Virginia where he and his mother, who lives in Toronto, had attended the funeral of her brother. 
  
 Before joining Wells Fargo, Gilani had been with Marriott International for eight years. 
  
 According to his LinkedIn profile, Gilani attended Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ont., and the University of Saskatchewan before working as a mine planning engineer in Saskatoon and then with ScotiaBank and RBC Dominion Securities. 
  
 Prior to joining Wells Fargo in New York, Gilani spent about eight years with the Mariott International hotel chain. 
  
 Federal investigators said Wednesday that the Amtrak train was hurtling at about 170 kilometres an hour before it ran off the rails along a sharp curve where the speed limit drops to just 80 km/h. 
  
 A spokesman for the National Transportation Safety Board said the engineer had applied the emergency brakes moments before the crash but slowed the train to only 164 km/h by the time the locomotive's black box stopped recording data. 
  
 The engineer, whose name was not released, refused to give a statement to law enforcement and left a police precinct with a lawyer, police said. Sumwalt said federal accident investigators want to talk to him but will give him a day or two to recover from the shock of the accident. 
  
 Mayor Michael Nutter said there was “no way in the world” the engineer should have been going that fast into the curve. 
  
 “Clearly he was reckless and irresponsible in his actions,” Nutter told CNN. “I don’t know what was going on with him, I don’t know what was going on in the cab, but there’s really no excuse that could be offered.” 
  
 More than 200 people aboard the Washington-to-New York train were injured in the wreck, which happened in a decayed industrial neighbourhood not far from the Delaware River just before 9:30 p.m. Tuesday. Passengers crawled out the windows of the torn and toppled rail cars in the darkness and emerged dazed and bloody, many of them with broken bones and burns. 
  
 It was the nation’s deadliest train accident in nearly seven years. 
  
 Amtrak suspended all service until further notice along the Philadelphia-to-New York stretch of the nation’s busiest rail corridor as investigators examined the wreckage and the tracks and gathered evidence. The shutdown snarled the commute and forced thousands of people to find other ways to reach their destinations. 
  
 The dead included an Associated Press employee, a midshipman at the U.S. Naval Academy, a Wells Fargo executive and a CEO of an educational startup. At least 10 people remained hospitalized in critical condition. 
  
 Nutter said some people were unaccounted for but cautioned that some passengers listed on the Amtrak manifest might not have boarded the train, while others might not have checked in with authorities. 
  
 “We will not cease our efforts until we go through every vehicle,” the mayor said. 
  
 He said rescuers expanded the search area and were using dogs to look for victims in case someone was thrown from the wreckage. 
  
 The NTSB finding about the train’s speed corroborated an AP analysis done earlier in the day of surveillance video from a spot along the tracks. The AP concluded from the footage that the train was speeding at approximately 107 mph (172.2 km/h) moments before it entered the curve. 
  
 Despite pressure from Congress and safety regulators, Amtrak had not installed along that section of track Positive Train Control, a technology that uses GPS, wireless radio and computers to prevent trains from going over the speed limit. Most of Amtrak’s Northeast Corridor is equipped with Positive Train Control. 
  
 “Based on what we know right now, we feel that had such a system been installed in this section of track, this accident would not have occurred,” Sumwalt said. 
  
 The notoriously tight curve is not far from the site of one of the deadliest train wrecks in U.S. history: the 1943 derailment of the Congressional Limited, bound from Washington to New York. Seventy-nine people were killed. 
  
 Amtrak inspected the stretch of track on Tuesday, just hours before the accident, and found no defects, the Federal Railroad Administration said. Besides the data recorder, the train had a video camera in its front end that could yield clues to what happened, Sumwalt said. 
  
 As for the engineer, Sumwalt said: “This person has gone through a very traumatic event, and we want to give him an opportunity to convalesce for a day or so before we interview him. But that is certainly a high priority for us, to interview the train crew.” 
  
 The crash took place about 10 minutes after the train pulled out of Philadelphia’s 30th Street Station with 238 passengers and five crew members listed aboard. The locomotive and all seven passenger cars hurtled off the track as the train made a left turn, Sumwalt said. 
  
 Jillian Jorgensen was seated in the second passenger car and said the train was going “fast enough for me to be worried” when it began to lurch to the right. Then the lights went out, and Jorgensen was thrown from her seat. 
  
 She said she “flew across the train” and landed under some seats that had apparently broken loose from the floor. 
  
 Jorgensen, a reporter for The New York Observer who lives in Jersey City, New Jersey, said she wriggled free as fellow passengers screamed. She saw one man lying still, his face covered in blood, and a woman with a broken leg. 
  
 She climbed out an emergency exit window, and a firefighter helped her down a ladder to safety. 
  
 “It was terrifying and awful, and as it was happening it just did not feel like the kind of thing you could walk away from, so I feel very lucky,” Jorgensen said in an email. “The scene in the car I was in was total disarray, and people were clearly in a great deal of pain.” 
  
 Among the dead were award-winning AP video software architect Jim Gaines, a father of two; Justin Zemser, a Naval Academy midshipman from New York City; Abid Gilani, a senior vice-president in Wells Fargo’s commercial real estate division in New York; and Rachel Jacobs, who was commuting home to New York from her new job as CEO of the Philadelphia educational software startup ApprenNet. 
  
 Several victims were rolled away on stretchers. Others wobbled as they walked away or were put on buses. 
  
 “It’s incredible that so many people walked away from that scene last night,” the mayor said. “I saw people on this street behind us walking off of that train. I don’t know how that happened, but for the grace of God.” 
  
 The area where the wreck happened is known as Frankford Junction, situated in a neighbourhood of warehouses, industrial buildings and homes. 
  
 Amtrak carries 11.6 million passengers a year along its busy Northeast Corridor, which runs between Washington and Boston. ||||| CLOSE Investigators say the Amtrak train that derailed in Philadelphia late Tuesday night was going more than 100 miles per hour, more than twice the speed limit. VPC 
  
 In this Sept. 7, 2006 photo, Associated Press employee Jim Gaines poses for a picture. (Photo: Santos Chaparro, AP) 
  
 They were on their way to or from meetings or on their way home to take some time off. 
  
 Families, employers and officials have identified five of the eight people who died in Tuesday night's deadly Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia. From what is known, they were an accomplished group. 
  
 Derrick Griffith, acting dean of student affairs at Medgar Evers College in New York City, died when the train crashed as it headed from Washington toward New York, the school's president confirmed in a television interview. Griffith was from Brooklyn, according to CNN. 
  
 "He was a scholar, a gentleman," college president Rudy Crew told CNN. 
  
 The school, which is part of the City University of New York, learned of Griffith's death after receiving a call from the coroner's office and then contacted Griffith's family to confirm, Crew said. 
  
 Griffith is survived by his son and his mother, Crew said. 
  
 "They are distraught," he said. "They are absolutely in distress mode." 
  
 Griffith joined the CUNY system in 2011 after serving as executive director of Groundwork, a community organization that helps public housing residents get to college, according to the CUNY website. 
  
 Derrick E. Griffith dean of student affairs and enrollment management at Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn, New York, was among those killed when an Amtrak passenger train derailed Tuesday, in Philadelphia. (Photo: Clareese Hill, AP) 
  
 Jim Gaines, 48, was video software architect with the Associated Press, the news organization said. Gaines was returning home to Plainsboro, N.J., from meetings in Washington, according to the news organization. His wife, Jacqueline, confirmed his death. 
  
 Along with his wife, Gaines leaves behind a son, Oliver, 16, and a daughter, Anushka, 11. 
  
 Gaines played a key role in almost all of the AP's video initiatives, including a live video service that served hundreds of clients around the world. 
  
 In May 2012, he won the news organization's "Geek of the Month" award for his devotion to technological innovation, the AP said. 
  
 He also was part of a team that won the AP Chairman's Prize in 2006 for developing the organization's Online Video Network. 
  
 Justin Zemser, 20, Queens, N.Y., was a U.S. Naval Academy midshipman, Naval Secretary Ray Mabus said during a speech Wednesday. The academy declined to release his name until all his relatives were notified, but did say he was on leave and was on his way home. 
  
 Surrounded by friends and family, Susan Zemser, center, and Howard Zemser, the parents of U.S. Naval Academy Midshipman Justin Zemser, prepare to speak to the media outside their home in New York, Wednesday. (Photo: Seth Wenig, AP) 
  
 "This is a painful day for that midshipman's familly, for the entire Academy community, and for all those affected by this tragedy," Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in a speech Wednesday. "Our thoughts and prayers are with them:" 
  
 Abid Gilani was a senior vice president at Wells Fargo, a company spokesman in New York confirmed. 
  
 "It is with great sadness that Wells Fargo confirms that Abid GIlani, a valued member of our Commercial Real Estate division, has passed away," Wells Fargo said in a statement. "Our hearts go out to all those impacted by this tragedy." 
  
 Rachel Jacobs of ApprenNet was on the Amtrak train that derailed on May 12 in Philadelphia. (Photo: ApprenNet) 
  
 Rachel Jacobs, CEO of the online education consulting firm ApprenNet, had been missing but CNN reported she was among the dead and is survived by a husband and 2-year-old son. She lived in Manhattan, firm cofounder Karl Okamoto, a law professor at Drexel University, said. 
  
 The family of Jacobs, a native of metropolitan Detroit, released a statement Wednesday praising her qualities. Jacobs was known to take the train several times each week. 
  
 "This is an unthinkable tragedy," the statement read. "Rachel was a wonderful mother, daughter, sister, wife, friend." 
  
 Shortly before the crash, Jacobs sent a text to her husband confirming she had boarded the train as she headed home to New York, said Stacey Range Messina, a work colleague of Jacobs' mother, Gilda Jacobs, at the Michigan League for for Public Policy. Gilda Jacobs is a former Michigan state senator. 
  
 "Rachel was loved and cherished by her entire family, her husband, her two-year-old son, friends and co-workers," read a statement from the league. 
  
 Jacobs was originally from Huntington Woods, Mich., and graduated from Swarthmore and Columbia University School of Business, according to her LinkedIn page. 
  
 She took over ApprenNet from Okamoto in 2011 and also founded Detroit Nation, a network of Detroit expats invested in the area's growth. 
  
 Another victime was identified as Bob Gildersleeve, Jr., 45, a vice president for Ecolab of St. Paul, Minn. "We are deeply saddened by the loss of our friend and colleague," Ecolab CEO Doug Baker said in a statement. 
  
 CONTRIBUTING: Daniel Bethencourt and Niraj Warikoo, Detroit Free Press 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Hi2WQq |||||

Summary: