Information:  - John Nicholas Cassavetes (December 9, 1929  February 3, 1989) was a Greek-American actor, film director, and screenwriter. Cassavetes was a pioneer of American independent film, writing and directing over a dozen movies, which he partially self-financed, and pioneered the use of improvisation and a realistic cinéma vérité style. He also acted in many Hollywood films, notably "Rosemary's Baby" (1968) and "The Dirty Dozen" (1967). He studied acting with Don Richardson, using an acting technique based on muscle memory. His income from acting made it possible for him to direct his own films independently.  - The Rose Tattoo is a Tennessee Williams play. It opened on Broadway in February 1951, and the film adaptation was released in 1955. It tells the story of an Italian-American widow in Mississippi who has allowed herself to withdraw from the world after her husband's death, and expects her daughter to do the same.  - The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States. With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States. Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term "New York minute". Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.  - Fugitive Kind is a 1937 play written by Tennessee Williams. The play is evocative of a Clifford Odets Depression era play. The action takes place in a flophouse in Two Rivers, Mississippi during the waning days of 1936, as the New Year 1937 is imminent. The play features a lonesome clerk, who oversees a hotel that houses a collection of alcoholic losers and a rebellious college student. The owner of the hotel is an obsessive Jew. The clerk is befriended by an on-the-run gangster, Terry Meighan, who claims to be a victim of the corrupt social system. He represents hope to the hotel clerk.  - For the 1937 Tennessee Williams play , see Fugitive Kind . The Fugitive Kind is a 1960 American drama film starring Marlon Brando and Anna Magnani , and directed by Sidney Lumet . The screenplay by Meade Roberts and Tennessee Williams was based on the latter 's 1957 play Orpheus Descending , itself a revision of his unproduced 1940 work Battle of Angels . Despite being set in the Deep South , the United Artists release was filmed in Milton , New York . At the 1960 San Sebastián International Film Festival , it won the Silver Seashell for Sidney Lumet and the Zulueta Prize for Best Actress for Joanne Woodward . The film is available on videotape and DVD . A two - disc DVD edition by The Criterion Collection was released in April 2010 . A stage production also took place in 2010 at the Arclight Theatre starring Michael Brando , grandson of Marlon Brando , in the lead role . This particular production used the edited film version of the text as opposed to the original play .  - Eugene Gladstone O'Neill (October 16, 1888  November 27, 1953) was an American playwright and Nobel laureate in Literature. His poetically titled plays were among the first to introduce into American drama techniques of realism earlier associated with Russian playwright Anton Chekhov, Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen, and Swedish playwright August Strindberg. The drama "Long Day's Journey into Night" is often numbered on the short list of the finest American plays in the 20th century, alongside Tennessee Williams's "A Streetcar Named Desire" and Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman".  - Meade Roberts (13 June 1930 in New York City  10 February 1992 in New York City) was an American screenwriter who collaborated with Tennessee Williams with the screenplays for the films "The Fugitive Kind" (1959) and "Summer and Smoke" (1961), both based on plays by Williams. In other work for films, Roberts wrote the screenplay for "The Stripper" (1963), starring Joanne Woodward, by adapting William Inge's play "A Loss of Roses" and wrote the screenplay for the movie "In the Cool of the Day" (1963), starring Peter Finch and Jane Fonda, by adapting Susan Ertz's novel of the same name. Roberts also was an actor in two John Cassavetes films, "The Killing of a Chinese Bookie" (1976) and "Opening Night" (1977). Roberts's play "A Palm Tree in a Rose Garden" (1957) had an off-Broadway run in NYC from November 26, 1957 to January 19, 1958, with Barbara Baxley as Barbara Parris. In 1960, Tomás Milián appeared at Spoleto's Festival dei Due Mondi in Roberts's one-act play "Maidens and Mistresses at Home in the Zoo" (1958), written specifically for him.  - Vanessa Redgrave, (born 30 January 1937) is an English actress of stage, screen and television, as well as a political activist. She is a 2003 American Theatre Hall of Fame inductee, and received the 2010 BAFTA Fellowship.  - Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, written by Frank Pierson and produced by Martin Bregman and Martin Elfand. The film stars Al Pacino, John Cazale, Charles Durning, Chris Sarandon, Penelope Allen, James Broderick, Lance Henriksen and Carol Kane. The title refers to the sultry "dog days" of summer.  - In the Cool of the Day (1963) is a British-American film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in Metrocolor and Panavision. The film is a romantic drama film directed by Robert Stevens and starring Peter Finch, Jane Fonda, Angela Lansbury, Arthur Hill, Nigel Davenport, and John Le Mesurier. The film was made on locations in London, Greece and at MGM-British Studios, Borehamwood, Herts.  - Viva Zapata! is a 1952 biographical film starring Marlon Brando and directed by Elia Kazan. The screenplay was written by John Steinbeck, using as a guide Edgcomb Pinchon's book, "Zapata the Unconquerable." The cast includes Jean Peters and, in an Academy Award-winning performance, Anthony Quinn.  - The Festival dei Due Mondi (Festival of the Two Worlds) is an annual summer music and opera festival held each June to early July in Spoleto, Italy, since its founding by composer Gian Carlo Menotti in 1958. It features a vast array of concerts, opera, dance, drama, visual arts and roundtable discussions on science.  - A Streetcar Named Desire is a 1947 play written by American playwright Tennessee Williams which received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1948. The play opened on Broadway on December 3, 1947, and closed on December 17, 1949, in the Ethel Barrymore Theatre. The Broadway production was directed by Elia Kazan and starred Jessica Tandy, Marlon Brando, Karl Malden, and Kim Hunter. The London production opened in 1949 with Bonar Colleano, Vivien Leigh, and Renee Asherson and was directed by Laurence Olivier. The drama "A Streetcar Named Desire" is often regarded as among the finest plays of the 20th century, and is considered by many to be one of Williams' greatest.  - The Verdict is a 1982 American courtroom drama film starring Paul Newman, Charlotte Rampling, Jack Warden, James Mason, Milo O'Shea and Lindsay Crouse. The film, which was directed by Sidney Lumet, was adapted by David Mamet from the novel by Barry Reed. It is about a down-on-his-luck alcoholic lawyer who takes a medical malpractice case to improve his own situation, but discovers along the way that he is doing the right thing.  - The Academy Honorary Award, instituted in 1948 for the 21st Academy Awards (previously called the Special Award), is given by the discretion of the Board of Governors of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to celebrate motion picture achievements that are not covered by existing Academy Awards, although prior winners of competitive Academy Awards are not excluded from receiving the Honorary Award. Unless otherwise specified, Honorary Award recipients receive the same gold Oscar statuettes received by winners of the competitive Academy Awards. Unlike the Special Achievement Award instituted in 1972, those on whom the Academy confers its Honorary Award do not have to meet "the Academy's eligibility year and deadline requirements." Like the Special Achievement Award, the Special Award and Honorary Award have been used to reward significant achievements of the year that did not fit in existing categories, subsequently leading the Academy to establish several new categories, and to honor exceptional career achievements, contributions to the motion picture industry, and service to the Academy. The Academy Honorary Award is often awarded in preference to those with noted achievements in motion pictures who have nevertheless never won an Academy Award. Thus, many of its recipients are Classic Hollywood stars, such as Lillian Gish, Barbara Stanwyck, and Lauren Bacall.  - William Motter Inge (May 3, 1913  June 10, 1973) was an American playwright and novelist, whose works typically feature solitary protagonists encumbered with strained sexual relations. In the early 1950s, he had a string of memorable Broadway productions, including "Picnic", which earned him a Pulitzer Prize. With his portraits of small-town life and settings rooted in the American heartland, Inge became known as the "Playwright of the Midwest."  - Stella Adler (February 10, 1901  December 21, 1992) was an American actress and acting teacher. She founded the Stella Adler Studio of Acting in New York City and Los Angeles with longtime protégée, actress Joanne Linville, who continues to teach Adler's technique. Her grandson Tom Oppenheim now runs the school in New York City, which has produced alumni such as Marlon Brando, Robert De Niro, Harvey Keitel, Elaine Stritch, Kate Mulgrew, Kipp Hamilton, and Jenny Lumet.  - Marlon Brando, Jr. (April 3, 1924  July 1, 2004) was an American actor, film director and activist. He is credited with bringing realism to film acting, and is considered one of the greatest and most influential actors of all time. He helped to popularize the Stanislavski system of acting, studying with Stella Adler in the 1940s. Brando is most famous for his Academy Award-winning performances as Terry Malloy in "On the Waterfront" (1954) and Vito Corleone in "The Godfather" (1972), as well as performances in "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951), "Viva Zapata!" (1952), "Julius Caesar" (1953), "The Wild One" (1953), "Reflections in a Golden Eye" (1967), "Last Tango in Paris" (1972), and "Apocalypse Now" (1979). Brando was also an activist for many causes, notably the African-American Civil Rights Movement and various Native American movements.  - Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American epic war film directed, produced and co-written by Francis Ford Coppola and co-written by John Milius with narration by Michael Herr. It stars Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Frederic Forrest, Albert Hall, Sam Bottoms, Larry Fishburne, and Dennis Hopper. The screenplay written by Milius updates the setting of Joseph Conrad's novella "Heart of Darkness" to that of the Vietnam War. It draws from Herr's "Dispatches", and Werner Herzog's "Aguirre, the Wrath of God" (1972). The film revolves around Captain Benjamin L. Willard (Sheen) on a secret mission to assassinate Colonel Kurtz, a renegade who's presumed insane.  - Thomas Lanier "Tennessee" Williams III (March 26, 1911  February 25, 1983) was an American playwright. Along with Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller he is considered among the three foremost playwrights in 20th-century American drama.  - Clifford Odets (July 18, 1906  August 14, 1963) was an American playwright, screenwriter, and director. Odets was widely seen as successor to Nobel Prize-winning playwright Eugene O'Neill as O'Neill began to retire from Broadway's commercial pressures and increasing critical backlash in the mid-1930s. From early 1935 on, Odets' socially relevant dramas proved extremely influential, particularly for the remainder of the Great Depression. Odets' works inspired the next several generations of playwrights, including Arthur Miller, Paddy Chayefsky, Neil Simon, David Mamet, and Jon Robin Baitz. After the production of his play "Clash by Night" in the 1941-42 season, Odets focused his energies on film projects, remaining in Hollywood for the next seven years. He began to be eclipsed by such playwrights as Miller, Tennessee Williams and, in 1950, William Inge.  - Last Tango in Paris is a 1972 Franco-Italian erotic drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci which portrays a recently widowed American who begins an anonymous sexual relationship with a young Parisian woman. It stars Marlon Brando, Maria Schneider, and Jean-Pierre Léaud.  - Barbara Baxley (January 1, 1923  June 7, 1990) was an American actress and singer.  - Sidney Arthur Lumet (; June 25, 1924  April 9, 2011) was an American director, producer and screenwriter with over 50 films to his credit. He was nominated for the Academy Award as Best Director for "12 Angry Men" (1957), "Dog Day Afternoon" (1975), "Network" (1976) and "The Verdict" (1982). He did not win an individual Academy Award, but he did receive an Academy Honorary Award and 14 of his films were nominated for various Oscars, such as "Network", which was nominated for ten, winning four.  - Susan Ertz (1894  11 April 1985) was an Anglo-American writer, known for her "sentimental tales of genteel life in the country." She was born in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, England to American parents Charles and Mary Ertz. She moved back and forth between both countries during her childhood but chose to live in England when she was 18. She married British Army soldier, Major John Ronald McCrindle in London in 1932.  - The Wild One is a 1953 American film directed by László Benedek and produced by Stanley Kramer. It is most noted for the character of Johnny Strabler (Marlon Brando), whose persona became a cultural icon of the 1950s. "The Wild One" is considered to be the original outlaw biker film, and the first to examine American outlaw motorcycle gang violence.  - Anna Magnani (7 March 1908  26 September 1973) was an Italian stage and film actress. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress, along with four other international awards, for her portrayal of a Sicilian widow in "The Rose Tattoo".  - Arthur Asher Miller (October 17, 1915  February 10, 2005) was an American playwright, essayist, and figure in twentieth-century American theatre. Among his most popular plays are "All My Sons" (1947), "Death of a Salesman" (1949), "The Crucible" (1953) and "A View from the Bridge" (1955, revised 1956). He also wrote several screenplays and was most noted for his work on "The Misfits" (1961). The drama "Death of a Salesman" has been numbered on the short list of finest American plays in the 20th century alongside "Long Day's Journey into Night" and "A Streetcar Named Desire".  - The Killing of a Chinese Bookie is a 1976 American art and crime film directed and written by John Cassavetes and starring Ben Gazzara. A rough and gritty film, the formidable character Gazzara plays was based on an impersonation he did for his friend Cassavetes in the 1970s. This is the second of their three collaborations, following "Husbands" and preceding "Opening Night""."  - Orpheus Descending is a play by Tennessee Williams. It was first presented on Broadway in 1957 where it enjoyed a brief run (68 performances) with only modest success. It was revived on Broadway in 1989, directed by Peter Hall and starring Vanessa Redgrave and Kevin Anderson. This production ran for 13 previews and 97 performances.  - The Godfather is a 1972 American crime film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and produced by Albert S. Ruddy, based on Mario Puzo's best-selling novel of the same name. It stars Marlon Brando and Al Pacino as the leaders of a fictional New York crime family. The story, spanning 1945 to 1955, chronicles the family under the patriarch Vito Corleone, focusing on the transformation of Michael Corleone (Pacino) from reluctant family outsider to ruthless mafia boss.  - On the Waterfront is a 1954 American crime drama film with elements of film noir. The film was directed by Elia Kazan and written by Budd Schulberg. It stars Marlon Brando and features Karl Malden, Lee J. Cobb, Rod Steiger, Pat Henning, and, in her film debut, Eva Marie Saint. The soundtrack score was composed by Leonard Bernstein. The film was suggested by "Crime on the Waterfront" by Malcolm Johnson, a series of articles published in November-December 1948 in the "New York Sun" which won the 1949 Pulitzer Prize for Local Reporting, but the screenplay by Budd Schulberg is directly based on his own original story. The film focuses on union violence and corruption amongst longshoremen while detailing widespread corruption, extortion, and racketeering on the waterfronts of Hoboken, New Jersey.    What is the relationship between 'the fugitive kind' and '1959'?
A: