Summarize this article:

After topping out at 1,102 lbs., Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty is leaving the hospital 713 lbs. lighter. 
  
 El Aty successfully underwent laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy surgery on March 9, and after close to two months in the hospital, she is down to 389 lbs. 
  
 “The team of doctors at Saifee Hospital has done a fabulous job and her recovery has been unprecedented,” the Save Eman Cause announced in a press release shared with PEOPLE. “She is stable and all parameters are under control. She will continue to need neurological rehabilitation and physiotherapy.” 
  
 El Aty, who is from Egypt, went to Saifee Hospital in Mumbai for pro-bono surgery thanks to Dr. Muffazal Lakdawala, who responded to pleas for help from El Aty’s sister, Shaimaa on Twitter. After a fundraising effort, El Aty was flown to India on a chartered cargo plane. 
  
 Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty in December Dr. Muffi Ladawala/Twitter 
  
 “She came on a chartered cargo plane and goes back as a passenger on a flight in Business Class.” 
  
 Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty in April Save Eman Cause 
  
 Before arriving at Saifee Hospital, El Aty had been confined to her bed for the last two decades in deteriorating health, particularly after a stroke two years ago that further impaired her speech and mobility. 
  
 El Aty is now on her way to the United Arab Emirates, where she’ll continue rehabilitation closer to her family in Egypt. 
  
 RELATED VIDEO: Watch How Chantel and Allyson Lost Half Their Size! 
  
 “Eman is an inspiration to millions of critical and obese patients world over that someone as serious as her can get better with expert medical care and advances in medical science,” the Save Eman Cause added. |||||  
  
 Doctors and officials from Abu Dhabi visited Eman Ahmed yesterday 
  
 The tiff between Eman Ahmed's sister, Shaimaa, and doctors at Saifee Hospital worsened on Thursday, with the hospital calling the police on Shaimaa as she tried to feed a few drops of water to Eman, something that is risky for her since her throat is paralysed. 
  
 Unsupervised feeding could cause the water to go into her lungs. Shaimaa claimed the hospital did not warn her of this, but Saifee insisted it had. 
  
 Also read: Maharashtra Health Minister criticises Eman Ahmed's sister 
  
 "On April 11, Dr Muffazal Lakdawala sent me a text message saying that he gave chocolates to Eman and that made her happy. So, when Eman was asking for water today, I gave her a few drops of it. But I didn't know it would lead to so much trouble," Shaimaa told mid-day. 
  
  
  
 Eman Ahmed with her sister Shaimaa at their home in Egypt 
  
 Guards call on COO 
  
 When security guards present at her room saw Shaimaa feeding Eman, they quickly informed Huzefa Shehabi, the COO of Saifee Hospital, who then came to her room to speak to Shaimaa. However, she allegedly refused to listen to his pleas. 
  
 Also read - Mumbai: Now, Eman Ahmed's mother levels shocking allegations against Dr Lakdawala and Saifee Hospital 
  
 "Eman can't drink water as she could aspirate and the water could go to her lungs. When I requested her not to feed her water, she called me crazy. She became very abusive," said Shehabi. He then wrote about the incident to the Egyptian consulate, asking them to request Shaimaa to follow the doctors' orders, as violation can prove fatal. 
  
 Then, the hospital security called the police. 
  
 Cops arrive, and leave 
  
 "Our police station received calls from the hospital, saying the patient's sister tried to feed her water, which was not permitted by the treating doctors. So, a few of our officers went to the hospital as asked," said Sanjay Kamble, senior officer, VP Road police station. The police came in and asked Shaimaa if Eman could talk, to which she replied in the negative. They left soon after. 
  
 "If anything happens to Eman while she is staying in India, it would affect the image of the Indian medical fraternity. So, we have to be very careful," said Shehabi. Shaimaa claims Eman used to eat solid food in Egypt. "She could eat solid food in Egypt. Then what happened to her here that she can't even drink water? I wasn't told that she couldn't drink at all," said Shaimaa. 
  
 Also read - Eman Ahmed's story comes undone: Sister levels shocking allegations against Mumbai surgeon 
  
 The hospital claims that one police officer might be installed near her room to stop such incidents in future. "The police were saying that they would station one officer in front of her room. But we aren't sure about it," said Shehabi. But Kamble refuted the claim and said, "If a patient's relative doesn't follow the doctor's instructions, then it is the internal problem of the hospital. We can't do anything about it. We can't install any officer inside the hospital. There might have been some misunderstanding." 
  
 Abu Dhabi it is 
  
 While the water incident left a bad taste in Shaimaa's mouth, there was a silver lining in the events of Thursday. It has been confirmed that Eman will soon fly to Abu Dhabi for the rest of her treatment. Dr Shamsheer Vayalil, chairman and MD, VPS Healthcare, Dr Shajir Gaffar CEO, Senet Meyer, director of VPS Medical Evac, Dr Vivek Singh, director of VPS Rockland Hospital, Delhi visited Eman yesterday, after which they issued a statement confirming the move. 
  
 The statement said, "As the treatment here concludes, she is being shifted to Burjeel Hospital in UAE (initially introduced to the family by Dr Lakdawala). Secondary physiotherapy will continue there as it is closer to home for Eman." 
  
 However, the date of her departure hasn't been fixed yet. "Everything is in process. The date hasn't been finalised yet," said Shaimaa. But this time around, instead of going on a chartered cargo plane, Eman will fly business class. 
  
 Incidentally, Burjeel is one of the hospitals that came forward to treat Eman a year ago, when they were in Egypt. But Shaimaa had opted for Saifee, as per a friend's suggestion. ||||| Mumbai: The battle between Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty’s sister Shaimaa Selim and Saifee Hospital took an ugly turn on Thursday with the latter sending a written complaint to V.P. Road police station requesting them to restrict the sister from making deliberate attempts to spoil Ms. Ahmed’s health. 
  
 In their complaint, Saifee Hospital’s chief security officer Rakesh Singh alleged that Ms. Selim has been forcefully attempting to feed the patient through the mouth even when she is at the risk of aspirating food into the airway. 
  
 Minister visits hospital 
  
 On Thursday, Health Minister Deepak Sawant visited the hospital to get the real picture. “I saw her reports and met her. I don’t think the doctors have left any scope of complaints,” said Dr. Sawant, adding that the ongoing spar has put doctors in the bad light. 
  
 “I wanted to see the reality with my own eyes and I feel very disappointed by whatever the patient’s relative has done,” he said. He added that he had conveyed his thoughts to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, who had facilitated visas for Ms. Ahmed and her sister so that she could be brought to Mumbai for a bariatric surgery. Ms. Swaraj also took updates on Ms. Ahmed’s health from Dr. Mufazzal Lakdawala and hospital COO Huzaifa Sehabi. 
  
 Inspiration to millions 
  
 Ms. Ahmed weighed 500 kg before she was started on treatment by Dr. Lakdawala and his team. She now weighs 176 kg. A statement issued by the doctor on Thursday said, “As the treatment here concludes she is being shifted to Burjeel Hospital (a hospital initially introduced to the family by Dr. Lakdawala) in U.A.E . Secondary physiotherapy will continue over there as it is closer to home for Ms. Ahmed and her family. Ms. Ahmed is an inspiration to millions of critical and obese patients world over that someone as serious as she can get better with expert medical care and advances in medical science.” 
  
 Dr. Shamsheer Vayalil, managing director of VPS Healthcare that runs Burjeel Hospital, visited her early on Thursday. 
  
 Ms. Selim said, “I don’t know how much time they will take to shift her. Probably, two more days.” She said no one told her that she is not supposed to feed water to her sister. “I gave her water with wet cotton. What is the problem with that? If there is a problem, no one told me that.” 
  
 “I am extremely scared now. I am taking care of my sister all alone. These people called the police for such a small issue,” she said, adding Dr. Lakdawala told her that he gave a piece of chocolate a few days ago. “So why would I think that water is not allowed to her?” 
  
 Hospital unaffected 
  
 Mr. Sehabi said the entire episode has not affected the functioning of the hospital. “We are carrying out our regular work. We are seeing our patients the same way. All this has not affected us,” he said, adding that the Saifee doctors have managed the most crucial part of her treatment. “Now there is only physiotherapy for her. We were anyway in the process of arranging someone to visit her home in Alexandria before she sent out the video.” 
  
 Early this week, Ms. Selim had circulated a video stating that her sister’s condition is bad and that everything was done for propaganda. ||||| Rating is available when the video has been rented. 
  
 This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. ||||| “Tests Say Eman Ahmed Happens To Be The Only One In The World With This Rare Gene Defect Causing Obesity” 
  
 The much-awaited gene studies of Ms. Eman Ahmed are finally out, proving to be the cause of her obesity. Ms. Eman Ahmed who currently weighs 340 kgs. has been under the care of a team of super specialists at Saifee Hospital lead by Dr. Muffazal Lakdawala. A high-risk patient with myriad medical conditions, she has recently successfully undergone a Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy surgery at Saifee Hospital. This special gene study for the 91 different types of genes isolated with obesity related syndrome has been carried out gratis on Ms. Eman Ahmed, by CORE Diagnostics Pvt. Ltd. details of which are being shared in view of public interest in the case. The gene identified as the cause of Obesity in Ms Eman Ahmed is a homozygous missense variant c.1055G>A, p.(Cys352Tyr) in the LEPR gene. This variant has been previously detected in one individual in research setting by Personalized Diabetes Medicine Program, University of Maryland School of Medicine, and has been classified as a variant of uncertain significance (VUS). However, in Eman’s case this has assumed pathologic consequences leading to her obesity. Ms. Eman Ahmed happens to be the only one in the world with this gene defect causing obesity. 
  
 She also has another gene defect SDCCAG8 associated with PHENOTYPE Bardet‐Biedl syndrome, Senior‐ Loken syndrome but we believe that it may not be as significant the cause of obesity in her case as the LEPR Gene. Leptin receptor is involved in the regulation of body weight. The leptin receptor protein is found on the surface of cells in many organs and tissues of the body, including a part of the brain called the hypothalamus. The hypothalamus controls hunger and thirst as well as other functions such as sleep, mood, and body temperature. It also regulates the release of many hormones that have functions throughout the body. 
  
 Mutations in this gene have been associated with an autosomal recessive disorder causing obesity and pituitary dysfunction. Leptin receptor deficiency caused by the LEPR gene mutations leads to a disorder, which is associated with excessive hunger, massive weight gain, and reduced production of hormones that direct sexual development (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism). Mutations result in less receptor protein getting to the cell surface where leptin binding takes place. The receptors that get to the cell surface may bind to leptin, but their signalling function is impaired. The resulting shortage of leptin signalling disrupts normal feelings of hunger and satiety. 
  
 In a collective statement the Team of Doctors, treating Ms. Eman Ahmed at Saifee Hospital lead by Dr. Muffazal Lakdawala, said “ There is a hormone called leptin which comes from fat tissue and tells the brain when fat stores are being depleted. In this unfortunate person, the docking station in the brain that leptin plugs into seems to be very defective so leptin doesn’t send its signal. Because of this. from early life., this patient’s brain has perceived that she is constantly starving. That has led her to constantly seek food, store it avidly in her body as fat and conserve energy. Unfortunately, there is currently no specific treatment for this condition. The operation that she has had may have some beneficial effects but does not deal with the underlying problem. New drugs are being developed which may be able, at least partially, to "bypass” the signalling block in the brain may have some promise in this situation but it is very early days for these drugs. So if she has access to these drugs and they are effective then we have a solution for her obesity. If not, then she may need a more radical surgery which causes malabsorption a little later in life.” 
  
  
  
  
  
 The Doctors consulted for these studies were: 
  
 Dr. David Cummings, M.D. 
  
 Professor of Medicine 
  
 Senior Investigator, Diabetes & Obesity Centre of Excellence University of Washington . 
  
 Professor Sir Stephen O'Rahilly 
  
 MD FRS FMedSci Professor of Clinical Biochemistry and Medicine and Director, Metabolic Research Laboratories, University of Cambridge Director, 
  
 MRC Metabolic Diseases Unit Scientific Director, Cambridge NIHR Biomedical Research Centre Hon. Consultant Physician, Addenbrooke’s Hospital 
  
 Professor Sadaf Farooqi 
  
 PhD, FRCP, FMedSci Wellcome Trust Senior Clinical Fellow and Professor of Metabolism and Medicine Director, 
  
 Wellcome-MRC IMS Translational Research Facility 
  
 Dr. Shehla Shaikh 
  
 Consultant Endocrinologist 
  
 Saifee Hospital 
  
 Mumbai 
  
 Dr. Muffazal Lakdawala & Team ||||| Twelve out of the 13 doctors treating Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty have withdrawn themselves from her daily treatment as a symbolic resignation after her sister’s allegations that Ms. Ahmed has not lost much weight and her condition has been critical for long. 
  
 Ms. Eman Ahmed is considered to be the heaviest living woman in the world. 
  
 The doctors submitted their letters to the Saifee Hospital authorities on Tuesday, stating that Shaaima Selim’s backlash is the worst kind of assault that a patient’s family can do to a doctor. 
  
 “We will not see her on a daily basis and only go when the patient needs us. Whatever has happened is extremely disappointing,” said bariatric surgeon Dr. Aparna Govil Bhasker, who is one of the doctors in Dr. Mufazzal Lakdawala’s team. “The allegations have stemmed out of the fact that Ms. Selim doesn’t want to take her sister home.” To Ms. Selim’s allegations that doctors are not taking proper care, Dr. Bhasker said she even came on holidays to attend to Ms. Eman Ahmed. 
  
 “It is very hurtful when she claims that the doctors have not been seeing her.” 
  
 On Tuesday morning, Ms. Eman Ahmed was finally put into a CT scan machine. Doctors claimed that she weighed 171 kg and therefore could get into the machine that has a capacity of 204 kg. The scan report revealed that she did not have fresh brain ailment. 
  
 “The scan suggested an old vascular insult in the left middle cerebral territory of her brain. There is no appreciable area of fresh infarct or intracranial haemorrhage,” said Dr. Rajiv Mehta, chief consultant and head of imaging sciences at Saifee Hospital, in a statement. 
  
 ‘My sister will die’ 
  
 Ms. Selim claimed that her sister is not in a condition to leave Mumbai. “The doctors want to send her back. But her condition is not good at all. The claims of her weight loss are false and just for the media,” she said, adding that Dr. Lakdawala had said that Ms. Eman Ahmed may lose 50 kg in a year after the surgery. 
  
 “Now suddenly, he claims that she had lost 300 kg. It is not possible. My sister will die.” 
  
 The hospital authorities, however, felt that her backlash began after Ms. Eman Ahmed was shifted to the main hospital building’s seventh floor from the specially-constructed ward. 
  
 Ms. Selim also had a fully-equipped room next to her sister’s. Doctors said shifting her was possible only because she can now fit in a regular bed and also that she could be closer to physiotherapy and occupational therapy rooms. 
  
 On Tuesday, Egyptian consul general Ahmed Khalil had a meeting with the doctors and Ms. Selim, but could not pacify her. ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. |||||

Summary: