(CNN) The family of a Mexican national fatally shot by police in Pasco, Washington, has filed a $25 million claim against the city alleging that three officers killed the unarmed man "execution style." 
  
 Antonio Zambrano-Montes, 35, was shot by police Tuesday after he allegedly hurled rocks at vehicles and Pasco officers. 
  
 The city and the police department weren't commenting on the claim, Pasco City Manager Dave Zabell said Saturday. 
  
 The case is attracting attention because a video posted on YouTube shows Zambrano running across a street with police in pursuit before he was fatally shot. The shooting has sparked local protests and anger at what some say is another example of police brutality and excessive force against an unarmed man who is a minority. 
  
 Zambrano-Montes' widow, Teresa De Jesus Meraz Ruiz, 32, and the couple's two minor daughters accused three Pasco officers in "the murder" of Zambrano-Montes, according to the claim filed Friday. 
  
 Antonio Zambrano-Montes 
  
 One officer, Ryan Flanagan, "has a prior history of official misconduct in civil rights matters," the claim alleges. The other two officers are Adam Wright and Adrian Alaniz, the claim said. 
  
 Flanagan is a nine-year veteran; Wright, a firearms instructor with eight years' experience; and Alaniz, an officer with two years on the job, officials said. 
  
 Mexican diplomat concerned 
  
 Meanwhile, the Mexican consul in Seattle, Eduardo Baca, wrote a letter Thursday to Police Chief Robert Metzger expressing "deep concern over the unwarranted use of lethal force against an unarmed Mexican national by police officers." 
  
 JUST WATCHED Police shooting sparks outrage Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Police shooting sparks outrage 01:53 
  
 Baca asked for a thorough investigation "in accordance with the Vienna Convention on Consular Affairs provision, to which both Mexico and the United States are parties." 
  
 On Friday, Metzger wrote a letter to Baca stating that the Pasco department and other law agencies are investigating "the circumstances surrounding the incident." 
  
 When a Tri-City Special Investigations Unit completes its inquiry, the report will be forwarded to the Franklin County Prosecutor's Office, Metzger wrote. 
  
 Police have alleged that Zambrano-Montes was throwing rocks at cars and trucks when he was confronted by officers. Officers attempted "voice commands and low level force," and used a Taser, police said, but those efforts were unsuccessful. 
  
 After two officers were struck with rocks -- at least one of them as large as a softball -- police said the officers resorted to deadly force. 
  
 Didn't understand English 
  
 Zambrano-Montes's family have told reporters he wouldn't have been able to understand the commands. 
  
 "He didn't understand English and they were talking to him in English," one cousin said. "Why not get a Hispanic officer?" 
  
 The incident began, according to the claim, on Tuesday about 5 p.m. when Zambrano-Montes was suspected of throwing rocks. 
  
 A very brief encounter occurred between Zambrano-Montes and police, "during which the officers may have tried to taser" him, the claim said. 
  
 Zambrano-Montes separated from the officer and walked away from them in the crosswalk, the claim said. 
  
 "He had his back to the officers," the claim said. "At this point, the officers started shooting at Mr. Zambrano-Montes. 
  
 "After Mr. Zambrano-Montes reached the other side of the street and got on the sidewalk, he continued to walk away from the officers with his hands out where they could be seen, again showing that he had no knife, no gun or nothing else in his hands that would cause a threat to the three officers who were then lined up on the sidewalk behind ... Antonio Zambrano-Montes," the claim alleges. 
  
 "As Mr. Zambrano-Montes turned toward the officers, all three officers fired multiple rounds, killing Antonio Zambrano-Montes on the sidewalk in front of numerous businesses," the claim alleges. 
  
 "At the time that he was shot and killed, execution style, by the three officers named herein, in broad daylight, and with no knife or firearm in his hands, and for the conduct of throwing rocks at an earlier time, Mr. Zambrano-Montes posed no danger to the three officers, such that they were justified in the use of deadly force..." the claim said. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Mayor: Antonio Martin is not Michael Brown Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mayor: Antonio Martin is not Michael Brown 04:06 
  
 The claim accuses the police of assault, battery, intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress, wrongful death and civil rights violations. 
  
 Police-involved shootings 
  
 The claim said the incident was the third fatal shooting by a Pasco officer "in a very short period of time," and accused the city of "retaining officers who had a proven history of violation of civil rights against the Latino/Hispanic community" and "allowing and fostering overt racial (animus) towards the Hispanic/Latino community within the Pasco Police Department." 
  
 Zambrano-Montes's shooting death was the fourth fatal officer-involved shooting in Pasco in the past seven months, said city spokesman Jon Funfar. One of those shootings, however, involved a deputy from Benton County, although Pasco is in Franklin County, Funfar said. According to the Tri-City Herald, officers were cleared in the other three shootings. 
  
 The coroner said his office would conduct a separate inquest in the Zambrano-Montes case with six community members, once the law enforcement investigation is complete. 
  
 The family's attorney, George Trejo, said supporters were scheduled to march Saturday from a park to City Hall and the police department. 
  
 On Wednesday, about 100 protesters marched outside Pasco City Hall, with some chanting "It was only a rock," CNN affiliate KEPR reported. 
  
 The shooting comes in a period of strained police-community relations following the police-involved deaths last summer of Eric Garner , 43, on Staten Island in New York and Michael Brown , 18, in Ferguson, Missouri. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Shooting of Tamir Rice ruled a homicide Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Shooting of Tamir Rice ruled a homicide 02:27 
  
 The medical examiner ruled Garner's July 17 death a homicide due to compression of his neck and chest when he was taken down by an officer using a chokehold. His death sparked street protests, a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation. A grand jury declined to prosecute Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the case. 
  
 A few weeks later, Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson shot Brown after an altercation in the street. 
  
 The death of Brown, who was unarmed, thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement's use of deadly force. A grand jury declined to prosecute Wilson, a decision that led to national demonstrations. ||||| Photo Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 PASCO, Wash. — A protest held here Saturday over the police killing of a Mexican-born apple picker had the air of a mournful family picnic. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 About 500 people gathered at a park to protest the death of Antonio Zambrano-Montes, 35, who was killed Tuesday after three officers chased him through a busy intersection with their guns drawn. As he turned to face them, raising his arms, he was felled by their bullets. 
  
 According to police reports, Mr. Zambrano-Montes had been throwing rocks at cars and officers. 
  
 His death was caught on video by a bystander and the footage has been widely disseminated on social media, fueling anger among the mainly Hispanic population of this quiet agricultural hub in southern Washington State, and drawing comparisons to the shooting of an unarmed black teenager, Michael Brown, in Ferguson, Mo. 
  
 “What happened could have happened to any family, to my family,” said Maria de los Angeles Perez, 42, who had come from nearby Kennewick to show her support. She began to cry softly as she signaled to her two sons, Santiago and Samuel. 
  
 Mr. Zambrano-Montes’s family has settled in the region — many came here more than a decade ago to gather apples and asparagus in local fields. Dozens of cousins, aunts and neighbors attended the event. “We cannot count on a just government,” said one cousin, Rosa Cisneros-Zambrano, 50, in an interview before the protest. “Only on a just God.” 
  
 Supporters held signs in English and Spanish, urging officers to “use your training not your guns” and calling for “protection, not intimidation.” One man, taking the microphone, yelled into the crowd “We are all Antonio.” 
  
 But the protest held less vitriol than those that roiled Ferguson in the days after Mr. Brown’s death. Leaders here called for peace and demanded that protesters remove masks. The event was capped by a performance from a man named Fermin Cruz, 42, who strummed a guitar and sang a song called “El Inmigrante,” about a man who wished he were a tree, so he would never have had to leave his homeland. As he sang, many women held each other. 
  
 Also at the protest was a group of four people who had come to show support for the Pasco police and set up folding chairs at the edge of the gathering. 
  
 The group included Kenneth Taylor, 60, a retired police officer whose partner was killed during a traffic stop. “Social media has the tendency to incite people,” he said, adding that people should wait until a full investigation had been conducted before drawing conclusions about whether the shooting was lawful. 
  
 “What’s upset me is the immediate conviction.” 
  
 Police departments in the area have been involved in four other fatal shootings in the last seven months, and this one has drawn national attention to police practices in the Tri-Cities area, a group of municipalities with a population of about 250,000. 
  
 The Pasco Police Department, in conjunction with neighboring departments, will conduct an investigation to determine whether charges should be brought against the officers. They have been placed on leave, pending the outcome. 
  
 The coroner of Franklin County has said that he will order an inquest into the killing, a rare move that will allow a jury of six to determine whether the killing was justified. 
  
 City officials chose not to participate in the demonstration — they did, however, listen to the protesters. 
  
 Mid-protest, Dave Zabell, the city manager, was standing at the border of the gathering, dressed in khaki colors. He could hear voices booming over the microphone — and he commended residents for their measured response to the killing. “They’re trusting the process,” he said. ||||| But here in Pasco, a city of 68,000 that is 56 percent Hispanic, the public killing has pierced the immigrant enclave, spurring protests that have attracted hundreds and highlighting a division between the city’s increasingly Latino populace and its power structure — the police, the city government — which remains largely white. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 While many Hispanics have found work and stable, if not particularly affluent, lives here, the killing has drawn attention to their lack of clout. And, as with blacks in Ferguson, it has intensified feelings among Hispanics that they remain second-tier residents, despite their deep roots here, defined by the many Latino shops that now dominate the main thoroughfare, Lewis Street. 
  
 “They had him like a deer, hunting him,” said Maria Paniagua, 41, a resident with six children. “What happens when one of my kids gets in a jam and runs. Will they shoot him down?” 
  
 Photo 
  
 Though Latino workers have been here since at least the 1960s, attracted by jobs gathering fruit and asparagus in the region’s vast fields, few have moved into law enforcement or city government. Of the city’s 68 officers, 14 are Hispanic. A dozen officers speak Spanish fluently, and some residents cite language barriers that complicate interactions with the police. The City Council has one Latino member. The five-member school board, which oversees a system that is 70 percent Latino, typically has one or two Latino members, but this year has none. 
  
 “People are finally getting their feelings out through this whole Antonio issue,” said Alicia Coria, 18, a former neighbor of Mr. Zambrano-Montes’s who moderated a recent protest, guiding a sea of Latino residents through local streets, signs and fists held high. “The Hispanic community is finally trying to have the power.” 
  
 All three officers involved in last week’s shooting have been placed on paid leave. One of them, Adrian Alaniz, a Pasco native, is Hispanic. 
  
 The shooting has caused soul-searching among some city officials, who, even as they urge the residents to wait for the results of an investigation, say the protests have uncovered anger bubbling below the surface. 
  
 “This was about more than just Antonio,” said City Manager Dave Zabell, who took over the job last August. “It’s part of a community emerging,” he continued, “and frankly, it’s welcomed.” 
  
 Mr. Zambrano-Montes was raised in Michoacán, Mexico. He came to the United States about a decade ago to work in the orchards, said family members, who described him as both caring — guiding newly arrived relatives — and troubled. His wife obtained a protection order against him several years ago, they said, alleging that he had abused her. She, along with their two daughters, eventually moved to California. Mr. Zambrano-Montes was in the country illegally and did not speak English. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 He was arrested for assaulting a police officer in January 2014. The police said he had thrown objects at officers and tried to grab an officer’s pistol. He pleaded guilty in June. 
  
 In recent months he was out of work and appeared increasingly depressed and disoriented, his aunts and cousins said, after falling from a ladder in an apple orchard and breaking both his wrists. Then, in January, he was trapped in a house fire where he was renting a room, which burned his belongings. 
  
 Video 
  
 “What I know is that he was alone, that his wife had left him, that he couldn’t see his daughters,” said his cousin Pedro Farias, 32. “I don’t know what his reasons were” for throwing rocks at the police, “but I know all of this affected him.” 
  
 There are some Hispanics who hold prominent positions in Pasco. Saul Martinez is a council member. Eight of 20 Pasco schools are headed by Latino principals. 
  
 And the Police Department said that it had worked to recruit Hispanic officers in recent years, recognizing the need to reach the group. An Explorer program is one of several recruitment efforts. Intended to train residents ages 14 to 21 in police practices, it has 15 enrollees, all but two or three of whom are Hispanic, said Capt. Ken Roske. 
  
 Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. 
  
 Still, despite deep roots here, Hispanics have struggled to break into the city’s highest echelons. Community leaders cite several reasons, including apathy, lack of English skills and education, and the fact that many Latinos are not citizens and cannot vote. 
  
 “There are so many barriers, not only linguistic but psychological, that act like an obstacle,” said Gabriel Portugal, 61, a former vice principal who came to Pasco from Mexico in the 1970s. He is now part of a community group called Consejo Latino, which lobbies the municipality for changes that will help immigrants and their children. 
  
 The video has been a near constant presence here in recent days, played repeatedly on television news in crowded taco shops and bakeries, each time drawing the gaze of those perched over plates of pupusas or pan dulce. Reyes Juarez, 54, said that she had slept little since viewing it, imagining her own son gunned down each time she shuts her eyes. 
  
 “It’s like having the badge gives you the right to take the life of a Mexican,” she said. 
  
 The killing of Mr. Zambrano-Montes has also drawn attention to past accusations of police misconduct. One officer involved in the shooting, Ryan Flanagan, was a defendant in a 2012 lawsuit in which he was accused of using excessive force in 2009 against Maria Davila-Marquez, then 30. 
  
 According to the lawsuit, Ms. Davila-Marquez was walking to pick up her children from child care after work when Officer Flanagan stopped her, somehow confusing her with a teenage suspect. When she requested an interpreter, he refused, said her lawyer, Vito de la Cruz. Another officer arrived, he said, and Ms. Davila-Marquez’s hands were twisted behind her back and her face was shoved onto the hood of the hot car, causing burns. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 The police chief exonerated both officers, saying their conduct was appropriate, Mr. De la Cruz said. The city settled the suit for $100,000. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?