Here is a news article: Monday night's board of selectmen meeting in this pastoral Connecticut River town featured a discussion on the closing of an elementary school, the awarding of a lawn care bid and a deeply polarizing debate over the meaning of the First Amendment. 
  
 The conflict was set off at a board meeting earlier this month when Democratic Selectwoman Melissa J. Schlag knelt during the Pledge of Allegiance to protest President Donald Trump's defense of Russian leader Vladimir Putin, his hardline on undocumented immigrants and other policies put forth by the Republican president. 
  
 Her stance, which echoes the public dissents of NFL players, drew harsh condemnation from critics, including several Republican gubernatorial candidates, and a spirited defense from supporters. 
  
 On Monday, the first board meeting after the controversy, both sides came to the Haddam Volunteer Firehouse as the minutia of small town government gave way to an impassioned display reflecting the cultural and political fault lines of the Trump era. 
  
 "This is political speech,'' Paul White, a 49-year-old local attorney, said over jeers from some in the audience. 'Whether I agree or not it doesn't matter. She has the right … to convey a political message." 
  
 But Calvin Bunnel, 71, came from Meriden to express his anger at Schlag's silent protest. "You don't turn your back on the flag,'' he said. He wore a T-shirt emblazoned with the message, "If you don't like this flag, I'll help you pack your bags." 
  
 I did not go to Vietnam … to pick and choose who gets to be better Americans. — Bob Wallin, Haddam 
  
 Bunnel served in Vietnam and, like many other veterans in the audience, views kneeling during the pledge as a sign of profound disrespect to those who served in the military. 
  
 "I wholeheartedly respect your right to protest, to take a knee,'' said Pablo Arroyo, a 58-year-old town resident who served in the Marine Corps. "But if that's what you would like to do, do it on your own time. I am not here to disrespect you as you've done to my flag, my country." 
  
 Arroyo recalled 18 Marines in his platoon who were killed in a suicide bombing in Beruit. Looking directly at Schlag, he said: "What you did was urinate on all their graves." 
  
 But not all of the veterans in the audience took the same view. Bob Wallin, a 71-year-old town resident and a combat veteran who served in Vietnam, delivered a poignant defense of Schlag's constitutional right to peacefully protest. 
  
 Editorial: Politely Kneeling Is As Respectful As Protest Gets, Haddam Selectwoman Owed An Apology » 
  
 "I took an oath to defend the Constitution,'' Wallin said. "The Constitution starts with the First Amendment. She has that right. I'm not agreeing with her and I think the reason she does it is stupid. I don't care." 
  
 Wallin said he was exposed to Agent Orange and is suffering the effects of that exposure. As he offered up his brief comments, he grew too weak to stand and was given a chair and a bottle of water. 
  
 "I did not go to Vietnam … to pick and choose who gets to be better Americans,'' Wallin declared. Speaking to the politicians who have denounced Schlag, he said "Screw you. None of you earned that right … you people make me mad." 
  
 Instead of expressing outrage at Schlag on social media, Wallin implored the crowd to turn its anger toward helping veterans. "You want to be upset right on Facebook? Well, two veterans a day commit suicide,'' he said. 
  
 Before the meeting started, Schlag's critics, led by Republican gubernatorial candidate Tim Herbst and Republican candidate for state treasurer Art Linares, held a rally on the town green. As Lee Greenwood's conservative anthem, "God Bless the U.S.A.,'' blared from speakers, a crowd of about 75 — including a few in “Make America Great Again” hats and Trump T-shirts — came together to stand for the flag. 
  
 "It's completely disrespectful,'' said Linares, a state senator whose district includes Haddam. 
  
 Linares invoke his grandfather, who was jailed for standing up to Fidel Castro before fleeing Communist Cuba. "This flag, our flag, represents the freedoms that make this country so great,'' he said, "and he would have been so disappointed and sad to see what happened at that selectmen's meeting." 
  
 About a quarter of a mile away, on the long road leading to the firehouse, another crowd of about 75 gathered to stand in solidarity with Schlag. Several people donned black and put tape over their mouths to symbolize what they said were attempts to silence the selectwoman. A few wore T-shirts identifying themselves as members of the Trump resistance; others were dressed in Hillary Clinton campaign swag. 
  
 "Seeing one of our selectmen being attacked for exercising her rights, and seeing Republicans campaign off it to rile up their base, I thought it was important to be here,'' said Aubrey Bingham, 35, of Haddam. 
  
 Schlag isn’t the only Connecticut River Valley elected official to take a knee during the Pledge of Allegiance. 
  
 For the past year and a half, two members of the Region 17 school board — Democrat Eric Couture of Killingworth and Republican Maura Wallin of Haddam — have silently taken a knee while the pledge was recited. 
  
 But for some reason, Schlag's protest set off a storm of controversy. Monday's meeting drew more than 150 people to the firehouse on a steamy July night. At the start, Schlag once again knelt as the other board members recited the pledge with hands over their hearts. 
  
 "Did you kneel during the Obama administration?'' someone in the audience yelled at one point. 
  
 At the end of the hourlong public comment period, Schlag addressed the audience and made a plea for civility. 
  
 "I have a right to free speech,'' she said. "You have a right to dislike me. But please don't put words in my brain or thoughts in my brain. I mean no disrespect to any veteran." 
  
 As she spoke, some in the audience knelt in support while others turned their heads or their backs to her. Others walked out. 
  
 “I appreciate everyone coming out because this is truly town government at its best,'' Schlag said. "We need to continue the conversation or hate will continue to fester. We need to rip the bandage off. We can't wrap our sins in a flag and expect it to be OK." 
  
 CAPTION Megan Ahern, business analyst for Nutmeg State Financial Credit Union, demonstrates the computerized check-in kiosk for driver’s license renewals to be performed in the credit union’s new Milford branch office, starting Thursday, under a contract with the state Department of Motor Vehicles. Megan Ahern, business analyst for Nutmeg State Financial Credit Union, demonstrates the computerized check-in kiosk for driver’s license renewals to be performed in the credit union’s new Milford branch office, starting Thursday, under a contract with the state Department of Motor Vehicles. CAPTION Megan Ahern, business analyst for Nutmeg State Financial Credit Union, demonstrates the computerized check-in kiosk for driver’s license renewals to be performed in the credit union’s new Milford branch office, starting Thursday, under a contract with the state Department of Motor Vehicles. Megan Ahern, business analyst for Nutmeg State Financial Credit Union, demonstrates the computerized check-in kiosk for driver’s license renewals to be performed in the credit union’s new Milford branch office, starting Thursday, under a contract with the state Department of Motor Vehicles. CAPTION U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson toured the home of Maggie and Vincent Perracchio in Willington on Monday with U.S. Senator Chris Murphy, U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal, U.S. Representative Joe Courtney and Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman to see first hand the crumbling condition of the home's foundation. U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson toured the home of Maggie and Vincent Perracchio in Willington on Monday with U.S. Senator Chris Murphy, U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal, U.S. Representative Joe Courtney and Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman to see first hand the crumbling condition of the home's foundation. CAPTION Rev. Ashley "AJ" Johnson reflects on meeting witih HUD Secretary Ben Carson and Clay Arsenal Apartments residents. Rev. Ashley "AJ" Johnson reflects on meeting witih HUD Secretary Ben Carson and Clay Arsenal Apartments residents. CAPTION Six inmates at the Willard-Cybulski Correctional Institution earned a certificate degree in Advanced Manufacturing Machine Technology from Asnuntuck Community College on Monday morning at the Cybulski Community Reintegration Center in Somers. Six inmates at the Willard-Cybulski Correctional Institution earned a certificate degree in Advanced Manufacturing Machine Technology from Asnuntuck Community College on Monday morning at the Cybulski Community Reintegration Center in Somers. CAPTION Tenants of Clay Arsenal Renaissance Apartments read letters from HUD that were found taped to their doors, the answer to their eleven months of activism Tenants of Clay Arsenal Renaissance Apartments read letters from HUD that were found taped to their doors, the answer to their eleven months of activism 
  
 Subscribe and listen to the Capitol Watch Podcast ||||| HADDAM, Conn. (AP) — A town official opposed to President Donald Trump's policies took a knee during the Pledge of Allegiance at a tense meeting packed with more than 100 people, dividing community residents and furthering an intense debate over protests and the First Amendment. 
  
 Haddam Selectwoman Melissa Schlag faced jeers while she kneeled during the pledge on Monday and asked residents and politicians to not add words to her "silent protest." 
  
 "I appreciate everyone coming out because this is truly town government at its best," Schlag, a Democrat, said after the demonstration. "We need to continue the conversation or hate will continue to fester." 
  
 Haddam resident Marine Pablo Arroyo told Schlag she should protest on her own time. 
  
 "I am not here to disrespect you as you've done to my flag, my country," Arroyo said. 
  
 Vietnam veteran and town resident Bob Wallin, who supported Schlag's right to protest, said no one has a right to tell her how and when to exercise free speech. 
  
 Before the meeting, about 100 people organized by Republican governor's race candidate Tim Herbst and state Sen. Art Linares rallied in the town, which has about 8,000 residents, to call Schlag's protest disrespectful. A crowd of about 75 rallied in a different part of town in support of Schlag's protest. 
  
 Schlag said she began kneeling during the pledge earlier this month to protest Trump's summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin, his hard-line stance on immigration and other policies. Trump, a Republican, has said his immigration policies and his plan to build a wall along the Mexican border are meant to keep the United States safe. 
  
 Schlag said she has no plans to seek higher office. She said she has received harassment and threats over her protest and calls for her resignation. ||||| Alyssa Hurlbut / CTMirror.org 
  
 The quaint town of Haddam was transformed Monday evening into the front line of a political battle over free speech as protesters packed a routine Board of Selectmen meeting to register their opinions about the selectwoman who garnered national attention by kneeling during the Pledge of Allegiance. 
  
 Since quietly protesting the Trump administration during the July 16 Board of Selectman’s meeting by taking a knee during the pledge, Melissa Schlag has awakened an outcry from both residents and Republican candidates running for statewide offices. 
  
 In the garage of the town’s volunteer fire station Monday night, where Schlag joined her fellow selectmen and an audience of about 100 residents, the politician knelt once again during the reciting of the Pledge of Allegiance while people in the audience stared her down or yelled the words to the oath in defiance. 
  
 One veteran denounced Schlag’s actions, awakening a standing ovation from the rowdy audience spilling out the doors of the room. 
  
 “One day… I lost 18 of [my platoon] in a suicide bombing. What you did was urinate all over their graves,” Pablo Arroy yelled at Schlag, who sat quietly at the selectmens’ table facing the crowd. 
  
 Not all veterans were critical of Schlag, however. A Vietnam War veteran nearly lost his breath, necessitating a chair and water, after delivering a passionate “screw you”-ridden speech to those criticizing Schlag. He was met by a ripple of “boo’s” and “get off the stage.” 
  
 The veterans were just two of the many citizens who dedicated their Monday evening to either denounce the selectwoman and her silent protest or defend her right to kneel. 
  
 Moments before the meeting, a cluster of citizens decked out in black attire lined the doors of the fire station. Armed with signs advocating the First Amendment, the group remained planted on the grass, many wearing black tape over their mouths, for nearly two hours. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Alyssa Hurlbut / CTMirror.org 
  
 A few minutes down the road at the town green, a more colorful army led by state Sen. Art Linares, R-Westbrook, and Republican gubernatorial candidate Tim Herbst joined in singing — indeed, bellowing — the words to God Bless America over two loud speakers blasting patriotic songs. 
  
 “I knew that when the selectman took a knee, it didn’t reflect the views of the people in this town,” Linares said. “I don’t want to see others take a knee during the Pledge of Allegiance, and this was our way of putting a stop to it.” 
  
 Schlag waited until the end of the public comment portion of the meeting to make a statement. 
  
 “We can’t wrap our sins in a flag and expect it to be okay,” she said, as people in the crowd turned their backs as she spoke. 
  
 The clashing demonstrations were just two of the events organized in response to Schlag’s actions. Following a week and a half of backlash, a group of Haddam residents coordinated a pro-flag rally last Friday, lining the streets of the town with more than 1,000 American flags. 
  
 Schlag, a Democrat, said she kneeled to protest President Donald Trump’s recent meeting with Russian leader Vladimir Putin and the Trump administration’s immigration policies. 
  
 Her small protest before no more than two dozen residents lasted a total of about 10 seconds, but it has been echoing in state politics ever since. 
  
 “What has happened is completely disrespectful,” said Linares, who is facing an Aug. 14 primary for the GOP nomination for state treasurer. Linares was the first state politician to denounce Schlag. 
  
 Linares issued a July 23 press release, calling on Schlag to “immediately apologize to Haddam residents who are offended by her lack of respect.” He followed up later that same day with a Twitter video, this time escalating his criticism to a full fledged call to action, urging Schlag to step down as selectwoman. 
  
 But the fall-out didn’t end there. 
  
 By July 25, Herbst, who is in a 5-way primary for the GOP nomination, was denouncing Schlag and calling for her resignation from a much more visible perch — the set of FOX & Friends, a daily morning conservative news/talk program on Fox News Channel. 
  
 “She needs to resign immediately. One of the things our flag stand for, it stands for our freedom. It stands for our democracy. It stands for the fundamental ideal that we can have differences of opinion. But we all stand in respect of our flag. Many people, including my 93-year-old grandfather, was a veteran, fought in defense of the very liberties that flag resembles,” Herbst said during the show. 
  
 After hearing of one another’s intersecting efforts, Herbst and Linares joined forces to organize a protest denouncing Schlag outside the town hall building Monday. 
  
 “As the Senator from this district, I wanted to put an end to it,” Linares said. “ I don’t want others in this town and in my district think it’s okay to take a knee.” 
  
 Both the demonstrations persisted for about two hours, until Schlag entered the Fire House for the first board meeting since the July 16 event. She was joined by First Selectman Liz Milardo and Second Selectman Larry Maggi, both of whom publicly denounced her protest. 
  
 In the wake of her kneeling, Schlag said she had received an outpouring of responses that range from support to threats. She called the statements of the Republican politicians “disgusting.” 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 “Any candidate that tells a citizen of the U.S. that they don’t have a voice should resign and doesn’t belong in our government,” she said. “Through their political motivation, they are trying to silence the people by taking away our First Amendment rights for political gain.” 
  
 She added that her protest was not an act of disrespect for the flag but rather “a silent cry for our country to be better.” 
  
 “The intention of my silent protest was the bring the injustices of our country to the forefront,” she said. “The loud wave of ugly attacks on our basic rights set forth under the constitution shows just how much we have to lose.” 
  
 As long as Donald Trump is president of the United States, Schlag says she will continue to kneel. 
  
 On Monday evening, she did just that, this time before a much more adrenalized audience. |||||
A summary of this is?