Write a summary based on this article:

When Lynne Schultz first heard that her oldest child, Scout, had been shot and killed by a Georgia Tech police officer late Saturday night, she assumed it occurred at a protest rally. 
  
 Scout, she says, was politically active in progressive causes. Scout, a brilliant student despite numerous medical issues, suffered from depression and had attempted suicide two years ago, Lynne Schultz said. 
  
 According to Georgia Tech police, Scout was seen walking toward police and ignored numerous orders to drop what appeared to be a pocket knife. Photos of the knife taken at the scene reveal the blade was not extended. 
  
 Related: Georgia Tech student dies after shooting on campus 
  
 Photos: Scene at fatal shooting of Georgia Tech student 
  
 Video of the incident showed Scout, 21, shouting “Shoot me!” to the four officers on the scene. A minute later, one of them did. 
  
 “Why didn’t they use some nonlethal force, like pepper spray or Tasers?” Lynne Schultz told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution on Sunday. 
  
 That’s among the questions the GBI will be asking as the state agency investigates the shooting. 
  
 A Georgia Tech student was shot by police in an incident on the campus late Saturday night. (Photos by Dalton Touchberry / www.daltontouch.com) 
  
 Police said the shooting was prompted when Scout Schultz failed to comply with their repeated commands to drop the knife. 
  
 Chris Stewart, the attorney for the student’s parents, said it appears the officer who shot Scout overreacted. 
  
 “I think (Scout) was having a mental breakdown and didn’t know what to do,” said Stewart, who wondered why nonlethal force wasn’t used. “The area was secured. There was no one around at risk.” 
  
 Scout Schultz was shot in the heart and was pronounced dead 30 minutes later at Grady Memorial Hospital, Lynne Schultz said. 
  
 Two years ago, Scout attempted suicide by hanging, the student’s mother said. 
  
 Stewart said he doesn’t believe Scout was attempting “suicide by cop.” 
  
 RELATED: How Atlanta police handle calls involving mentally ill 
  
 Scout was majoring in computer engineering and was already taking courses for a master’s degree in biomedical engineering, with plans to design biomedical devices for a living. 
  
 Scout identified as non-binary, meaning neither male nor female, Lynne Schultz said. The accepted pronoun for non-binary individuals is “they.” 
  
 Most of Scout’s stress was related to school, the student’s mother said. 
  
 “Scout was always a perfectionist,” Lynne Schultz said. “They always worried he was going to fail a test but got all A’s and only two B’s at Tech.” 
  
 “(Scout) had a lot of empathy for people, active in a lot of causes. And very smart. Scary smart, really.” 
  
 A more complete story will appear later today on myAJC.com. ||||| This collection contains content included in or referenced by the Georgia Institute of Technology's web presence. The materials in the collection document the teaching, research, cultures, and communities of Georgia Tech. ||||| by: Steve Gehlbach, Matt Johnson, Nefertiti Jaquez Updated: Sep 18, 2017 - 11:48 AM 
  
 ATLANTA - Update: Parents of Scout held a news conference Monday where they asked the Georgia Tech police why they had to kill their child. 
  
 ---------- 
  
 The Georgia Bureau of Investigation is handling the case of an officer-involved shooting that happened on the campus of Georgia Tech. 
  
 According to the GBI, the Georgia Tech Police Department responded to a 911 call about a person with a knife and gun in the area of Eighth Street on the campus at about 11 p.m. Saturday. 
  
 Officers arrived and found Scott Schultz, 21, armed with a knife outside a Georgia Tech dormitory. 
  
 Schultz was not cooperative and would not comply with officers' commands to drop the knife, the GBI said. They said Schultz approached the officers, despite continuous commands. Scout Shultz served as president of the Georgia Tech Pride Alliance GT Progressive Student Alliance 
  
 The GBI said that is when one of the officers shot Schultz. 
  
 Schultz was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital and later died, the GBI said. 
  
 Schultz's family is speaking about the incident at a law firm in Atlanta Monday. 
  
 We have a reporter and photographer at the news conference for live reports on Channel 2 Action News at Noon. 
  
 Georgia Tech released a statement Sunday morning, saying Schultz was a four-year computer engineering student from Lilburn. 
  
 Schultz was a leader in the LGBT pride community on campus was known as "Scout." The student-activist served as the president of the Pride Alliance on Georgia Tech's campus. Schultz's profile on the Pride Alliance website states "I'm bisexual, non-binary and intersex," adding "they" and "their" as the appropriate pronouns to address Schultz instead of "he" or "she." The profile also states Schultz enjoyed playing the role-playing game "Dungeons and Dragons" and is politically active. 
  
 In a statement from the Pride Alliance's board, Schultz is remembered as a driving force behind the group. 
  
 As you might have heard, last night we lost our President, Scout Schultz. We are all deeply saddened by what has occurred. They have been the driving force behind Pride Alliance for the past two years. They pushed us to do more events and a larger variety events, and we would not be the organization we are known as without their constant hard work and dedication. Their leadership allowed us to create change across campus and in the Atlanta community. Scout always reminded us to think critically about the intersection of identities and how a multitude of factors play into one's experience on Tech's campus and beyond. We love you Scout and we will continue to push for change. With love, 
  
 Pride Alliance 
  
 A vigil will be held to honor Schultz's life at 8 p.m. Monday at the Georgia Tech Campanile. 
  
 In an exclusive interview with our partners at the Atlanta-Journal Constitution, Scout's mother Lynne says her oldest child was active in progressive causes and was a brilliant student despite having medical problems. 
  
 She told the paper, "(Scout) suffered from depression and attempted suicide two years ago." 
  
 Channel 2 Action News was at the scene when the knife Schultz was suspected of holding was still on the ground. 
  
 It appeared to be a metal, flip-open, multitool knife that would likely include a small blade. 
  
 "I mean things happen off campus, but it's kind of shaking for it to happen right so close to home," one student said. 
  
 TRENDING STORIES: 
  
 Several of the students nearby did see the incident, and two who recorded it on their cellphones shared video of the incident with Channel 2 Action News. 
  
 One video shows the tense moments as Georgia Tech police officers confront what looks like a barefooted person holding something in their right hand. 
  
 The person yells at police to shoot. 
  
 "Shoot me!” they yell. 
  
 Police yell back: “Drop the knife! Drop the knife!" 
  
 Officers can be heard repeating the command more than a dozen times. 
  
 "Nobody wants to hurt you man. Drop the knife," an officer says. 
  
 Another angle from further away shows three officers in front and another off to Schultz's left, at the entrance to Curran parking deck. 
  
 It pans away to show another officer walking up from behind as you hear only one gunshot. 
  
 Channel 2 Action News has chosen, both on-air and online, to not to show the moment of the shooting. 
  
 The video does show Schultz walking forward, toward police slowly, with hands still at his side when one of the officers fired. 
  
 Students received an emergency alert from the university shortly after the shooting. 
  
 The school tweeted around 11:30 p.m. for everyone to seek shelter in a secure location. About 20 minutes later, the school sent another tweet saying there was no longer a threat to campus. 
  
 Schultz's family attorney confirmed to Channel 2's Nefertiti Jaquez he is currently conducting his own investigation into exactly what happened during the shooting. 
  
 The attorney is expected to address the media on Monday morning. 
  
 Georgia Tech confirms shooting on campus. No ongoing threat. pic.twitter.com/DgLFB2mCNY — Matt Johnson (@MJohnsonWSB) September 17, 2017 
  
 BREAKING: Witnesses report officer involved shooting on Georgia Tech campus. pic.twitter.com/fgS9N4bkAd — Matt Johnson (@MJohnsonWSB) September 17, 2017 
  
 APD & Georgia Tech Police on the scene on campus near Curran parking deck. Witnesses heard “drop the knife” before police shot a man. pic.twitter.com/k04z9lWyx3 — Matt Johnson (@MJohnsonWSB) September 17, 2017 
  
 © 2017 Cox Media Group. ||||| The call that led Georgia Tech campus police to respond to a man reportedly wielding a knife was made by the student who was later shot and killed by officers, police investigators said Monday night. 
  
 That student, Scout Schultz, left three suicide notes behind in a dormitory room, according to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. 
  
 The developments added further layers of complexity to the death of Schultz, a 21-year-old who led the university’s Pride Alliance and had a history of mental illness. 
  
 In the call to police Saturday night, Schultz described a suspicious person “as a white male, with long blond hair, white T-shirt & blue jeans who is possibly intoxicated, holding a knife and possibly armed with a gun on his hip,” according to a statement from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. 
  
 Investigators said a multipurpose tool that contained a knife was recovered from the scene. The statement did not say whether the knife was displayed but said no firearms were recovered. 
  
 An attorney for Schultz’s family said in a statement Monday night the knife remained in its holder and Scout’s arms were at the student’s side. 
  
 “It’s tragic that as Scout was battling mental health issues that pushed them to the edge of desperation, their life was taken with a bullet rather than saved with non-lethal force,” said the statement from L. Chris Stewart, the Schultz family attorney. 
  
 The parents of Schultz said their child, who identified as neither male nor female, had suffered from anxiety and depression, and had spent time in counseling after attempting suicide by hanging two years ago. 
  
 But Scout’s death stunned Lynne and Bill Schultz, who described Scout as “a very loving and caring and empathetic person.” 
  
 “I don’t think there was a single person that didn’t love them and cherish them for their involvement in the different causes,” Bill Schultz said. 
  
 On Monday night about 50 people marched to the campus police department following a memorial vigil, according to University spokesman Lance Wallace. Three people were arrested after protesters set one police vehicle on fire and injured two officers. 
  
 Schultz’s family urged protesters to act peacefully in a statement released through their attorney, according to the Associated Press. 
  
 “Answering violence with violence is not the answer. Our goal is to work diligently to make positive change at Georgia Tech in an effort to ensure a safer campus for all students.” 
  
 The shooting in Atlanta comes as police nationwide continue to face protest and media scrutiny over the use of deadly force. Police across the country shoot and kill an average of three people each day, a rate virtually unchanged in recent years despite calls from police leaders and the public for reform. 
  
 Mental illness remains a major factor in fatal police shootings, playing a role in at least one-fourth of all such shootings — at least 159 so far in 2017 — according to a Washington Post analysis. 
  
 Police reform groups have long emphasized the need for officers to undergo specialized crisis intervention training to learn best practices for interaction with people who are in the midst of a mental health crisis, but many police departments still do not require such training. 
  
 Since January 2015, police nationwide have shot and killed at least 392 people who were armed with knives, blades or other edged weapons — an average of about one such shooting every four days — according to the Washington Post’s database of fatal police shootings. 
  
 At least 102 of those cases, including the shooting of Schultz, occurred in 2017. 
  
 Fatal shootings of people armed with knives account for about 14 percent of the nearly 2,700 deadly police shootings tracked by The Post since the beginning of 2015. 
  
 Officers from Georgia Tech’s campus police force encountered Schultz, a computer engineering student, in a parking lot outside a dormitory, according to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. 
  
 Schultz wasn’t holding a gun in video captured from a window above the parking lot shortly before midnight, as the campus was placed on lockdown. 
  
 Stewart, the attorney, said Schultz was shot once and that the bullet pierced the heart. Stewart said only one officer fired and that none of the other officers who responded from the Georgia Tech police department had been issued Tasers. A spokesman for Georgia Tech told CNN that campus police do not carry stun guns. 
  
 “That’s baffling to me that on a college campus you’d rather give the officers the most deadly weapons and not equip them with less lethal weapons,” Stewart said, noting that Schultz’s family is hoping the death leads to reforms within the department, including better training. 
  
 Video shows officers repeatedly telling Schultz to drop the weapon as the student advances. 
  
 “Come on, man, let’s drop the knife,” an officer with his gun drawn says in the graphic video. But Schultz walks toward him. 
  
 “Shoot me!” 
  
 The officer keeps backing up, moving behind a parking barricade and imploring again: “Nobody wants to hurt you, man.” 
  
 At least four officers had surrounded Schultz, according to WSB-TV. In the video, one of the officers called out to the student, who turned away from the barricade and began to move toward the new voice. 
  
 “What are we doing here?” the officer asked. No reply. 
  
 “Do not move!” 
  
 [After Minneapolis police officer fatally shoots Australian woman, her relatives plead for answers] 
  
 “Drop it!” someone said finally, as Schultz takes three more steps toward an officer, followed by the report of a gunshot and many screams. Schultz died Sunday at an Atlanta hospital. 
  
 While the state’s investigative bureau referred to Schultz as a male — “Scott Schultz” — the student and the student’s family used the pronoun “them,” and on the Pride Alliance website Schultz used the description “bisexual, nonbinary and intersex.” 
  
 “When I’m not running Pride or doing classwork I mostly play D&D and try to be politically active,” Schultz wrote. 
  
 Bill Schultz said recently that Scout had expressed interest in the anti-fascist political movement and frustration with news coverage of police-involved shootings. 
  
 “I will say this, that recently Scout has been slightly involved with the anti-fascist community and had expressed a number of anti-fascist ideas to me,” he said. 
  
 “I tend to think that if there was a cause it might have been anger at the police over all the shootings and all the long litany of police shootings.” 
  
 In a statement, Pride Alliance called its late president the “driving force” behind the LGBT group for the past two years. 
  
 “They pushed us to do more events and a larger variety events, and we would not be the organization we are known as without their constant hard work and dedication,” the statement reads. 
  
 “We love you Scout and we will continue to push for change.” 
  
 Scout, a fourth-year student at Georgia Tech, was born in Rockville, Md., and spent time in Iowa, Missouri and Florida before moving to the Atlanta area six years ago. Bill Schultz, a retired computer engineer, said Scout came by an interest in engineering earnestly and was scheduled to graduate a semester early. 
  
 “Scout was definitely a chip off the old block,” he said. 
  
 Both parents remembered well the time that Scout came out to them. 
  
 “It wasn’t a shock because we’re welcoming and loving parents,” Bill Schultz said. “It shouldn’t have been hard for Scout to come out but I think there were some issues involved there which is why they did a session in therapy.” 
  
 Lynne Schultz said that any of Scout’s mental health issues appeared to have been resolved and that friends had told them that Scout seemed fine in recent weeks. 
  
 “We had no clue that there was an issue in the last four weeks,” she said. 
  
 Lynne Schultz said that they have received an outpouring of support from members of the community and that more than 30 friends showed up to the hospital in the middle of the night when Scout was shot. 
  
 “Scout had a lot more friends than I realized,” she said. 
  
 Bill Schultz said Scout was “all justice for everyone. Now, we have to seek justice for Scout.” 
  
 “We’re proud of them for standing up for what they believe in,” Lynne Schultz said. 
  
 Had a great time tabling for Pride at FASET today! Always fun to greet the incoming first-years and get a glance at the… Posted by Pride Alliance at Georgia Tech on Monday, July 17, 2017 
  
 Read more: 
  
 Police and protesters clash in St. Louis after former officer who shot black driver acquitted on murder charges 
  
 Justice Department ends program scrutinizing local police forces 
  
 Seven transgender women have been killed this year. Democrats want Jeff Sessions to investigate. |||||

Summary: