Summarize this article:

Neighborhood children show their support for crash victims. Ayana Harry has more. 
  
 Neighbors of the family devastated by Friday's plane crash near Tweed New Haven Airport say it will take time for their neighborhood to feel safe again. 
  
 "The feel around here is different. It's scary," said David Incerto, 36, on Monday morning. "It's just not the same." 
  
 Incerto lives with his wife, Nicole, and daughters at 71 Charter Oak Ave., near the site of the crash that killed two girls in a home at 64 Charter Oak, the pilot and his teenage son. 
  
 "I think this road for a while is going to have an eerie feeling," said Nicole Incerto. "For a while, it's not going to feel [safe] for everybody." 
  
 Most investigators and emergency workers by Sunday morning had left Charter Oak Avenue, where the twin-engine plane crashed into two houses Friday. 
  
 The police department said officers would be posted at the charred ruins of the two houses that were heavily damaged and they would remain there until the buildings are demolished on Tuesday. 
  
 Charter Oak Avenue was open to traffic and the damaged homes were blocked off with chain-link fencing Monday morning. 
  
 Sade Brantley, 13, and Madisyn Mitchell, 1, who were in a house at 64 Charter Oak Ave., died when the plane crashed upside down onto it while trying to land at Tweed New Haven Airport, officials said. Their mother, Joann Mitchell, 39, also was home at the time, but escaped. 
  
 The pilot, Bill Henningsgaard, 54, of Medina, Wash., and his son, Maxwell, 17, also died. They were on a trip to visit East Coast colleges, friends said. 
  
 East Haven police, citing the state medical examiner's office, said all four victims died of blunt force trauma. 
  
 Police said Monday that a tea set Maxwell Henningsgaard had purchased for his family was recovered substantially intact from a compartment in the wrecked aircraft. It will be returned to the Henningsgaard family, police said. 
  
 David Esposito said he was drawn to the crash site by a neighbor, who turned out to be Mitchell, screaming at someone down the street. 
  
 "I thought it was an automobile accident, something that occurred. I ran down there and that's when I saw the plane sticking out of the house," he said. 
  
 Mitchell screamed that her children were in the house upstairs and Esposito said he ran in to look for them. 
  
 "I went upstairs and, it's kind of funny, I saw a crib and that kind of bothered me. I took it apart, looking for somebody underneath the crib," he said. 
  
 He pulled out debris scattered all over the floor and searched the closets and under the bed. 
  
 "There was nobody there," he said. 
  
 A small fire inside the plane grew intense and Esposito said it occurred to him that there could be gas in the house. 
  
 "There was another gentlman behind me. I grabbed him and he grabbed the woman. The fire was pretty intense. It was time to get out," Esposito said. 
  
 Planes heading for Tweed's larger runway, the 5,600-foot long runway 02/20, fly over the home at 60 Charter Oak Ave. where George Maenza has lived for 57 years. ||||| Originally published August 9, 2013 at 9:56 PM | Page modified August 13, 2013 at 1:56 PM 
  
 Former Microsoft Vice President Bill Henningsgaard was killed along with his son in a plane crash in New Haven, Conn., while the two were visiting colleges on the East Coast. 
  
 Former Microsoft Vice President Bill Henningsgaard, of Medina, was killed Friday along with his son when the plane they were flying crashed into two houses in a neighborhood in East Haven, Conn. 
  
 Two children were believed killed on the ground, according to Connecticut authorities. 
  
 Henningsgaard’s death was first reported by The Daily Astorian newspaper in the coastal Oregon town where he grew up, followed by a notice posted by Social Venture Partners, a Seattle foundation he formerly served as chairman, on its website. Officials had not yet confirmed the names of the victims as of late Friday. 
  
 Henningsgaard’s brother, Astoria City Attorney Blair Henningsgaard, said he hadn’t received official confirmation, but told The Seattle Times he suspected his brother and nephew were aboard the plane. 
  
 The father and his son — identified by Social Venture Partners as Max — were on the East Coast visiting colleges, according to the agency. Connecticut officials said Henningsgaard was set to land at Tweed-New Haven Airport, but missed the approach and attempted a second approach, The Hartford Courant reported. They said there was no distress call from the plane, which the Federal Aviation Administration said was a Rockwell International Turbo Commander 690B, a multi-engine turboprop aircraft. 
  
 The bodies of the pilot and a child were found in the rubble, but East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo told reporters that the houses struck by the plane were unstable and crews were unable to get inside to do a full search. They were waiting for the National Transportation Safety Board to arrive before continuing the investigation. 
  
 Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy said Friday that two children, ages 1 and 13, were in one house and as many as three people might have been in the plane, The Courant reported. 
  
 “We presume there is going to be a very bad outcome,” East Haven Fire Chief Douglas Jackson said. 
  
 Bill Henningsgaard is listed as the registered agent of Ellumax Leasing in Medina, according to the Washington Secretary of State’s Office corporations website. Ellumax is the registered owner of the plane that crashed, FAA records show. 
  
 Henningsgaard was involved in a previous plane crash. In April 2009, his engine cut out 10 minutes into a flight from Astoria to Seattle with his mother, Edith Henningsgaard-Miller, a former Astoria mayor. The plane crash-landed into the Columbia River. 
  
 Standing on the wing of the plane as it sunk into the water, they were rescued by the Columbia River Bar Pilots. Henningsgaard wrote about the experience in a column on the Social Venture Partners website, urging people to reach out to children in the community. 
  
 He worked for about 14 years at Microsoft in various sales and marketing roles, including as vice president of sales for the Western U.S., Australia and New Zealand. 
  
 After leaving Microsoft, he became heavily involved in local social-service and philanthropy efforts, helping start Eastside Pathways, which works to support the area’s youth from “cradle to career.” He has also served as board member and past board chairman of both Youth Eastside Services and Social Venture Partners, which connects philanthropists and strengthens nonprofits. 
  
 Will Poole, former senior vice president of Microsoft’s Windows Client Business, said he and Henningsgaard were acquainted at Microsoft, but it was through Social Venture Partners that they and their families became good friends. 
  
 Henningsgaard, “like many of us, saw that we have the sort of business skills that are applicable to working in the nonprofit world and (that we could) help apply the best of what we learned at a company like Microsoft to help these organizations grow and thrive,” Poole said. “He was an effective and truly engaged philanthropist.” 
  
 Poole’s wife, Janet Levinger, a founding member and treasurer of Eastside Pathways, said Henningsgaard was “full of energy and really wanted to make a difference in the world. ... He walked his talk and took action.” 
  
 Jeff Raikes, CEO of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, was Henningsgaard’s boss at Microsoft when Henningsgaard served as vice president of worldwide licensing and pricing. 
  
 “Bill was a great thinker,” Raikes said. “If you had a tough, strategic challenge to take on, he’d be the sort of person you’d want to partner with.” 
  
 Raikes watched as Henningsgaard and his wife became more involved in philanthropy over the years, especially with groups providing opportunities for young people locally. 
  
 “He was a great leader at Microsoft,” Raikes said. “But I think, even more so, a greater leader in our community.” 
  
 Paul Shoemaker, Social Venture Partners executive connector, called him “an incredibly good, real, honest man, for the community, for his family, for this world.” 
  
 “The guy has already done so much for the world. And he was going to do so much more,” he said. 
  
 The post on the Social Ventures Partners website said the family is requesting donations to Eastside Pathways partners on behalf of Henningsgaard and to Camp Kiwanilong, in Warrenton, Ore., on behalf of his son, who spent several summers there. 
  
 “We know you will join the SVP Board and Staff in extending deepest condolences to Bill’s wife and daughters and Max’s mom and sisters, Susan Sullivan, Eleanor and Lucy,” the post said. “They are in our thoughts and hearts.” 
  
 Colin Campbell: 206-464-2033 or ccampbell@seattletimes.com. On Twitter, @cmcampbell6 
  
 Seattle Times staff reporter Steve Miletich contributed to this report. Information from The Associated Press is included. ||||| EAST HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — Authorities are making plans to demolish the two East Haven houses struck by an airplane Friday in a crash that claimed four lives. 
  
 The Connecticut Post reports the demolition will take place this week. 
  
 The houses were badly damaged when the 10-seat propeller-driven plane crashed on its approach to Tweed New Haven Airport. 
  
 Thirteen-year-old-old Sade Brantley and 1-year-old Madisyn Mitchell were killed when the plane hit their home, setting it on fire. 
  
 Also killed were the pilot, 54-year-old former Microsoft executive Bill Henningsgaard, and his 17-year-old son, Maxwell. 
  
 Officials have said emergency repairs were done after the crash to make the homes safe for the crews that recovered the bodies. 
  
 On Saturday night, dozens of people turned out for a vigil at Margaret Tucker Park to honor those who died in the crash. 
  
 Among those in attendance was 39-year-old Joann Mitchell, the mother of the 13-year-old and the 1-year-old. Mitchell, who did not speak at the vigil, was home at the time of the crash, but managed to escape. 
  
 The Hartford Courant reported that Mitchell posted the following message on her Facebook page: ""My heart is at a standstill. The feeling of emptiness engulfs me. Mommy will always love you … R.I.P. my sweet angels." 
  
 East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo told the crowd at the vigil that the show of support was a great tribute. 
  
 "I think this is a great tribute to a great town," the mayor said, "a caring town, a loving town. A town that comes out when things are down and people need you." 
  
 Gov. Dannel Malloy said in a statement that the vigil was a "profound statement of the ties that bind East Haven and our entire state together as one community." 
  
 "When a family suffers an unimaginable tragedy, we come together and pray that they have the strength they need to carry on," Malloy said. 
  
 "Our thoughts and prayers are with all the families tonight who are suffering from grief and loss." ||||| A former Microsoft executive and his teenage son are presumed dead after their small plane crashed into a residential neighborhood a few blocks from an airport while trying to land, setting fire to two houses and killing as many as four other people, the man's brother and authorities said. 
  
 A firefighter surveys the scene of a small plane crash, Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, in East Haven, Conn. The multi-engine, propeller-driven plane plunged into a working-class suburban neighborhood near Tweed... (Associated Press) 
  
 Firefighters stand at the scene of a plane crash, Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, in East Haven, Conn. The multi-engine, propeller-driven plane plunged into a working-class suburban neighborhood near Tweed New... (Associated Press) 
  
 A responder surveys the scene of a small plane crash, Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, in East Haven, Conn. The multi-engine, propeller-driven plane plunged into a working-class suburban neighborhood near Tweed... (Associated Press) 
  
 East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo, right, speaks with the media as East Haven fire Chief Douglas Jackson listens, left, at the scene of a small plane crash in East Haven, Conn., on Friday, Aug. 9, 2013.... (Associated Press) 
  
 Firefighters work the scene of a plane crash, Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, in East Haven, Conn. The multi-engine, propeller-driven plane plunged into a working-class suburban neighborhood near Tweed New Haven... (Associated Press) 
  
 Firefighters work the scene of a plane crash, Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, in East Haven, Conn. The multi-engine, propeller-driven plane plunged into a working-class suburban neighborhood near Tweed New Haven... (Associated Press) 
  
 A firefighter surveys the scene of a small plane crash Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, in East Haven, Conn. The multi-engine, propeller-driven plane plunged into a working-class suburban neighborhood near Tweed... (Associated Press) 
  
 In this photo provided by the National Transportation Safety Board NTSB senior air safety investigator Bob Gretz, back to camera, confers with emergency responders on the scene of Friday Aug. 9, 2013... (Associated Press) 
  
 Firefighters work at the scene of a small plane crash, Friday, Aug. 9, 2013, in East Haven, Conn. The multi-engine, propeller-driven plane plunged into a working-class suburban neighborhood near Tweed... (Associated Press) 
  
 Bill Henningsgaard and his teenage son, Maxwell, were traveling the East Coast to visit colleges, and Connecticut was part of the itinerary, said Blair Henningsgaard, the city attorney in Astoria, Ore. 
  
 Just before noon Friday, the multi-engine, propeller-driven plane struck two small homes near Tweed New Haven Airport. The aircraft's left wing lodged in one house and its right wing in the other. 
  
 The family learned it was Bill Henningsgaard's plane through the tail number, his brother said. 
  
 It wasn't his first crash. Three years ago, Henningsgaard crash-landed his plane on Washington's Columbia River, and he and his 84-year-old mother were rescued by a passing boat as the plane began to sink. 
  
 Henningsgaard was a member of Seattle-based Social Venture Partners, a foundation that helps build up communities. The foundation extended its condolences to his wife and two daughters. 
  
 "There are hundreds of people that have a story about Bill _ when he went the extra mile, when he knew just the right thing to say, how he would never give up. He was truly all-in for this community, heart, mind and soul," the foundation wrote Friday in a post on its website. 
  
 Late Friday, officials from a number of agencies were still at the scene trying to determine how many people had been killed. Officials said the total was four to six. The victims of the crash have not been identified. 
  
 "We haven't recovered anybody at this point, and we presume there is going to be a very bad outcome," East Haven fire Chief Douglas Jackson said Friday. 
  
 National Transportation Safety Board investigator Robert Gretz said at a news conference Friday night there were casualty reports of two or three people in the plane and two or three people in one of the homes, including two children, ages 1 and 13. He said the reports were unconfirmed and that local and state authorities were at the scene looking for victims. 
  
 Hours after the crash, Malloy said rescuers had spotted two bodies, including one of an adult, but hadn't recovered them. The plane's fuselage had entered one of the houses, and the recovery effort was focusing on the home's basement, he said. 
  
 Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. said later that the houses were still unstable and crews had not completed a full search. 
  
 The 10-seater plane, a Rockwell International Turbo Commander 690B, flew out of Teterboro Airport in New Jersey and crashed at 11:25 a.m., the Federal Aviation Administration said. 
  
 Tweed's airport manager, Lori Hoffman-Soares, said the pilot had been in communication with air traffic control and hadn't issued any distress calls. 
  
 "All we know is that it missed the approach and continued on," she said. 
  
 A neighbor, David Esposito, said he heard a loud noise and then a thump: "No engine noise, nothing." 
  
 "A woman was screaming her kids were in there," he said. 
  
 Esposito, a retired teacher, said he ran into the upstairs of the house, where the woman believed her children were, but couldn't find them after frantically searching a crib and closets. He returned downstairs to search some more, but he dragged the woman out when the flames became too strong. 
  
 In April 2009, Henningsgaard was flying a small plane from Astoria to Seattle when the engine quit and he tried to glide back to the airport. As he wrote 10 days later on a blog post, the plane crashed into the Columbia River after a harrowing five-minute descent. He and his mother, a former Astoria mayor, climbed out on a wing and were rescued. 
  
 He spent 14 years at Microsoft in various marketing and sales positions, according to his biography on Social Venture Partners website. He was a longtime board member at Youth Eastside Services, a Bellevue, Wash.-based agency that provides counseling and substance-abuse treatment, and led the organization's $10.7 million fundraising campaign for its new headquarters, which opened in 2008. 
  
 A vigil for the victims of the crash is planned for Saturday night at Margaret Tucker Park. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Steven DuBois in Portland, Ore., Gene Johnson in Seattle and Mike Melia in Hartford, Conn., contributed to this report. |||||