Summarize this article:

Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| CLOSE Outside the courthouse in Sanford, Fla., supporters of Trayvon Martin react to the news that George Zimmerman was found not guilty of second-degree murder and manslaughter in Trayvon's death. VPC 
  
 Other legal options may be examined. 
  
 Bridgette Welch of Tampa holds back tears after George Zimmerman was found not guilty at the Seminole County Courthouse in Sanford, Fla. (Photo: Craig Bailey, Florida Today) Story Highlights Rev. Al Sharpton calls verdict "an atrocity" 
  
 NAACP urges Justice Department to pursue civil rights charges against Zimmerman 
  
 Leaders appeal for calm 
  
 Angry civil rights groups on Sunday were pressing for new criminal charges following George Zimmerman's acquittal on second-degree murder and manslaughter in a Florida courtroom. 
  
 The NAACP website featured an online petition -- also posted on the liberal site MoveOn.org -- asking the Justice Department to bring federal charges against Zimmerman in the February 2012 fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin. 
  
 "The most fundamental of civil rights — the right to life — was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin," the petition says. "We ask that the Department of Justice file civil rights (criminal) charges against Mr. Zimmerman for this egregious violation." 
  
 Justice Department spokeswoman Dena Iverson issued a statement Sunday saying federal prosecutors were continuing to review evidence in the case, including testimony from the state trial. 
  
 "Prosecutors will determine whether the evidence reveals a prosecutable violation of any of the limited federal criminal civil rights statutes within our jurisdiction, and whether federal prosecution is appropriate," Iverson said. 
  
 Barbara Arnwine, executive director of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, pressed for those charges, blasting the state verdict as a "tragic miscarriage of justice." She also urged Trayvon's family to pursue a civil lawsuit. 
  
 "No matter how you look at this situation, if it were not for the actions of Mr. Zimmerman, Trayvon Martin would still be alive with his family today," Arnwine said. 
  
 She said she hoped the verdict would spark a national conversation about racial profiling and the "broken criminal justice system." 
  
 After the verdict was announced Saturday night, a clearly shaken NAACP President Benjamin Todd Jealous said, "This is a heartbreaking moment. This will confirm for many that the only problem with the New South is it occupies the same time and space as the old South." 
  
 NOT GUILTY: Zimmerman acquitted 
  
 'SYSTEM HAS FAILED': Crowds react to verdict 
  
 He referenced another killing of a black youth that many have compared to the Trayvon Martin slaying, the 1955 killing of 14-year-old Emmett Till, who was killed in Mississippi for allegedly flirting with a white woman. "Trayvon Martin's case has focused a generation the same way that the Emmett Till case focused a generation 60 years ago. I had hoped that this time we would get a verdict that fit the gravity of the case." 
  
 The Rev. Al Sharpton, who led thousands of protesters in Sanford seeking a prosecution of Trayvon's killer, called the verdict "a sad day in the country" and "a slap in the face to those that believe in justice in this country." 
  
 "I think this is an atrocity," Sharpton said. "It is probably one of the worst situations that I have seen." 
  
 Jesse Jackson called the verdict "Old South justice." 
  
 "I'm disappointed and I'm saddened for the family," Jackson said. 
  
 While the jury's verdict was a crushing blow for many, there were no reports of serious unrest by early Sunday morning. Authorities in Martin's hometown of Miami and in Miami Gardens, where his father lives, said the streets were quiet. 
  
 Demonstrators took to the streets of four California cities, and there were reports of protesters breaking windows and damaging cars in Oakland, officials said early Sunday. 
  
 Supporters of Trayvon Martin wait in front of the Seminole County Criminal Justice Center for the verdict to be announced in the George Zimmerman murder trial on July 13, 2013 in Sanford, Fla. (Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images) 
  
 In Chicago, about 40 people chanted "Justice for Trayvon!" as they marched through the streets Saturday evening, according to The Chicago Tribune. 
  
 In Sanford, Tristan Bailey, 15, who was outside the Seminole County courthouse, was stunned after hearing the verdict. "I don't know what to say," said the teen, who identifies with Trayvon Martin. "He was just a teen, trying to live his dreams." 
  
 Shannon Mickey, 41, was also disappointed. "We were all nervous when we knew the verdict was coming down," Mickey said. "It was a sense of shock. And unbelievable sadness." 
  
 In Detroit, the Rev. Charles Williams II, president of the National Action Network of Michigan and pastor of Detroit's Historic King Solomon Baptist Church, said he planned a special prayer service at the church to pray for the Martin family. 
  
 "In the South, it's still hard for an African American to get justice," Williams said. "Mr. Zimmerman deserved at least manslaughter and the jury wouldn't even do that. There is not faith in the jurors or in the diversity of the process." 
  
 Williams said that National Action Network will examine legal options. "We're going to continue our calls for justice for Trayvon Martin," he said. 
  
 In Fort Myers, Fla., people voiced feelings of anger, dismay and concern about keeping the peace immediately following the verdict. 
  
 "Oh my goodness, this is unreal to me. I'm very upset," said Antoinette Anderson, 48, a school district employee who is African American. "It shows we're not equal in the justice system." 
  
 Joe D'Alessandro, a 74-year-old former state attorney who now has a private legal practice, had a different take: "I never thought the state had a second-degree murder case," he said. "Self-defense trumps all. I just hope there's no violence." 
  
 Despite his disappointment with the verdict, Jealous urged calm. "It's important that the public focus on the fact that there are still additional avenues for holding this man accountable and bringing him to justice," he said. "It is critical that people keep the peace and focus their energy on encouraging the federal authorities to make sure that Zimmerman is held accountable for taking young Trayvon Martin's life." 
  
 Jackson also called for calm. "I hope there will be dignity and discipline, and not street justice," he said. "We cannot dishonor the innocent blood of Trayvon Martin with acts of violence." 
  
 Tampa resident Craig Woodord brought his 13-year-old son, Dante, to the courthouse Saturday afternoon to watch history in the making. Dante wore a blue hooded sweatshirt and carried a bag of Skittles candy and a can of watermelon Arizona Iced Tea. 
  
 "My son's 13," Craig Woodord said. "And it could have been him. So my heart really, really goes out to the Martin family, who lost their son that was doing absolutely nothing wrong. 
  
 "But nobody wins tonight. George Zimmerman is free, but he has to come out into society – living with a lot of people that don't like him." 
  
 Contributing: Mackenzie Ryan and Rick Neale of Florida Today; John Wisely, Detroit Free Press; Laura Ruane, The News-Press in Fort Myers, Fla.; The Associated Press 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16Bowrm ||||| Darryl Parks, the attorney for the family of Florida murder victim Trayvon Martin, demurred on Sunday whether the family supported the NAACP's call for the Justice Department to prosecute George Zimmerman. 
  
 Asked on "Fox News Sunday" whether the family, who did not appear in the courtroom when the verdict was read, was supportive, Parks deferred. 
  
 "The beauty of our country is that we have several tiers of government, several aspects of laws and that different times different aspects apply," Parks said. "Different laws apply at different times, different places apply at different times. That would be a different arena." 
  
 (PHOTOS: George Zimmerman trial) 
  
 NAACP President Benjamin Jealous said in a statement that his organization would "pursue civil rights charges with the Department of Justice" and "continue to fight for the removal of Stand Your Ground laws in every state and we will not rest until racial profiling in all its forms is outlawed." 
  
 A jury late Saturday night found Zimmerman not guilty of second-degree murder. Zimmerman was also acquitted of manslaughter charges. 
  
 Read more about: NAACP, Department Of Justice, Trayvon Martin, George Zimmerman ||||| Attorney General Eric Holder Eric H. HolderSam Clovis is a terrible pick for the USDA Holder: Obama never asked me to consider dropping a case Schumer: Trump must withdraw USDA nominee to show he doesn't 'tolerate hate' MORE faces a crucial decision on whether to press federal civil rights charges against George Zimmerman, after the neighborhood watchman was acquitted Saturday in the shooting death of unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin. 
  
 The NAACP and other leading civil rights groups are pressing for Holder to open a federal case against Zimmerman, after he was found not guilty on second-degree murder and manslaughter charges by a Florida jury. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 The public pressure leaves Holder, the nation’s first African-American attorney general, facing a difficult decision on a controversial case that has grabbed the nation’s attention and sparked renewed debate about racial profiling. 
  
 In a statement from NAACP President Ben Jealous, the civil rights group said they were “not done demanding justice for Trayvon Martin.” 
  
 “The most fundamental of civil rights—the right to life—was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin. We ask that the Department of Justice file civil rights charges against Mr. Zimmerman for this egregious violation,” said the group in a petition unveiled Saturday night. “Please address the travesties of the tragic death of Trayvon Martin by acting today.” 
  
 On CNN Sunday, civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson also demanded that the Justice Department “intervene” and “take this to another level.” 
  
  
  
  
  
 Many Democratic lawmakers are also joining those calls, with Rep. Steve Cohen (D-Tenn.) tweeting a message from Jealous asking for the DOJ to act. 
  
 Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-N.Y.) tweeted he was “deeply saddened” by the verdict, but was “pleased that DOJ is continuing to evaluate evidence.” 
  
 The DOJ launched a review of the shooting earlier this year and Holder said that they would take proper action if they had evidence of a civil rights crime. 
  
 “If we find evidence of a potential federal criminal civil rights crime, we will take appropriate action, and at every step, the facts and law will guide us forward,” said Holder in a speech in April to Al Sharpton’s National Action Network. 
  
 But Holder had cautioned in subsequent remarks that the DOJ faces a “very high barrier” when seeking to bring federal criminal charges in such cases. 
  
 The decision to act against Zimmerman after a jury acquitted him could also put Holder again at odds with Republican lawmakers, with whom he has had a contentious relationship. 
  
 The House voted him in contempt last year after he failed to turn over documents subpoenaed in a probe of the ATF’s botched gun-tracking program, Operation Fast and Furious. 
  
 Holder has also faced congressional anger over the DOJ’s probe of journalists over national security leaks, including questions about whether he lied when testifying before Congress that he was unaware of efforts to prosecute reporters. 
  
 Holder spoke in April about the shooting death of Trayvon Martin personally, saying that “as a parent, I reacted to it.” 
  
 “This is a pain that no parent should have to endure. The notion of having to bury a child is something that is, I think in some ways for a parent, the ultimate pain,” Holder said. 
  
 “The primary responsibility we have in the Justice Department is to support the state in its ongoing investigation, to do our own thorough and parallel investigation which we are in the process of doing and try to resolve this matter in as fair and complete a way and as quickly as we can.” ||||| Editor's note: The George Zimmerman trial: What happened? What's next? Watch an "Anderson Cooper 360" special tonight at 8 ET on CNN. 
  
 (CNN) -- This might sound like a legal conundrum: 
  
 A Florida jury has pronounced George Zimmerman not guilty of murdering Trayvon Martin. 
  
 But a court could still hold him accountable for the death. 
  
 Martin's family so far has only commented that it wants the public to respect the Florida court's verdict. 
  
 Two options, however, are available: A civil suit, or a civil rights suit. Though they sound similar, they are very different. 
  
 A civil suit allows one party to seek monetary damages against another for causing physical or emotional harm, regardless of the outcome of a criminal trial. 
  
 A civil rights suit involves criminal charges for violating someone's civil rights, which are protected under federal law. 
  
 Feds are asked to act 
  
 Civil suit 
  
 Take what happened to O.J. Simpson 17 years ago. 
  
 After a criminal court acquitted him of charges in the 1994 killing of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson, a civil court held him responsible in 1997 for her "wrongful death." 
  
 It ordered him to pay her family more than $33 million in damages. Various courts then stripped Simpson of every asset they could get their hands on. 
  
 Wrongful death is easier to prove than murder or manslaughter. 
  
 A defendant can be held liable, even if he or she didn't intend to cause the victim's death, according to Florida law. 
  
 Simple negligence is enough, if it results in death. 
  
 Did Zimmerman act negligently, when he exited his vehicle to pursue Martin on foot while carrying a gun -- although a 911 operator told him not to? 
  
 Would the 17-year-old still be alive if Zimmerman had not done so? 
  
 Those are questions a lawyer for Martin's family would be sure to ask in a wrongful death suit. 
  
 Martin's family has so given no indication so far of wanting to pursue an additional suit. 
  
 But someone else has. 
  
 Trayvon's dad: My heart is broken, my faith is not 
  
 Civil rights suit 
  
 The NAACP is pushing the U.S. Department of Justice to file a civil rights suit. 
  
 They accuse Zimmerman of racial profiling that led to Martin's death -- an allegation that Zimmerman, his family and his supporters have denied. 
  
 Analysis: The role that race played 
  
 "The most fundamental of civil rights -- the right to life -- was violated the night George Zimmerman stalked and then took the life of Trayvon Martin," the group said. 
  
 NAACP President Benjamin Jealous told CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday that remarks made by Zimmerman and people who live in his Sanford, Florida, neighborhood had sparked the group's concern. 
  
 "When you look at (Zimmerman's) comments, and when you look at comments made by young black men who lived in that neighborhood about how they felt especially targeted by him, there is reason to be concerned that race was a factor in why he targeted young Trayvon," Jealous said. 
  
 The NAACP leader's allegations drew sharp criticism Sunday from Robert Zimmerman Jr., who argued that FBI interviews have already shown that his brother isn't racist. 
  
 "I don't think (Jealous) does anything for civil rights by perpetuating a narrative that has now been proven false. ... They've investigated I think about three dozen of his closest friends and acquaintances. And there is not any inkling of racism. In fact, there's evidence to show the opposite," he said. "I would encourage them to cool their jets, give everyone some time to kind of process what's going on. Agitation doesn't help us. It doesn't do anybody any good right now." 
  
 The Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN's "New Day" on Sunday that his Rainbow PUSH Coalition also wants the Justice Department to look into possible civil rights violations in the case. 
  
 "There's a Trayvon in every town," he said. "That's why the Department of Justice has a role to play, to look at this pattern, because equal protection under the law remains elusive." 
  
 The Justice Department did not respond directly to the NAACP demand. It has a separate federal investigation going on. 
  
 "Experienced federal prosecutors will determine whether the evidence reveals a prosecutable violation of any of the limited federal criminal civil rights statutes within our jurisdiction, and whether federal prosecution is appropriate in accordance with the department's policy governing successive federal prosecution following a state trial," it said in a Sunday statement. 
  
 It's a legal path that worked in the case of Rodney King, whom Los Angeles police officers clubbed down in 1991 after a car chase. 
  
 The beating of the African-American man was caught on video and later aired on news broadcasts. 
  
 When a criminal court failed to convict the white officers of police brutality, riots ensued in Los Angeles over alleged racial discrimination. 
  
 The Justice Department filed a civil rights suit against the officers, alleging racial profiling, and two were convicted in 1993 as a result. 
  
 A court sentenced them to 30 months in federal prison. 
  
 CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report. |||||

Summary: