Article:
SAN DIEGO — Mitt Romney laid down a marker for a prospective presidential campaign in 2016, telling a Republican audience here Friday night that the party can win the White House with a conservative message that stresses security and safety for the American people, opportunity for all regardless of background and a plan to lift people out of poverty. 
  
 In his first public appearance since his surprise announcement that he will seriously consider a third campaign for the White House, Romney offered an economic message that represented a dramatic departure from the themes he sounded in losing the 2012 campaign to President Obama. 
  
 “Under President Obama, the rich have gotten richer, income inequality has gotten worse and there are more people in poverty than ever before,” Romney said. “Under this president, his policies have not worked. Their liberal policies are good every four years for a campaign, but they don’t get the job done.” 
  
 In his last campaign, Romney was hampered by an image, pushed by the Democrats, that he was a wealthy business executive who was out of touch with ordinary Americans. On Friday, he seemed determined to send a signal that he would try to deal with that problem from the start, should he run. 
  
 “It’s a tragedy -- a human tragedy – that the middle class in this country by and large doesn’t believe the future won’t be better than the past or their kids will have a brighter future of their own,” Romney said. He added, “People want to see rising wages and they deserve them.” 
  
 As with others in his party, he raised the issue of social mobility and the difficulty of those at the bottom from rising into the middle class. He cited former president Lyndon B. Johnson’s War on Poverty half a century ago. Johnson’s intentions were good, he said, but his policies had not worked. He argued that Republicans must persuade voters that conservative policies can “end the scourge of poverty” in America. 
  
 Beyond a focus aimed more at struggling middle-class families and those in poverty, Romney’s brief remarks Friday included comments about the work he had done as a lay pastor in the Mormon Church, a topic he rarely spoke about in his past campaigns. He invoked his wife Ann, who stood on the stage with him. 
  
 “She knows my heart in a way that few people do,” he said. “She’s seen me not just as a business guy and a political guy, but for over 10 years as you know I served as a pastor for a congregation and for groups of congregations... She’s seen me work with folks that are looking for better work and jobs and providing care for the sick and the elderly. She knows where my heart is.” 
  
 Romney joked also that the question he’s been asked most frequently in recent days is what Ann thinks about another campaign. “She believes that people get better with experience,” he joked. “Heaven knows I have experience running for president.” 
  
 The one element of Romney’s substantive remarks that did not mark a departure from his last campaign was criticism of Obama on foreign policy. Citing threats across the globe to U.S. security, Romney said, “The results of the Hillary Clinton-Barack Obama foreign policy have been devastating, and you know that. Terrorism is not on the run.” 
  
 Romney’s appearance came aboard the USS Midway, an aircraft carrier museum docked in downtown San Diego, where the Republican National Committee held a reception to conclude its winter meeting here. His appearance drew a throng of reporters, with about two dozen cameras awaiting him and his wife when they arrived shortly before 7 p.m. PT. 
  
 Before taking the stage, Romney mingled with RNC members and reminisced about happy times on the campaign trail in 2012. When he saw some friends from Puerto Rico, he recalled the thunderous rally he attended in San Juan during the territory’s primary campaign. 
  
 “I don’t think anybody thought we’d be getting any delegates in Puerto Rico, but we got ‘em all, thanks to you,” Romney said. 
  
 Ann chimed in, “That was the most extraordinary night.” 
  
 Ann told a few reporters she was excited to be back on the campaign trail, but said this was a “time to think.” Asked whether her husband would run again, she said, “We don’t know yet.” 
  
 As the Romneys walked to their SUV to leave the aircraft carrier, a few fans asked Mitt to autograph a few baseballs. 
  
 "Look at this," he said with a smile and a chuckle. "Isn't that nice to get the chance to sign a baseball again?" 
  
 He signed a few, but then told them, "One more. I don't want to flood the market with these -- might drop the price below 50 cents again." 
  
 His last words as he got into the waiting SUV were: “I’m thinking – thinking about it. Giving it consideration.” 
  
 Romney’s remarks came at the end of a tumultuous week in the Republican presidential race — and a roller-coaster ride for the 2012 nominee. His declaration that he will seriously consider running again generated both surprise and excitement within GOP circles. The announcement foreshadowed a potentially dramatic clash between the former Massachusetts governor and former Florida governor Jeb Bush. 
  
 Romney and his inner circle worked the phones in an effort to gauge interest and potential support for a third campaign, and to begin to reassemble the team that carried him to the nomination and into the general election. 
  
 But within days, another reality set in, which was resistance to his possible candidacy. A few one-time Romney supporters expressed public skepticism while others privately said they hoped he would not go forward. 
  
 There was criticism as well about the way the rollout was handled, which appeared to have been little planned and caught even some close to Romney by surprise. There was criticism as well about the rationale that some of those around Romney were using to justify a new campaign. 
  
 Many Republicans, however fond they are of Romney personally, are unforgiving about the campaign he ran, arguing that Obama was highly vulnerable and that a more skilled campaign and candidate would have won. 
  
 Romney quickly came under pressure to explain not only the substance behind his belief that he should be the 2016 nominee but also to show that a new campaign would be run differently, with new faces and an expanded operation. |||||  
  
  
  
 Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney sought to cast himself as a champion of the nation’s poor Friday, as he announced he is giving a third presidential campaign “serious consideration.” 
  
 Addressing the GOP’s elite at the winter meeting of the Republican National Committee aboard the U.S.S. Midway, Romney premiered a brand new stump speech, laying out the themes of his proto-campaign and for the party in the “post-Obama era.” 
  
 “First, we have to make the world safer,” Romney said. “Second, we have to make sure and provide opportunity for all Americans regardless of the neighborhood they live in. And finally, we have to lift people out of poverty. If we communicate those three things effectively, the American people are going to be with us—be with our nominee and with our candidates across the country.” 
  
  
  
 Romney received a warm welcome from the members of the RNC in his first appearance with them since his Nov. 2012 loss to President Barack Obama. “It’s nice to appear with friends like this, I gotta tell ya,” he said over the clamor of applause as he took the stage. 
  
 In strikingly personal terms for the famously wooden candidate, Romney spoke about his service as a “pastor” in the Mormon Church helping the poor, saying of his wife, Ann, “She’s seen me work with people who are very poor to help them get help.” Romney aides said that should he formally announce he would be more comfortable showing his warmer private persona in public. 
  
 “Under President Obama, the rich have gotten richer, income inequality has gotten worse, and there are more people in poverty in America than ever before,” Romney said. “People want to see rising wages, and they deserve them,” he added. 
  
 He argued that conservative principles would best address the problem. 
  
 “The only policies that will reach into the hearts of American people and pull people out of poverty and break the cycle of poverty are Republican principles, conservative principles. They include family formation, and education and good jobs and we’re going to bring them to the American people and finally end the scourge of poverty in this great land.” 
  
 The focus on poverty reflected a significant change of tune for Romney, a multimillionaire private equity executive who famously told a group of donors that 47 percent of Americans would never vote for him because they are dependent on government and “believe that they are victims.” Romney’s 2012 campaign even prevented his running mate, Rep. Paul Ryan, from incorporating a discussion of poverty into his stump speech. 
  
 But Romney continued to echo his infamous line, as well as his assertion after the election that Obama won in 2012 because he gave “gifts” to minority voters, saying of Democrats, “Their liberal policies are good every four years for a campaign, but they don’t get the job done.” 
  
 Romney, who believes his 2012 critiques of the Obama foreign policy have been vindicated, sharply criticized the president’s handling of global crises and geopolitical threats. “The world is not safer six years after Barack Obama has been in office,” he said, referencing last week’s terrorist attacks in France, Nigeria, and Yemen. “Terrorism is not on the run.” 
  
 Romney indicated that his wife is on board with a potential third campaign. “She believes that people get better with experience, and heaven knows I have experience running for president,” he quipped, adding, “Me, I’m giving some serious consideration to the future.” 
  
 Romney said regardless of his decision, he would work to support the Republican Party’s nominee in 2016. 
  
 In his introduction, RNC Chair Reince Priebus effusively praised Romney in his introduction, crediting him for his help for GOP candidates in 2014. 
  
 “Governor Romney was the man over these last two years,” Priebus said. “I just want to thank him for all of the work that he did, beside the life-changing experience of being the nominee, Mitt Romney was a person who spent the next two years helping our party, helping our party rebuild, and helping our party grow.” 
  
 But Romney, who faced a skeptical, if friendly audience, did not put an end to doubts that his candidacy would be in the party’s best interests. 
  
 “We heard some new themes tonight from Governor Romney, but we heard many other candidates’ new themes this week,” said South Carolina Chairman Matt Moore. “What’s clear is that this primary is going to be seriously competitive—whether Governor Romney gets in, or not.” 
  
 “I think he was talking about supporting the team,” said Rep. Darrell Issa, discounting Romney’s talk that he’s seriously considering a bid. “Obviously he’s doing a trip around to ask people whether they think he should be the candidate, but the important thing:, he made a strong commitment to the RNC here tonight that regardless of the outcome he’d be supporting the nominee.” 
  
 Issa would not say whether he thought Romney should launch a third bid for the White House. ||||| SAN DIEGO (AP) — Mitt Romney is offering a rare glimpse of his softer side as he marches toward an unlikely third presidential bid focused on poverty and the middle class. 
  
 Mitt Romney, the former Republican presidential nominee, left, looks at his wife Ann, right, after speaking during the Republican National Committee's winter meeting aboard the USS Midway Museum Friday,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Mitt Romney, the former Republican presidential nominee, left, greets people after speaking during the Republican National Committee's winter meeting aboard the USS Midway Museum Friday, Jan. 16, 2015,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Mitt Romney, the former Republican presidential nominee, speaks during the Republican National Committee's winter meeting aboard the USS Midway Museum Friday, Jan. 16, 2015, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory... (Associated Press) 
  
 Conceding that he's giving "serious consideration to the future," the Republican Party's 2012 presidential nominee on Friday cited the support of his wife, Ann, as he addressed the closing reception of the Republican National Committee's winter meeting aboard a retired aircraft carrier. 
  
 "The last few days, the most frequently asked question I get is, 'What does Ann think about all this?'" Romney said as his wife looked on. "She believes that people get better with experience. And heaven knows I have experience running for president." 
  
 He later added, "She knows where my heart is." 
  
 Romney earned a standing ovation for his remarks, his first public acknowledgement of 2016 ambitions since privately signaling interest with donors a week earlier. However, RNC members and his prospective opponents were far less welcoming in the days leading up to his appearance. 
  
 "The country moves on," said Henry Barbour, a Republican national committeeman from Mississippi. "And that's going to be a challenge for Gov. Romney." 
  
 History is not on Romney's side. Not since Richard Nixon has a Republican presidential nominee lost the general election — John F. Kennedy defeated Nixon in 1960 — and then won the GOP nomination again. Nixon defeated Hubert Humphrey in 1968. 
  
 Yet there is little doubt Romney would be a force in the 2016 contest should he run. 
  
 He remains one of the best-known Republicans in the nation, maintains close ties to the GOP elite donor class and has a network of loyal supporters across the country. Early polls show him doing well against lesser-known potential Republican opponents. 
  
 Yet an overwhelming concern from former supporters looms over his return to the national stage: the lingering perception that the former private equity executive cares only about the fate of wealthy Americans. 
  
 The image was fueled in part by his own high-profile missteps during his last presidential campaign. The son of an auto company chief executive who made a fortune in finance measured in the hundreds of millions famously described corporations as people and highlighted his close friendships with the owners of professional sports teams. 
  
 No gaffe was bigger than Romney's remark — secretly recorded at a high-dollar Florida fundraiser — that he doesn't worry about 47 percent of Americans who "believe they are victims" and "pay no income tax." 
  
 On Friday, however, he hinted that he had learned his lesson. 
  
 Romney outlined three principles that could serve as the foundation of a campaign during a 15-minute speech, while referencing his work with the poor, sick and elderly as a volunteer church pastor — a topic he rarely addressed during his previous bids. 
  
 His new focus includes national security, improving opportunities for the middle class and "breaking the scourge of poverty." 
  
 "Our principles will bring opportunity to every American," Romney declared, adding, "It's a tragedy, a human tragedy, that the middle class in this country by and large doesn't believe that the future will be better than the past." 
  
 The growing field of first-time Republican presidential prospects was largely dismissive of Romney, while others questioned his ability to broaden his appeal in a third campaign. 
  
 "He just didn't attract a big enough constituency," Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said as he courted voters earlier in the day in Las Vegas. 
  
 Indeed, Romney struggled to win over younger voters, lower income voters and minorities on the way to a 2012 campaign loss that devastated his family and his party. Friends and foes alike concede he'll have to do more than change his message to win new supporters. 
  
 Paul on Friday repeated that he had been reaching out to ethnic and racial minorities for more than a year to broaden the GOP's appeal, where Romney had only recently admitted to past supporters that he needed to do better connecting with Hispanics and addressing the needs of the poor. 
  
 Paul cast himself as "someone who can reach out to the African-American community and the Hispanic community and the youth community and the working class and say, "You know what? We understand.'" 
  
 As Paul has taken steps toward running for president he has held public events in inner-city communities, including schools on Chicago's south side. 
  
 Texas Gov. Rick Perry, meanwhile, declared himself ready for another presidential run and said Romney's interest in a 2016 bid "doesn't change my dynamic." 
  
 "It doesn't change my strategy," Perry said in an interview before Romney's speech. 
  
 Romney's team suggests he will make a decision about the 2016 campaign soon, both out of fairness to the other candidates contemplating bids and former allies who had begun to move on. Former Gov. Florida Jeb Bush began phoning leading officials in New Hampshire this week, with similar calls planned for Iowa — the first and second states on the presidential nominating calendar. 
  
 "While I have a lot of respect for Gov. Romney, and you know I think he is imminently qualified to serve as president, I think there's going to have to be a vetting process in New Hampshire again," said Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., a major Romney supporter in 2012 who was among those on Bush's recent call list. 
  
 "I want to know what's his vision for the country, just like I'm going to want to know from every candidate, so I think this field is wide open still," she said. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Ken Ritter in Las Vegas and Kathleen Ronayne in Concord, New Hampshire, contributed to this report. |||||Summary: