Given the task definition and input, reply with output. In this task, you are given text for US Congressional and California state bills, your task is to generate a summary for this bill.

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

    This Act may be cited as the ``United States Commission on 
Rebuilding America for the 21st Century Act''.

SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

    Congress finds the following:
            (1) In 1808, Albert Gallatin, while serving as President 
        Thomas Jefferson's Secretary of the Treasury, reported to 
        Congress on the infrastructure investments needed by the young 
        Nation.
            (2) Gallatin's plan built on President George Washington's 
        vision of connecting the interior settlements of the Nation 
        with the markets and ports of the East Coast through a network 
        of roads and canals, and provided a roadmap for infrastructure 
        development in the 19th century.
            (3) In 1908, President Theodore Roosevelt convened a 
        conference of State and territorial governors, members of his 
        Cabinet and Congress, professional organizations, private 
        citizens, and government agencies to plan for the United States 
        conservation and infrastructure needs in the 20th century.
            (4) The resulting plan laid the groundwork for many of the 
        critical investments initiated by President Franklin D. 
        Roosevelt to jumpstart the Nation's recovery from the Great 
        Depression.
            (5) Today, as in 1808 and 1908, the United States is faced 
        with significant economic, environmental, and demographic 
        challenges.
            (6) To stave off the worst effects of global warming, the 
        United States will need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 
        significantly.
            (7) The Nation's population is projected to increase to 420 
        million by 2050, which is nearly a 50 percent increase from the 
        Nation's population size in 2000.
            (8) By 2050, more than 70 percent of the Nation's 
        population growth and economic growth is expected to take place 
        in extended networks of metropolitan regions linked by 
        environmental systems, transportation networks, economies, and 
        culture.
            (9) The National Surface Transportation Policy and Revenue 
        Study Commission recently calculated that maintaining the 
        Nation's existing transportation system over the next 50 years 
        will require $225 billion annually. The latest transportation 
        authorization, SAFETEA-LU, provided only $244 billion total for 
        the 5 years ending with fiscal year 2009.
            (10) The American Society of Civil Engineers has given the 
        Nation's public infrastructure, consisting of water, sewer, and 
        transportation systems, a grade of D-minus, estimating that it 
        will cost $1.6 trillion over the next 5 years merely to repair 
        the Nation's existing infrastructure.
            (11) The Nation's decaying water infrastructure and a lack 
        of available funding to maintain and upgrade the Nation's 
        wastewater infrastructure pose a serious threat to water 
        quality. More than 72,000 miles of municipal water and sewer 
        pipe are more than 80 years old, threatening the health, 
        environment, and economy of communities large and small.
            (12) Population growth and associated development will 
        place the Nation's water resources under increasing stress, 
        including increased pollutant loads, increased potential for 
        flooding, diminished drinking water supplies, loss of aquatic 
        habitat, and stream scouring and erosion. Global warming will 
        exacerbate existing water challenges and make other changes to 
        the natural hydrology, including more extreme storm events, 
        more frequent droughts, higher air and water temperatures, 
        changes in timing of stream flows, and sea level rise. New 
        technologies and a comprehensive strategy will be needed to 
        overcome these challenges and ensure a safe, adequate, 
        reliable, and sustainable water supply.
            (13) The Environmental Protection Agency, the Congressional 
        Budget Office, and other stakeholders have identified a funding 
        gap of between $300 billion and $400 billion over the next 20 
        years for the restoration and replacement of wastewater 
        infrastructure, and an additional $250 billion over the next 30 
        years will be needed to replace worn-out drinking water pipes 
        and associated structures.
            (14) From 1999 to 2009, the Nation's electricity demand 
        rose by nearly 20 percent while transmission capacity grew by 
        only 3.5 percent. To accommodate increased demand, and to 
        accommodate increased electrical supply from renewable sources 
        by 2050, electrical transmission infrastructure requires 
        significant investment.
            (15) The Nation's rural economy is dependant on 
        transportation and communications networks to grow and compete 
        in an increasingly globalized market.
            (16) Significant under-investment in public lands 
        infrastructure jeopardizes the tremendous conservation, 
        environmental, and mixed use benefits that these lands provide 
        the public.
            (17) Much of the Nation's infrastructure was built in the 
        last half of the 20th century and will reach its capacity 
        limits early in the 21st century. Unless new capacity is 
        created in roads, rails, airports, seaports, and other systems, 
        the Nation's economic potential will be artificially limited.
            (18) Since 1980, the number of miles people in the United 
        States drive has grown 3 times faster than the Nation's 
        population. Residents of walkable cities, however, drive 26 
        percent fewer miles per day than those living in the most 
        sprawling areas.
            (19) By 2050, 89 million new or replaced homes as well as 
        190 billion square feet of new offices, stores, and other 
        nonresidential buildings will be constructed.
            (20) By 2050, smart growth building policies could reduce 
        total transportation-related CO&lt;INF&gt;2&lt;/INF&gt; emissions by 7 to 
        10 percent.
            (21) Development of a bold national plan to overcome these 
        challenges by 2050 will allow the United States to respond in 
        the most economically and environmentally sustainable way.

SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT.

    There is established a commission to be known as the ``United 
States Commission on Rebuilding America for the 21st Century'' (in this 
Act referred to as the ``Commission'').

SEC. 4. MEMBERSHIP.

    (a) Appointment of Members.--The Commission shall be composed of 17 
members as follows:
            (1) Two members, including the chairman of the Commission, 
        to be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
            (2) Two members to be appointed by the majority leader of 
        the Senate.
            (3) Three members to be appointed jointly by the minority 
        leader of the House of Representatives and the minority leader 
        of the Senate.
            (4) One member to be appointed by the Administrator of the 
        Environmental Protection Agency.
            (5) One member to be appointed by the Secretary of 
        Transportation.
            (6) One member to be appointed by the Secretary of Housing 
        and Urban Development.
            (7) One member to be appointed by the Secretary of the 
        Interior.
            (8) One member to be appointed by the Secretary of Energy.
            (9) One member to be appointed by the President of the 
        Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the National 
        Association of Counties, in consultation with the other members 
        of the Board.
            (10) One member to be appointed by the Chair of the 
        National Governors Association.
            (11) One member to be appointed by the Executive Director 
        of the National Conference of State Legislatures, in 
        consultation with the members of the Conference's executive 
        committee.
            (12) One member to be appointed by the President of the 
        Board of Directors of the National Association of Regional 
        Councils, in consultation with the other members of the Board.
            (13) One member to be appointed by the President of the 
        United States Conference of Mayors, in consultation with the 
        members of the Conference's executive board.
    (b) Dates of Appointments.--The initial member appointed to the 
Commission shall be the Chairman, as designated by the Speaker of the 
House of Representatives under subsection (a)(1). The remainder of the 
members of the Commission shall be appointed in the 30-day period 
beginning on the 30th day following the date of the appointment of the 
Chairman.
    (c) Qualifications.--
            (1) In general.--Each member of the Commission shall be 
        knowledgeable in--
                    (A) the fields of transportation finance, highway 
                and transit programs, and transportation policy;
                    (B) the fields of land use and housing policy, 
                including community planning and design;
                    (C) the fields of water supply, water 
                infrastructure, and water conservation policy; or
                    (D) the fields of energy supply, energy 
                infrastructure, and energy conservation policy.
            (2) Eligibility of certain representatives.--The members of 
        the Commission--
                    (A) may include representatives of State and local 
                governments, public transportation authorities, and 
                other appropriate governmental units; but
                    (B) may not include any member of the House of 
                Representatives, the Senate, or the President's 
                Cabinet.
    (d) Terms.--The members of the Commission shall be appointed for 
the life of the Commission.
    (e) Vacancies.--A vacancy on the Commission shall be filled 
promptly and in the manner in which the original appointment was made.
    (f) Meetings.--
            (1) Initial meeting.--Not later than 60 days after the last 
        day of the appointment period described in section 4(b), the 
        Commission shall hold the initial meeting of the Commission.
            (2) Meetings.--The Commission shall meet at the call of the 
        chairman of the Commission or a majority of its members.
            (3) Quorum.--A majority of the members of the Commission 
        shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may 
        hold hearings.
    (g) Pay.--Members of the Commission shall serve without pay.
    (h) Travel Expenses.--Each member of the Commission shall receive 
travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in 
accordance with applicable provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 
of title 5, United States Code.

SEC. 5. DUTIES.

    (a) Review of Published Materials.--
            (1) In general.--The Commission shall review published 
        materials on the Nation's transportation, water, energy, public 
        lands, and housing infrastructure and, based on the review, 
        assess the challenges of meeting the Nation's infrastructure 
        needs in the 21st century.
            (2) Report to congress.--Not later than 120 days after the 
        last day of the appointment period described in section 4(b), 
        the Commission shall submit to Congress a report on the review 
        and assessment conducted under paragraph (1) and make the 
        report available to the public.
    (b) Public Hearings.--In order to facilitate a national dialogue on 
the Nation's infrastructure needs, the Commission shall hold public 
hearings in at least 50 congressional districts representing a cross-
section of the geographical regions of the United States, and consult 
with other interested persons, before submitting a final report under 
subsection (c)
    (c) Final Report.--
            (1) National vision of infrastructure investments.--Not 
        later than one year after the last day of the appointment 
        period described in section 4(b), the Commission shall prepare 
        and submit to Congress a report that--
                    (A) documents the challenges of meeting the 
                Nation's transportation, water, energy, public lands, 
                and housing infrastructure needs in the 21st century; 
                and
                    (B) articulates a national vision of infrastructure 
                investments to overcome the challenges.
            (2) Specific recommendations.--The report to be submitted 
        under paragraph (1) shall contain specific recommendations on 
        appropriate policies and investments, including integration of 
        existing programs, to provide the people of the United States 
        with--
                    (A) improved transportation mobility, choice, and 
                access to economic opportunities;
                    (B) streamlined investment processes to facilitate 
                State and local transportation investments;
                    (C) improved community health outcomes and social 
                equity;
                    (D) improved water conservation, quality, and 
                quantity;
                    (E) an efficient, vibrant, and flexible electric 
                grid that delivers clean, safe, and affordable energy;
                    (F) reductions in greenhouse gas emissions; and
                    (G) improved public lands infrastructure sufficient 
                to accommodate the growth in users without degrading 
                the environmental and conservation values of the public 
                lands.
            (3) Model principles.--The report to be submitted under 
        paragraph (1) shall contain a set of model principles to ensure 
        that future investments in the Nation's transportation, water, 
        energy, public lands, and housing infrastructure incorporate 
        the findings and recommendations contained in the report.

SEC. 6. POWERS.

    (a) Hearings and Sessions.--For the purpose of carrying out this 
Act, the Commission may hold such hearings, meet and act at such times 
and places, take such testimony, administer such oaths, and receive 
such evidence as the Commission considers appropriate.
    (b) Other Evidence.--The Commission shall gather evidence through 
such means as the Commission considers appropriate, including--
            (1) by soliciting comments through Federal Register 
        notices; and
            (2) by receiving testimony at public hearings conducted by 
        members of the Commission, at the direction of the chairman of 
        the Commission, subject to appropriate rules governing the 
        receiving of evidence.
    (c) Obtaining Official Data.--The Commission may secure directly 
from any department or agency of the United States information (other 
than information required by any law to be kept confidential by such 
department or agency) necessary for the Commission to carry out its 
duties under this Act. Upon request of the Commission, the head of that 
department or agency shall furnish such nonconfidential information to 
the Commission.
    (d) Contracts.--The Commission may enter into contracts with other 
entities in carrying out the duties of the Commission.
    (e) Gifts, Bequests, and Devises.--To the extent or in the amounts 
provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Commission may accept, 
use, and dispose of gifts, bequests, or devises of services or 
property, both real and personal, for the purpose of aiding or 
facilitating the work of the Commission. Gifts, bequests, or devises of 
money and proceeds from sales of other property received as gifts, 
bequests, or devises shall be deposited in the Treasury and shall be 
available for disbursement upon order of the Chairperson.
    (f) Mails.--The Commission may use the United States mails in the 
same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and 
agencies of the United States.
    (g) Administrative Support Services.--Upon the request of the 
Commission, the Administrator of General Services shall provide to the 
Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the administrative support 
services necessary for the Commission to carry out its responsibilities 
under this Act.

SEC. 7. STAFF.

    (a) Staff.--The Commission may appoint and fix the pay of such 
personnel as the Commission considers appropriate.
    (b) Staff of Federal Agencies.--Upon request of the Commission, the 
head of any Federal department or agency may detail, on a reimbursable 
basis, any of the personnel of that department or agency to the 
Commission to assist the Commission in carrying out its duties under 
this Act.
    (c) Experts and Consultants.--The Commission may procure temporary 
and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United 
States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the daily 
equivalent of the maximum annual rate of basic pay for GS-15 of the 
General Schedule.

SEC. 8. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

    There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act 
$2,500,000.

SEC. 9. TERMINATION.

    The Commission shall terminate on the 180th day following the date 
of transmittal of the final report required under section 5(c). All 
records and papers of the Commission shall thereupon be delivered to 
the Administrator of General Services for deposit in the National 
Archives.