Write a summary based on this article:

Video: Jewish News One 
  
 Few people are indifferent when it comes to cheese. It is seen as either the perfect example of artisanal food or as a strange, smelly dairy product best avoided unless it's topping a pizza or hamburger. 
  
 Of course, it’s not really that simple. Cheese has been an important source of protein for centuries. It has a long shelf life and can be produced indefinitely if you have a healthy, milk-producing animal. Where cows aren't readily available, goat's milk is a typical substitute. 
  
 However, the world's most expensive and unusual cheese comes from neither cows nor goats. 
  
 Pule cheese (pronounced pullay) is made only in Serbia and fetches the highest price of any cheese on Earth. In 2012, a batch of pule was sold for the “discounted” price of $576 per pound. On the open market, gourmands can expect to pay well over $1,000 per pound. The milk used to make this cheese comes from a very unusual source: the endangered Balkan donkey. 
  
 The process of producing pule is what makes it literally worth its weight in gold. For starters, there are no automated milking machines for donkeys. The animals have to be milked by hand three times per day. They also produce a very small amount of milk; it takes more than 15 donkeys to yield 1 gallon of milk per day, and roughly 3.5 gallons of milk make 1 pound of pule. 
  
 The story behind pule's spike in popularity goes beyond its source. A rumor involving one of Serbia's most famous sons earned the little-known cheese plenty of media buzz in 2012. Tennis star Novak Djokovic was said to have used his tournament winnings to purchase the entire supply of pule — a rumor that later turned out to be false. 
  
 The world's supply of pule comes from a herd of Balkan donkeys that live on the Zasavica Special Nature Preserve. Once extensively used as pack animals by rural Serbs, the domesticated donkeys were replaced with modern modes of hauling and slaughtered or turned out during tough economic times. Today, workers at the Zasavica preserve see pule production as a way to promote the conservation of the endangered species. 
  
 In addition to cheese, donkey's milk is also an ingredient in beauty products. Ancient Egyptian queen Cleopatra is famously said to have used the milk as a skin treatment. 
  
 So how exactly does pule taste? A crumbly white cheese, it is known for its intense flavor and natural saltiness. It will likely appeal to cheese aficionados, but for others, a block of cheddar or Swiss from the local supermarket is probably money better spent. 
  
 Related stories on MNN: ||||| Photo 
  
 Donkey cheese is irresistible, or at least articles about it are. A week ago, several British newspapers, notably The Daily Telegraph and The Daily Mail, reported that Novak Djokovic, the top-ranked men’s tennis player, had bought the entire world supply of pule, a Serbian donkey cheese, for his restaurants. 
  
 The cheese, produced on a lone farm on Zasavica, a nature reserve west of Belgrade, had already made a small splash for its exorbitant price. At 1,000 euros per kilo, or about $600 per pound, it seemed to have inched past moose cheese to top the list of the world’s most expensive cheeses. 
  
 Now it was poised for stardom, lofted skyward by Mr. Djokovic’s golden racket. On Sunday, it made an appearance on the NPR quiz show, “Wait Wait … Don’t Tell Me!” It was offered as the one true story among three wildly improbably choices. 
  
 One problem. Mr. Djokovic has never bought so much as a gram of pule. 
  
 Responding to a series of e-mail questions about pule, Jovan Vukadinovic, a manager at Zasavica, concluded with a rather deflating piece of information. “Novak Djokovic never bought our cheese,” he wrote. 
  
 What happened, he explained, was this: Slobodan Simic, the farm’s donkey breeder, left a sample of the cheese with the manager of Mr. Djokovic’s restaurant in Belgrade, offering to let the restaurant have an exclusive on the product. He still awaits a reply. “That is the only truth, and the rest are made up by journalists,” Mr. Vukadinovic wrote. 
  
 The Daily Mail, hot on the trail of pule, sent a reporter named Robert Hardman to Serbia for a tasting. When he discovered that the Djokovic story was shaky, he buried the bad news deep in the story and swathed it in a few layers of obfuscation, suggesting that Mr. Simic is now “waiting to clinch the deal.” 
  
 The waiting seems more likely than the clinching. 
  
 But if Mr. Djokovic does want to corner the donkey-cheese market, the farm plans to produce 100 kilos of it next year. That would set Mr. Djokovic back about $132,000, or about two serves and a cross-court return. 
  
 About the cheese. Pule, which means “foal” in Serbo-Croatian, made its international debut in September at the annual cheese show in Frome, Somerset. Connoisseurs scratched their heads. The Balkan asses that produce the milk are traditional, but the cheese itself is new, an idea hatched by Mr. Simic as a way of bringing attention to his donkeys. He supplies the milk, and Stevo Marinkovic, a cheesemaker at Beocapra, a nearby goat farm and dairy, makes the cheese. 
  
 Charles Campion, a British food writer who sampled pule at the show, described it as tasting not unlike a Spanish manchego, but with “a fusty-musty flavor.” 
  
 A quick survey of cheese shops, markets, cheese publications and Serbian restaurants in the United States and abroad uncovered a knowledge deficit. Rare was the expert who had even heard of donkey cheese, much less tasted it, with the notable exception of Roland Barthélemy, the president of the International Cheese Guild. 
  
 We reached out to Greg O’Neil, an owner of Pastoral, a specialty cheese shop in Chicago, which has the largest Serbian population in the United States. “We have never been asked for it, and I’m not sure if it’s salable in the U.S.,” he said. 
  
 “I’ve eaten yak cheese from Mongolia,” he added, helpfully. “Very gamy.” 
  
 Most of those who were queried either fell silent or laughed in disbelief. One or two knew of it by hearsay. “It’s kitschy, expensive and Eastern European,” said Julia Lowry, a cheesemonger at Cowgirl Creamery in San Francisco. 
  
 At City Fresh Market in Chicago, Danny Kovacevic and his brother, Ray, specialize in Eastern European foods. They have feta cheeses in all varieties. They have kaymak, a soft cheese sold salted and unsalted. They do not have donkey cheese. 
  
 “Back home, from Montenegro all the way down the Dalmatian coast, people drank the milk,” Danny Kovacevic said. “It was a home remedy, especially for kids with bronchitis. I have an 86-year-old aunt who drank it. But cheese?” His voice trailed off. 
  
 Well, there’s cheese now. And Mr. Simic is said to be working on a line of donkey-milk liqueurs. ||||| “Well and what’s cheese? Corpse of milk,” said James Joyce. Cheese is probably the most popular dairy product in the world and there are a lot of “corpses of milk” around: some of which are rare and incredibly expensive. 
  
 Here are the 5 highest priced cheeses in the world. 
  
 5. Caciocavallo Podolico – 70 euro/kg; US $42/pound 
  
 This cheese, meaning “Horse Cheese,” is traditional and very popular in the south of Italy. It is not made from horse’s milk, rather its name originates from the fact that in the past, it was hung from horses so it could be transported during curing. Caciocavallo has a pear shape and a creamy white filling. It comes from the milk of a rare Italian breed of cow (only 25,000 exist) called the Podolica, which only lactates from May to June. 
  
 4. Bitto storico – 245 euro/kg; US $150/pound 
  
 This rare Italian cheese is aged and prestigious: the oldest block is from 1996 and is stored in the Sanctuary of Bitto, in Gerola Alta, where the cheese is produced. A whole cheese aged 16 years and weighing 20 kg (44 pounds) was sold to ProFood Hong Kong, which will distribute small portions of the cheese to several resellers all around China. 
  
 3. Moose Cheese – Over 500/kg; US $300/pound 
  
 Produced in Sweden by the Moose House, this cheese is made only from the milk of Gullan, Haelga, and Juno. These three cows were abandoned by their mother and adopted by the Johannson family. Moose only lactate from May to September and require the most tender of handling during milking since disturbances can cause the animals to get flustered and dry-up. Each animal produces about 5 liters (1.3 gallons) of milk per day, so each year the farm can only offer 300 kg (660 pounds) of cheese. The cheese contains 12 percent fat and 12 percent protein. 
  
 2. White Stilton Gold – 700 euro/kg ; US $420/pound 
  
 One of the few British cheeses labeled PDO (Protected Denomination Origin), White Stilton Gold is made by Clawson, the producer of White and Blue Stilton. Stilton is called ‘The King” of British cheeses and only six creameries in the world are allowed to make it. The White Gold, suitable for dessert, is as creamy as the plain White, with the difference that it is crumbly—and it contains real gold. 
  
 1. Pule (or “donkey’s pet” in Serbian) – 1,000 euro/kg; US $600/pound 
  
 Only available on demand, this unique cheese strengthens the immune system, since it is low in fats and rich in vitamins and proteins. It is made of smoked donkey’s milk, and is produced only in the Balkans by Zasavica Special Nature Reserve, home to a hundred donkeys. They affirm that the high price is due to the amount of milk required to make 1 kg of cheese: 25 liters (3 gallons to make 1 pound). Female donkeys are milked manually, since there are no suitable machines to do the job. ||||| Slobodan Simić lounged on the crude wooden bench in Zasavica Special Nature Reserve’s dining room like the caterpillar from Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland, holding court and puffing on the quarter-bent Calabash-style briar pipe that dangled delicately from his teeth. Tanned creases ran down his face like tributaries, and his eyes sparkled with mischief. 
  
 “Rakia?” he said, offering me a shot of the strong Balkan brandy that is often drunk in the morning, even before coffee. 
  
 “Ne, hvala,” I replied, shaking my head and thanking him. Instead, I accepted a cup of thick Turkish coffee accompanied by a shot glass of donkey milk from Zasavica’s herd. It was my first time tasting the sweet milk; I was even more eager to try the donkey cheese, a delicacy I’d learned about a few years back when rumours swirled that Serbian tennis ace Novak Djokovic was buying up their entire stock for his restaurants. Although the rumours were untrue, they brought global attention to Zasavica – and Serbia. 
  
 Despite being a nature lover, Simić never set out to create a farm. Twenty years ago, the former MP-turned-conservationist remembered that he’d heard about some wetlands in west-central Serbia. His ex-wife’s parents, who lived in a nearby village, took him to see them. 
  
 “I fell in love immediately,” he said. 
  
 Zasavica, named after the river that runs through it, is located just 90km northwest of Belgrade, but the 1,825-hectare area was virtually undiscovered. The place is ripe for bird watching, and in the summer, hues are so vibrant they seem otherworldly. With the help of his political contacts, Simić transformed the wild marshland into a nature reserve in 1997. 
  
 Three years later, Simić was at a fair in the nearby town of Ruma and saw some abused Balkan donkeys. No longer needed for work or transportation, they’d been beaten and were in bad shape. He had the idea to rescue them and bring them to Zasavica. Today, 180 Balkan donkeys, smaller than most donkeys and marked with crosses on their backs, roam the verdant marshland. Other native animals were added, including the Mangalica, related to the Hungarian “curly pig”, and the Podolian cow, originating from the European wild cow. Beavers were also reintroduced to the area. 
  
 “We lost contact with animals, and we need that contact,” Simić said. 
  
 But I’d come for the donkeys. More specifically, for the donkey milk cheese, which is the most expensive cheese in the world due to the extremely low milk yield of the magarica (female donkey): just 300 millilitres per day. Rich in vitamins and minerals, donkey milk is believed to slow down the ageing process and has been used as an immunity booster in the Balkans since ancient times. Cleopatra allegedly even bathed in it. It is also purported to boost virility. 
  
 “If you drink our milk, you can even sleep with your own wife,” joked Simić, who has been married three times. 
  
 Simić had the notion to produce donkey milk cheese a few years ago. 
  
 “He is full of crazy ideas, but he is always right,” said farm manager Jovan Vukadinović, a formidable former traffic police chief with a near-white moustache that resembled a bristle brush. 
  
 No one had produced cheese from donkey milk before, and it took some experimentation. Stevan Marinković, a dairy technologist, was brought in to consult. Donkey milk doesn’t have enough casein to make cheese, so he compensated by adding goat milk to the mix. The winning formula, which Marinković is in the process of patenting, turned out to be 60% donkey milk and 40% goat milk. 
  
 But despite there being no established rules for donkey milk (or donkey milk cheese) in Serbia, concerns arose over the use of unpasteurized milk, and Zasavica was forced to stop factory production of the cheese. 
  
 In the meantime, until official regulations are determined, local cheese makers Zoran Nedić, Momčilo Budimirović and his assistant, Milena, are producing small amounts of donkey cheese with milk pasteurized at low levels for Zasavica in a room adjacent to Budimirović’s kitchen in the nearby village of Glušci. 
  
 I sat at Budimirović’s dining table with Nedić, Vukadinović and Simić, who were chatting in rapid Serbian. Domaće crno vino (domestic red wine) and a wedge of white cheese were on the table. 
  
 “Is this donkey cheese?” I asked. Vukadinović shook his head. “Goat cheese, so you can taste the difference.” It was tangy and crumbly, with a dark kora od hrast (oak bark) rind. 
  
 Then, without much ceremony, Budimirović brought out a much smaller bell-shaped chunk of magareći sir (donkey cheese). It had a yellowish tinge, and was less crumbly than the goat cheese. This piece, the size of a cupcake, would sell for 50 euros, I was told. Nedić cut me a slice. Its flavour was sweet, clean and mild, unlike any cheese I had ever tasted. 
  
 We headed to the cheese room to see how it was made. That day, the trio of cheese makers were crafting goat cheese, but they explained donkey cheese is essentially made the same way – although the exact method is a secret. Rennet is added to the milk to help it coagulate, and the curds are strained and hand packed into moulds. The cheese stays in the mould for 24 hours, then it is removed and refrigerated in a large trailer cooler in Budimirović’s yard. 
  
 This media cannot be played on your device. 
  
 Zasavica also sells donkey milk cosmetics, such as donkey milk soap and anti-ageing face creams, which contain essential fatty acids and high levels of vitamin A; and donkey milk liqueur that tastes like milky Limoncello. 
  
 The reserve, which has been supported by international grants, is working to become self-sustaining. Selling animal products is part of that plan, as is camping: Zasavica was rated among the 100 best campsites in Europe in 2013 and 2014. 
  
 We made something in the middle of the nothing 
  
 “We made something in the middle of the nothing,” Vukadinović said. “We always have to find new ways to survive. It’s easy when they say ‘sustainable tourism’, but it’s not easy. We want to be the best. We know we can’t change the world, we can’t change Serbia, but we always want to do just a little better than normal. That is our mission.” 
  
 Just before I left, Vukadinović and I took a walk through the reserve. Donkeys grazed on shrubbery and frolicked in the grass. They nuzzled, cleaned each other and nursed. A grey donkey ambled toward me. 
  
 “She’s pregnant,” Vukadinović said. “A magarica can be pregnant for more than a year.” 
  
 I reached out and rubbed her forehead, fingering her coarse hair. She nuzzled my hand and leaned her body into mine. When we turned to leave she followed me, nudging for more attention. 
  
 “They are very intelligent and social,” Vukadinović said. He bent down and hugged her neck. “This is very good for the stress.” 
  
 We sat down at a picnic table for lunch. Sun illuminated the flat landscape, highlighting various shades of green – moss, pine, fern ­­– against a clear blue sky. Frogs sang. A stork soared overhead, landing on her nest atop Zasavica’s 18m-high watchtower. 
  
 Vukadinović brought out a plate of cured meats: Mangalica sausage, speck and donkey sausage. I cringed a little. “Try it,” he urged, gesturing to the donkey sausage. 
  
 This was one of their products I had not planned to sample. “How do you choose which donkeys are made into sausage?” I said. He explained that male donkeys sometimes become interested in their daughters, and then “it’s sausage time for them.” 
  
 I speared a mottled slice with a toothpick. The fatty meat was tough and slightly gamey. Even eating an incestuous donkey felt wrong after communing with these gentle creatures – but Zasavica embraces the cycle of life, replete with its imperfections. 
  
 Here you can go back to a way of living that has all but disappeared, when people cured their own meats and made their own cheese. You can experience virgin nature. You can believe, even for a moment, the local legend: on this land there was too much sun from Christ, which forever marked the Balkan donkey with a cross pattern on its coat, running down its spine. 
  
 If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday. |||||

Summary: