Article:
Vanita Gupta, the acting head of the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division, said it’s “for the city and the community in Ferguson to decide what they want” to happen with the police force there. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post) 
  
 A team of Justice Department civil rights lawyers is planning to travel to Ferguson, Mo., in the coming weeks to meet with residents and help decide whether to reform the police department or disband it and replace it with a regional force, according to the head of the department’s civil rights division. 
  
 In her first wide-ranging interview since taking over the civil rights division last fall, acting Assistant Attorney General Vanita Gupta said that her lawyers want to ensure that the systemic racial bias and constitutional violations identified in the scathing Justice report on the Ferguson Police Department “don’t continue for a day longer than they should.” 
  
 “What kind of police department do Ferguson residents want?” said Gupta, a longtime civil rights lawyer and former deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union. “All of the options are on the table. And now, we’re going to roll up our sleeves and figure out, ‘what does this look like?’ Some of what has happened in the last week really demonstrates the urgency of putting together an agreement.” 
  
 Last week, Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson said he will resign Thursday. The announcement came a day after Ferguson’s city manager resigned and two days after the city’s top municipal court judge also stepped aside. Shortly after Ferguson’s mayor announced Jackson’s resignation, two police officers were shot outside the police department. 
  
 Jeffrey Williams, 20, was arrested late Saturday and charged in the shooting. During a brief public appearance Monday at the St. Louis county courthouse, Williams told the judge he would seek private counsel and not use a public defender, according to Stephen Reynolds, who is the chief public defender in St. Louis County. 
  
 Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson said last week that he would step down March 19 shortly after the city’s manager resigned and two days after the city’s top municipal court judge also stepped aside. (Scott Olson/Getty) 
  
 Williams had previously been on probation in relation to a felony charge of receiving stolen property. 
  
 On Monday morning, a woman who identified herself as Williams’s grandmother answered the door at the address listed as his home in court documents. She said Williams, who has two small children and a third on the way, did not graduate high school and did not have a steady job. 
  
 She said she last saw him on Friday and was concerned when she saw red marks across his face in his mug shot. 
  
 “The police beat him up,” she said, repeating an assertion made by a pastor and protest organizer who said he spoke with Williams. St. Louis County police have denied that Williams was beaten. 
  
 Williams’s grandmother said she was struggling to figure out how her grandson could have been accused of the shooting. “We raised him right.” 
  
 Gupta said the Justice Department “will flood the community in an intense way to make sure that we understand and are hearing from law enforcement leaders and line officers, city officials, and the community. 
  
 “Frankly, it isn’t for the Justice Department to decide what this looks like,” she said. “It’s for the city and the community in Ferguson to decide what they want. We think this could be done in a matter of months, but it depends on the ability of the city to engage with us in a serious way.” 
  
 Demonstrators argue during a protest outside the Ferguson, Mo. police station on March 15, the day the St. Louis County prosecutor announced that Jeffrey Williams was arrested for the shooting of two police officers who were working during a protest last week. (Scott Olson/Getty) 
  
 If the Justice Department does not come to an agreement with the city of Ferguson about the future of the police department, it can sue to force change, as it has in other cases. 
  
 Gupta, only five months into the job, is well positioned to help lead negotiations with Ferguson city officials, a process that began after the fatal shooting in August of Michael Brown, an unarmed African American man, by a white Ferguson police officer. 
  
 The youngest of two daughters of Indian parents who immigrated to the United States in the late 1960s, Gupta has devoted her career to civil rights issues and criminal justice reform. She grew up in Philadelphia and went to Yale University, where she was co-chair of the Women’s Center and was also involved in labor and immigrant rights issues. (Her husband is the legal director of the D.C. Legal Aid Society.) 
  
 After graduating from New York University Law School, her first legal case for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund was an effort to win the release of 38 defendants in Tulia, Tex., whose drug convictions and long sentences were discredited by her legal team. Gov. Rick Perry in 2003 pardoned all of the defendants, and Gupta helped negotiate a $6 million settlement for the defendants. 
  
 Later, at the ACLU, she won a landmark settlement with the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency on behalf of immigrant children detained at T. Don Hutto, a privately run detention center in Taylor, Tex., which ended “family detention” at the facility. On the wall of Gupta’s Justice Department office overlooking Pennsylvania Avenue are four pictures drawn by immigrant children she represented while they were held inside the Texas facility. 
  
 Her work in criminal justice reform has attracted, as she said, “unusual bedfellows.” Both Grover Norquist, the president of Americans for Tax Reform, and David Keene, former president of the National Rifle Association, have praised Gupta, reflecting both her effort to listen to all sides and also a common ground that both liberals and conservatives are finding on issues such as prison reform. 
  
 Gupta, the mother of two young boys, is overseeing many other kinds of civil rights cases, including litigation on voting rights and on LGBT rights. 
  
 But the effort to reform Ferguson is getting the most attention, overshadowing even the division’s work to reform more than 20 other police departments in places such as Albuquerque, N.M.; East Haven, Conn.; Cleveland; and New Orleans. 
  
 “With the report on Ferguson,” said Gupta, “we’ve been able to paint a broader picture of what’s happening in this town’s criminal justice system that resonates with a lot of communities of color in the way that they experience courts and police around the country.” 
  
 Robert Samuels in Ferguson, Mo., contributed to this report. ||||| St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch conducts a news conference as Sunday, March 15, 2015, in Clayton, Mo. McCulloch said 20-year-old Jeffrey Williams has been charged with two counts of first-degree... (Associated Press) 
  
 CLAYTON, Mo. (AP) — A man accused of shooting two officers last week in Ferguson was not targeting police or aiming at demonstrators at a late-night protest, his attorney said as he countered an earlier police description of the crime. 
  
 Defense attorney Jerryl Christmas also suggested Monday that St. Louis County police may have used excessive force when arresting the suspect, Jeffrey Williams, saying his client had bruises on his back, shoulders and face and a knot on his head. 
  
 Police spokesman Brian Schellman called the lawyer's allegations "completely false," adding that Williams was seen by a nurse when booked into the county jail, standard procedure for all incoming inmates. 
  
 "The nurse released Williams as fit for confinement," he said. 
  
 Williams is accused of shooting the two officers early Thursday outside Ferguson's police station, which has been the scene of protests since last summer's fatal shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown. 
  
 Williams, 20, appeared in court Monday, one day after his arrest on charges of felony assault, armed criminal action and a weapons offense. His case was continued until March 31. Christmas did not appear at the brief hearing and said he first spoke with his client late Monday afternoon. 
  
 "This wasn't any type of ambush shooting," Christmas said in an interview with The Associated Press, countering an earlier description by St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar of the March 12 shooting outside Ferguson police headquarters. "Those officers were shot accidentally." 
  
 Williams told investigators he was not targeting law enforcement and had been aiming instead at someone with whom he had a dispute, authorities said. But that assertion was met with skepticism by St. Louis County Prosecutor Robert McCulloch. 
  
 "We're not sure we completely buy that part of it," the prosecutor said Sunday. 
  
 Christmas said he wasn't aware of any details regarding a possible dispute that could have preceded the shooting. 
  
 The shooting happened as a demonstration began to break up. The protest followed the resignation of city Police Chief Tom Jackson in the wake of a Justice Department report that found widespread racial bias in the city's police practices. 
  
 Christmas said his client was not a regular participant in Ferguson demonstrations, echoing statements by protest leaders who said they did not recognize Williams as one of their own. 
  
 "That little strip has become the hang-out spot," Christmas said, noting that the area has attracted people besides demonstrators. 
  
 Williams is jailed on $300,000 bond. Christmas said his client is unemployed and expecting a child with his girlfriend. 
  
 On Monday, no one answered the door of the north St. Louis County home Williams listed as his address on court records, and several neighbors said they did not know him. The home is about 5 miles northeast of the Ferguson Police Department. 
  
 According to 2014 county court records, Williams lived in nearby Jennings, which borders Ferguson. No one answered the door there either. 
  
 Online state court records show a man by the name of Jeffrey Williams at the address police provided Sunday was charged in 2013 with receiving stolen property and fraudulent use of a credit/debit device. 
  
 Belmar had said the two officers easily could have been killed. A 41-year-old St. Louis County officer was shot in the right shoulder, the bullet exiting through his back. A 32-year-old officer from Webster Groves was shot in the right cheek, just below the eye, and the bullet lodged behind his ear. 
  
 The officers were released from the hospital hours after the attack. 
  
 The Ferguson Police Department has been a national focal point since Brown, who was black and unarmed, was killed by police officer Darren Wilson, who is white. A grand jury declined to indict Wilson in November, and Wilson was cleared of civil rights charges by a Justice Department report released March 4. Wilson resigned in November. 
  
 A separate Justice Department report found widespread racial bias in the city's policing and in a municipal court system driven by profit extracted from mostly black and low-income residents. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Jim Salter in St. Louis and Heather Hollingsworth in Kansas City, Missouri, contributed to this report. ||||| That's how police are responding to allegations that they beat the man arrested for shooting two police officers during protests in Ferguson, Missouri, last week. 
  
 Jeffrey Williams, 20, has been charged with two counts of first-degree assault, a count of firing a weapon from a vehicle and three counts of armed criminal activity. 
  
 Police have said he admitted to firing the shots that struck the officers. But Williams' lawyer says he has little confidence in such statements. 
  
 "He's scared. You know, this has been pretty traumatic for him," attorney Jerryl Christmas said about his client on Monday. 
  
 "One thing that is clear is that he has a large amount of bruising on his body that I noticed that I'm very concerned about. It appears that whatever statements he made, he was without the advice of counsel, and when I look at the bruising, it's hard for me assess if these were voluntary statements that he made." 
  
 Christmas told CNN that Williams has bruising across his back, and a knot on his head. 
  
 "He said he was bruised by the police when he was taken into custody. And he was in a lot of pain when he was being questioned," Christmas said. "They used a lot of force on him." 
  
 Police deny the accusation. 
  
 "With regard to the allegations that Jeffrey Williams was 'beaten' by police, the St. Louis County Police Department calls these allegations completely false," Sgt. Brian Schellman said in a statement. "Immediately following the arrest, arresting officers transported Williams to St. Louis County Police Headquarters where he was interviewed by Crimes Against Persons Detectives. This entire interview was video and audio recorded." 
  
 Schellman also said that Williams was seen by a nurse, who released Williams as "fit for confinement." 
  
 Williams is being held on a cash-only $300,000 bond, according to St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCulloch, who said it's possible Williams could face more charges and that others could be charged in the case. 
  
 Photos: The art of Ferguson Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Elaborate and inspirational murals have emerged on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri. You can find these artistic murals if you walk along the two main avenues in the town where rioters and looters ravaged many businesses and storefronts in the hours after a grand jury refused to indicted officer Darren Wilson for the shooting death of Michael Brown. Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Ferguson resident Darcy Edwin spent hours meticulously painting this mural titled "We Are Family." She said it was simply an effort to make things a little better in her hometown. Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – The New Chinese Gourmet restaurant is open but in the mayhem of protests, the restaurants windows were smashed out. An artist turned the plywood sheets into a canvas to bring people together. Hide Caption 3 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Prayer and healing is a constant theme in many of the artistic murals that have popped up in the past few days across Ferguson. Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Many of the businesses near the Ferguson Police Department were damaged in the first wave of violent protests after the grand jury announced its decision not to indict Darren Wilson. Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Many of the artists who turned out to paint these murals didn't like the idea of seeing Ferguson's quaint strip of storefronts marred by large sheets of drab plywood covering windows. Hide Caption 6 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Some of the murals have an innocent, child-like feel to them. Ferguson Mayor James Knowles says he'd like to see the murals preserved but there isn't a formal plan to do so yet. Hide Caption 7 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Love and peace are also popular themes in many of the murals. Hide Caption 8 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – This mural has inspired the popular hashtag #handsupletspray and is seen on several sheets of plywood on various storefronts along South Florissant Avenue. Hide Caption 9 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Many of these murals started to spring up around the Thanksgiving holiday. It was not an organized effort. Painters wanted to bring beauty to a depressing situation. Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Inspirational messages can be found on most of the murals. The painter of this mural was inspired by Mahatma Gandhi. Hide Caption 11 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – Many of the murals are large. This painting covers four large sheets of plywood on a storefront just up the street from the Ferguson Police Department. Hide Caption 12 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – In the coming days, many store front windows will be repaired and these murals will start to come down. Many people hope the artistic murals should be preserved as part of the city's history. Hide Caption 13 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – This is one of the more elaborate murals left on the plywood windows of a Ferguson hardware store. "Darkness cannot drive out darkness. Hate cannot drive out hate. Only light, only love." Hide Caption 14 of 15 Photos: The art of Ferguson The art of Ferguson – The artists brought bright colors and elaborate designs to these murals. Hide Caption 15 of 15 
  
 The prosecutor thanked the public for the information that led to the arrest. He said police served a search warrant on Williams' residence where they seized a .40-caliber handgun, "which has been tied to the shell casings that were recovered" at the scene of the shooting. 
  
 One element of the case that authorities have yet to sort out is intent, McCulloch said, adding that Williams has acknowledged firing the shots but has said he wasn't aiming at the police officers. 
  
 Investigators are not sure they "buy" Williams' claim that he opened fire after a dispute with other individuals, McCulloch said, but he didn't rule it out. 
  
 After speaking to his client, Christmas said that it's clear to him there was no intent to target police. 
  
 For more than 200 days, protests have taken place in Ferguson since the August shooting death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown. Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson was not indicted. 
  
 According to his attorney, Williams was not part of the protest community, and does not have a history of violence. 
  
 "I clearly think that we don't have the right person in custody," Christmas said. |||||Summary: