Question: Information:  - BBC Radio 4 is a radio station owned and operated by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) that broadcasts a wide variety of spoken-word programmes including news, drama, comedy, science and history. It replaced the BBC Home Service in 1967. The station controller is Gwyneth Williams; and the station is part of BBC Radio and the "BBC Radio" department. The station is broadcast from the BBC's headquarters at Broadcasting House, London.  - Never Mind the Buzzcocks is a British comedy panel game show with a pop music theme which aired between 1996 and 2015. It first starred Phill Jupitus and Sean Hughes as team captains, with Hughes being replaced by Bill Bailey from the eleventh series, and Bailey replaced by Noel Fielding from series 21 onward. The show was produced by Talkback for the BBC, and was usually aired on BBC Two. The title plays on the names of punk rock band Sex Pistols' "Never Mind the Bollocks" album, and the punk band Buzzcocks. The series was first hosted by Mark Lamarr, then by Simon Amstell, and later by a number of guest presenters, with Rhod Gilbert hosting the final series.  - BBC Choice was a BBC TV station which launched on 23 September 1998 and closed on 28 February 2003. It was the first British TV channel to broadcast exclusively in digital format, as well as the BBC's second non-terrestrial channel launch (following on from the BBC News channel in 1997).  - Dara Ó Briain (born 4 February 1972) is an Irish comedian and television presenter in the United Kingdom and Ireland. He is noted for hosting topical panel shows such as "Mock the Week", "The Panel", and "". His TV work also includes starring in and writing of television comedy and documentary series. Ó Briain has also been a newspaper columnist, with pieces published in national papers in both Britain and Ireland.  - The Keith Barret Show is a spoof BBC chat show hosted by Keith Barret (Rob Brydon) who interviews celebrity couples in the hope of finding the secret to a successful marriage (though in fact many of his interviewee couples were not married; see below). It was devised by Paul Duddridge and co written with Rob Brydon. In each programme, there are a selection of clips from venues such as speed dating or interviews with relationship experts.  - Alan Roger Davies (; born 6 March 1966) is an English stand-up comedian, writer and actor. He has played the title role in the BBC mystery drama series "Jonathan Creek" since 1997, and has been a permanent panellist on the BBC panel show "QI" from 2003.  - Stephen John Fry (born 24 August 1957) is an English comedian, actor, writer, presenter, and activist. After a troubled childhood and adolescence, during which he was expelled from two schools and spent three months in prison for credit card fraud, Fry secured a place at Queens' College, Cambridge, where he studied English literature. While at university, he became involved with the Cambridge Footlights, where he met his long-time collaborator Hugh Laurie. As half of the comic double act Fry and Laurie, he co-wrote and co-starred in "A Bit of Fry & Laurie" and also took the role of Jeeves (with Laurie playing Wooster) in "Jeeves and Wooster".  - BBC Two is the second television channel operated by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and Channel Islands. It covers a wide range of subject matter, but tending towards more "highbrow" programmes than the more mainstream and popular BBC One. Like the BBC's other domestic TV and radio channels, it is funded by the television licence, and is therefore commercial-free. It is a comparatively well-funded public service network, regularly attaining a much higher audience share than most public service networks worldwide.  - The News Quiz is a British topical panel game broadcast on BBC Radio 4.  - Marion and Geoff is a BBC television mockumentary, produced by Baby Cow Productions and screened on BBC Two in 2000, with a second series following in 2003. The series starred Rob Brydon as Keith Barret, a naïve taxi driver going through a messy divorce from his wife, Marion, who, though he fails to realise it, has had a long-standing affair with her colleague, Geoff. Each episode is presented as a monologue, filmed by a fixed camera in the confines of his cab.  - Peter Hugh Dennis (born 13 February 1962) is an English comedian, actor, writer, impressionist and voice-over artist, best known for being one half of Punt and Dennis with comedy partner Steve Punt, and playing Pete Brockman, the father in the BBC One sitcom "Outnumbered". Since 2005, Dennis has been a regular panellist on the BBC Two satirical comedy show "Mock the Week".  - A writer is a person who uses written words in various styles and techniques to communicate their ideas. Writers produce various forms of literary art and creative writing such as novels, short stories, poetry, plays, screenplays, and essays as well as various reports and news articles that may be of interest to the public. Writers' texts are published across a range of media. Skilled writers who are able to use language to express ideas well often contribute significantly to the cultural content of a society. The word is also used elsewhere in the arts  such as songwriter  but as a standalone term, "writer" normally refers to the creation of written language. Some writers work from an oral tradition.  - Phillip Christopher Jupitus (born 25 June 1962) is an English stand-up and improv comedian, actor, performance poet, cartoonist and podcaster. Jupitus was a team captain on BBC Two's popular music quiz "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" from its inception in 1996 until its end in 2015, and also appears regularly as a guest on several other panel shows, including "QI" and BBC Radio 4's "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue".  - In a modern sense, comedy (from the , "kmidía") refers to any discourse or work generally intended to be humorous or amusing by inducing laughter, especially in theatre, television, film, and stand-up comedy. The origins of the term are found in Ancient Greece. In the Athenian democracy, the public opinion of voters was influenced by the political satire performed by the comic poets at the theaters. The theatrical genre of Greek comedy can be described as a dramatic performance which pits two groups or societies against each other in an amusing agon or conflict. Northrop Frye depicted these two opposing sides as a "Society of Youth" and a "Society of the Old". A revised view characterizes the essential agon of comedy as a struggle between a relatively powerless youth and the societal conventions that pose obstacles to his hopes. In this struggle, the youth is understood to be constrained by his lack of social authority, and is left with little choice but to take recourse in ruses which engender very dramatic irony which provokes laughter.  - Dan Patterson is a British television producer and writer, responsible for the production of both the British and American incarnations of the improvisation show "Whose Line Is It Anyway?" and the British satirical panel show "Mock the Week" with writing partner Mark Leveson. He has also written for episodes of both shows.  - Mark Lamarr (born Mark Jones, 7 January 1967) is an English comedian, radio DJ, and television presenter.  - The Jam were an English punk rock/mod revival band active during the late 1970s and early 1980s.  - The Sex Pistols were an English punk rock band formed in London in 1975. Although they initially lasted just two and a half years and produced only four singles and one studio album, "Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols", they are considered one of the most influential acts in the history of popular music, having initiated the punk movement in the United Kingdom, and inspired many later punk rock, thrash metal and alternative rock musicians.  - Hat Trick Productions is a British independent production company that produces television programmes, mainly specialising in comedy.  - QI (Quite Interesting) is a British comedy panel game television quiz show created and co-produced by John Lloyd, and features permanent panelist Alan Davies. Stephen Fry was host of the show from its initial pilot, before departing after the final episode of the M series in 2015, with frequent "QI" panelist Sandi Toksvig replacing him prior to the beginning of the N series in 2016. The format of the show focuses on Alan and three other guest panelists answering questions that are extremely obscure, making it unlikely that the correct answer will be given. To compensate, the panelists are awarded points not only for the right answer, but also for interesting ones, regardless of whether they are right or even relate to the original question, while points are deducted for "answers which are not only wrong, but pathetically obvious"  typically answers that are generally believed to be true but in fact are misconceptions  which are known as forfeits that are usually indicated by a loud siren, flashing lights, and the incorrect answer being displayed on screen. Bonus points are sometimes awarded or deducted for challenges or incorrect references, varying from show to show. "QI" has a philosophy that "everything is interesting if looked at in the right way"; many factual errors in the show have been corrected in later episodes or on the show's blog.  - Buzzcocks are an English punk rock band, formed in Bolton, England in 1976 by singer-songwriter-guitarist Pete Shelley and singer-songwriter Howard Devoto. They are regarded as an important influence on the Manchester music scene, the independent record label movement, punk rock, power pop, and indie rock. They achieved commercial success with singles that fused pop craftsmanship with rapid-fire punk energy. These singles were collected on "Singles Going Steady", described by critic Ned Raggett as a "punk masterpiece".  - British comedy, in film, radio and television, is known for its consistently quirky characters, plots and settings, and has produced some of the most famous and memorable comic actors and characters.  - Sandra Birgitte "Sandi" Toksvig OBE (; born 3 May 1958) is a Danish-British comedian, writer, actor, presenter and producer on British radio and television, and political activist.  - A target audience is the intended audience or readership of a publication, advertisement, or other message. In marketing and advertising, it is a particular group of consumers within the predetermined target market, identified as the targets or recipients for a particular advertisement or message. Businesses that have a wide target market will focus on a specific target audience for certain messages to send, such as The Body Shops Mothers Day advertisements, which were aimed at the children and spouses of women, rather than the whole market which would have included the women themselves.  - Simon Marc Amstell (born 29 November 1979) is an English comedian, television presenter, screenwriter, director and actor, best known for his roles as former host of "Popworld", former host of "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" and co-writer and star of the sitcom "Grandma's House".  - Rob Brydon 's Annually Retentive is a British television show , first aired on BBC Three in July 2006 . Devised by Paul Duddridge , it concerns the making of a comedy panel game show called Annually Retentive , themed around historical events , and hosted by Welsh comedian Rob Brydon . The show is deliberately parodic , as Brydon plays a hyper - realised ( and exaggeratedly nasty ) version of himself , while the game show blatantly steals ideas from other , similar shows such as Have I Got News for You , Never Mind the Buzzcocks , Mock the Week and QI .  - Noel Fielding (born 21 May 1973) is an English comedian, writer, actor, artist, and musician. Fielding is best known for playing Vince Noir and numerous other characters, such as Old Gregg, in "The Mighty Boosh", which he co-wrote and co-starred with comedy partner Julian Barratt.   - Mark Robert "Bill" Bailey (born 24 February 1964) is an English comedian, musician, actor, TV and radio presenter and author. Bailey is well known for his role in "Black Books" and for his appearances on "Never Mind the Buzzcocks", "Have I Got News for You", and "QI" as well as his extensive stand-up work.  - BBC Three (stylised as BBC II!) is a British digital publisher and broadcaster operated by the BBC. It launched on 16 February 2016, having previously been a broadcast channel since 9 February 2003. BBC Three was originally intended as a replacement for BBC Choice. The service's remit was to provide "innovative" programming to a target audience of viewers between 16 and 34 years old, leveraging technology as well as new talent.  - Paul Duddridge (born 30 November 1966) is a writer, comedy agent, TV producer and TV presenter.   - Rhodri "Rhod" Paul Gilbert (born 18 October 1968) is a Welsh comedian who was nominated in 2005 for the Perrier Best Newcomer Award. In 2008, he was nominated for the main if.comedy award (as the Edinburgh Comedy Awards were then branded).  - A panel show or panel game is a radio or television game show in which a panel of celebrities participates. Participants may compete with each other, such as on "The News Quiz"; facilitate play by non-celebrity contestants, such as on "Match Game"/"Blankety Blank"; or do both, such as on "Wait Wait Don't Tell Me". The genre can be traced to 1938, when "Information Please" debuted on U.S. radio. The earliest known television panel show is "Play the Game", a charades show in 1946. The modern trend of comedy panel shows can find early roots with "Stop Me If You've Heard This One" in 1939 and "Can You Top This?" in 1940. While panel shows were more popular in the past in the U.S., they are still very common in the United Kingdom.  - Mock the Week is a British topical, satirical celebrity panel show, that was created by Dan Patterson and Mark Leveson, the same people responsible for the comedy game show "Whose Line Is It Anyway?". Performers deliver answers on unexpected subjects on the spur of the momentalthough accusations of scripting have been made by other comedians. It is made by independent production company Angst Productions, and made its debut on BBC Two on 5 June 2005, with the show's theme song being "News of the World" by The Jam. The show has featured a variety of different stand-up performers, some being part of the show for several series as a permanent fixture, with host Dara Ó Briain and comedian Hugh Dennis having appeared in every episode since its debut.  - Music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound and silence, which exist in time. The common elements of music are pitch (which governs melody and harmony), rhythm (and its associated concepts tempo, meter, and articulation), dynamics (loudness and softness), and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture (which are sometimes termed the "color" of a musical sound). Different styles or types of music may emphasize, de-emphasize or omit some of these elements. Music is performed with a vast range of instruments and vocal techniques ranging from singing to rapping; there are solely instrumental pieces, solely vocal pieces (such as songs without instrumental accompaniment) and pieces that combine singing and instruments. The word derives from Greek  ("mousike"; "art of the Muses"). In its most general form, the activities describing music as an art form include the production of works of music (songs, tunes, symphonies, and so on), the criticism of music, the study of the history of music, and the aesthetic examination of music. Ancient Greek and Indian philosophers defined music as tones ordered horizontally as melodies and vertically as harmonies. Common sayings such as "the harmony of the spheres" and "it is music to my ears" point to the notion that music is often ordered and pleasant to listen to. However, 20th-century composer John Cage thought that any sound can be music, saying, for example, "There is no noise, only sound."  - Philosophy (from Greek , "philosophia", literally "love of wisdom") is the study of general and fundamental problems concerning matters such as existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language. The term was probably coined by Pythagoras (c. 570  c. 495 BC). Philosophical methods include questioning, critical discussion, rational argument and systematic presentation. Classic philosophical questions include: Is it possible to know anything and to prove it? What is most real? However, philosophers might also pose more practical and concrete questions such as: Is there a best way to live? Is it better to be just or unjust (if one can get away with it)? Do humans have free will?  - Robert Brydon Jones, MBE (born 3 May 1965), known professionally as Rob Brydon, is a Welsh actor, comedian, radio and television presenter, singer and impressionist. He played Dr Paul Hamilton in the Australian/British comedy series "Supernova", Bryn West in the sitcom" Gavin & Stacey" and Keith Barret in the BBC comedy series "Marion and Geoff" and its spin-off "The Keith Barret Show".  - Punk rock (or simply "punk") is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid 1970s in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as "proto-punk" music, punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands typically use short or fast-paced songs, with hard-edged melodies and singing styles, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produce recordings and distribute them through informal channels.  - Have I Got News for You is a British television panel show produced by Hat Trick Productions for the BBC. It is loosely based on the BBC Radio 4 show "The News Quiz", and has been regularly broadcast since 1990. The show has cultivated a reputation for sailing close to the wind in matters of libel and slander with its topical and satirical remit.    What is the relationship between 'rob brydon's annually retentive' and 'television comedy'?
Answer: