Summarize this article:

© Facebook 
  
 When a Kansas teenager discovered that her guy friend was making more money than she was for the same job, she asked her boss about it - and then got fired. 
  
 Jensen Walcott, 17, was hired at Pizza Studio in Kansas City for $8 an hour. She was thrilled to get the job, especially when she learned that her good friend Jake Reed, also 17, had been hired. Even though Jensen and Jake are the same age, have the same amount of experience, and were hired for the same position, Jake was hired at $8.25 an hour. 
  
 Assuming it was a mistake, Jensen called her new boss. She was put on hold. 
  
 "I was like maybe when I'm on hold right now, she will just offer me $8.25 and everything is gonna be good but... she didn't do that," Jensen told WDAF. 
  
 The manager returned and told Jensen she was fired for discussing wages, which is against policy. Next, she called Jake and fired him. 
  
 "She said you're fired," Jake told WDAF. "Basically just like a 10 second phone call." 
  
 Neither teen had ever been told that discussing wages was against policy. 
  
 © Provided by Seventeen 
  
 Attorney David White told WDAF that the National Labor Relations Board says it's appropriate to discuss wages, which gives White reason to believe that Jensen could reasonably retaliate in court. 
  
 "At face value it appears, that the young lady was terminated because she complained about unequal wages. That's illegal," White told WDAF. "Probably what happened - they're teenagers. They didn't think they'd complain." 
  
 Jensen isn't sure yet if she'll take any official legal action, but she still wants to fully understand why she wasn't given equal pay. 
  
 "They should definitely be ashamed of themselves," she said. 
  
 You might be wondering, why is a quarter such a big deal? 
  
 Well, it's not just Jensen. According to the Institute for Women's Policy Research (IWPR), there was a 21-percent wage gap between full-time male and female workers in 2014. And those numbers are even worse for women of color. Equal pay is a huge issue that affects millions of Americans. You work hard for your money - just as hard (or even harder!) than your male counterparts do. You deserve to be rewarded just the same. ||||| Please enable Javascript to watch this video 
  
 KANSAS CITY, Kan. -- A metro teenager says she was fired from her job, after questioning why she didn’t make as much as her male coworker. The teen was hired at Pizza Studio in the Legends but was fired an hour later after asking her boss about her wage. Friday night, metro lawyers say she could have a pretty big lawsuit on her hands. 
  
 Seventeen-year-old Jensen Walcott was excited for her interview at Pizza Studio in the Legends Outlet Mall, especially after hearing one of her good friends, 17-year-old Jake Reed had just been hired the same day. 
  
 “She sent me a message like omg I have an interview at 3,” Reed said. 
  
 Jensen was interviewed and hired on the spot. 
  
 “She said good news, you got the job,” Jensen said. 
  
 Jensen left immediately and called Jake to share the news, they’d be working together. 
  
 “We were excited. We were super excited.” 
  
 But soon, that excitement turned to confusion after Jake told her, he was making $8.25 an hour. She was hired for $8 an hour. The two are the same age, have the same amount of experience and were hired for the same position. Jensen thought for sure it was just a mix up and called her new boss, asking why her wage differed from Jake’s. The manager put her on hold. 
  
 “I was like maybe when I'm on hold right now, she will just offer me 8.25 and everything is gonna be good but... she didn't do that,” Jensen said. 
  
 The manager got back on the phone and told Jensen she was fired because discussing wages is against its policy. 
  
 “She said you're fired. Basically just like a 10 second phone call,” Reed said. 
  
 Both teens were terminated hours after being hired, for discussing their wages. 
  
 “At any point did they say to you, do not discuss this, it is our policy?” FOX 4’s Megan Brilley asked. 
  
 “No. Not once,” the two teens said. 
  
 “At face value it appears, that the young lady was terminated because she complained about unequal wages. That's illegal,” said attorney David White. 
  
 White says the National Labor Relations Board has given guidance saying you can discuss wages. White believes Jensen may have a claim for retaliation. 
  
 “Probably what happened- they're teenagers. They didn't think they'd complain,” White said. 
  
 On the contrary. Jensen doesn’t know if she will file any official action. She just wants to know, why she wasn’t given the same pay as her friend. 
  
 “They should definitely be ashamed of themselves,” she said. 
  
 FOX 4 did reach out to Pizza Studio. We explained the situation to corporate reps, who said the incident “sounded strange.” The representative said he would get to the bottom of it and call FOX 4 back. He never did. ||||| Only seven years after the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was written into law by Barack Obama, an act named for the woman who wouldn't take pay discrimination lying down, a junior version of the fair-pay queen has risen in Kansas City, Kansas. A teen, a hero, a pay-discrimination advocate before even heading off to college. 
  
 When 17-year-old Jensen Walcott was hired at a pizza spot in her local outlet mall, she was excited to hear that she would be joining her friend Jake Reed on the job, who had been hired on the exact same day. When she and Reed discussed their roles, however, she discovered that Reed had been hired at $8.25 an hour, while Walcott had been hired at $8 an hour. Considering the fact that the pair had the same work experience and are the same age and were hired for the same role, this seemed like a clear case of pay discrimination. So Walcott did something about it. 
  
 The teen called her new manager to ask why it would be that Reed was given a quarter more than she was. Her manager put her on hold and came back to say that she had been fired because "discussing wages is against policy." Reed was given the same treatment. But both teens assert that this policy was never talked about with them before being hired, and it is not illegal to discuss wages. Walcott could technically take legal action in this case, but all she's interested in is some answers. 
  
 The teens: They're doing okay! ||||| Editor’s note: After publishing this piece, we received the following communication from Ashleigh Siefker, Executive Director of Operations at Pizza Studio: 
  
 “Pizza Studio has fully investigated the incident and we want to be clear that gender did not play a role in determination of either salary, nor for any Pizza Studio employee. […] After an in-depth review, we are confident this instance was not one of gender-bias but rather a failure to assign the correct salary and a misunderstanding of our company policies by one of our employees; it should be noted the manager in communication with Miss Walcott is also a female. Pizza Studio did not agree however with how the manager handled the situation. We pride ourselves with treating our employees and guests with respect and open communication at all times. We have extended a formal apology to both Miss Walcott and Mr. Reed and have parted ways with the responsible manager in the best interest of all parties involved. We plan to use this experience to better improve our hiring procedures and policies moving forward.” 
  
 *** 
  
 Wage inequality between men and women rears its ugly head again, this time for a Kansas teen that discovered her male friend was making more money than she was for the same job. When she questioned what she thought was an innocent mistake, her manager fired her. 
  
 Jensen Walcott, 17, began her job at Pizza Studio for $8 an hour, excited to finally land a summer job. She was also delighted when she learned that her good friend Jake Reed, also 17, would be working with her. That is, until she learned that even with the exact same experience and skill set, he was hired at $8.25 an hour. 
  
 When she asked her manager to fix the problem, her manager fired her and Jake for discussing wages, apparently against policy for Pizza Studio. This does not, however, address the question of why they were paid unequal wages in the first place. 
  
 According to the National Labor Relations Board, it’s entirely appropriate for employees to discuss wages. And despite the passage of the Equal Pay Act of 1963, which requires that men and women in the same work place be given equal pay for equal work, the “gender gap” in pay continues to this day. According to the Institute for Women’s Policy Research (IWPR), there was a 21-percent wage gap between full-time male and female workers in 2014. The pay gap is even greater for African-American and Latina women, with African-American women earning $.64 and Latina women earning $.56 for every dollar earned by a white non-Hispanic man. 
  
 Claudia Goldin recently discussed this for a Freakonomics radio session called “The True Story of the Gender Pay Gap.” Goldin is the first woman to get tenure in the Harvard economics department, so I’m going to go out on a limb and say she knows more about this than I do. Goldin cites several factors including “occupational segregation,” which essentially means men and women traditionally apply for jobs in different job sectors (i.e. more women are nurses and more men are doctors, though this gap is shrinking). Though in Jensen’s case, it appears she was simply paid less for having a vagina. 
  
 Also temporal flexibility, the ability to put in hours when you can, is more important to women because of the “parent penalty,” which Goldin says can also contribute to a difference in wages. 
  
 What everyone seems to be missing here is women place importance on this because we are required to be the more flexible worker in order to take care of our families. We are not doing less work. In fact, I know many women who work as much as possible in the office; take kids to activities, doctor appointments, make meals, and get them to bed; and THEN sit up until midnight finishing their day jobs. If the work is getting completed, this obligatory flexibility deserves less income why exactly? 
  
 There is also an inbred belief on the part of most women that they don’t want to seem “difficult” or “spoiled” by asking for more money. When Jennifer Lawrence found out she was being paid less than her male counterparts for American Hustle, she blamed herself because she was a “bad negotiator.” This does not seem to be a problem for men because men are acclimatized from an early age to believe they deserve more. This is not an insult to men, but an observation that the opportunity exists for all of us to instill the same belief in our young girls. 
  
 The fact that it is 2016 and we are still talking about this is ludicrous. Women make up nearly half of the U.S. labor force and are, in today’s society, more and more becoming the breadwinners for their families. When women are not paid equitably, everyone — including the men in their family — suffers. 
  
 This is not a gender problem, this is everyone’s problem. 
  
 h/t: MSN 
  
 Article Posted 3 years Ago ||||| Jensen Walcott may be the new hero of the equal pay for equal work movement. 
  
 The 17-year-old Kansas City, Kansas native was fired from her job at a pizza place in an outlet mall after she complained about receiving less pay than her male friend for doing the same job with the same amount of experience, according to New York magazine. 
  
 Jensen told local news station WDAF that she heard about a job at Pizza Studio in Kansas City from her friend Jake Reed, who had been hired that same day, and when she applied and got the job, she called to tell him how excited she was. 
  
 “We were super excited,” Jake told the news station. 
  
 But as the pair compared notes about what Jensen could expect from the new gig, she found out that she had been hired for the same job as her male friend for less money: she was offered $8 an hour, while Jake was offered $8.25 an hour, according to the report. They had the same level of experience. 
  
 Thinking it must be a mistake, Jensen called the Pizza Studio to ask the manager what was up, and the boss put her on hold. 
  
 “I was like, maybe when I’m on hold right now she’ll just offer me $8.25 and everything’s going to be good,” Jensen WDAF. 
  
 But that isn’t what happened. First, the boss fired Jensen, then she called up Jake and told him he was fired, too. Both allegedly violated the company policy of not discussing wages outside of work, which they had never been told, according to the report. It should also be noted that such a policy prohibiting employees from discussing their wages is illegal , and has been since 1935 for exactly this reason. Employees are allowed to discuss matters that pertain to their job "for the purpose of collective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection," according to the National Labor Relations Act. 
  
 “She said you’re fired, basically, it was like a 10-second phone call,” Jake told WDAF. 
  
 Attorney David White told WDAF that discussing wages is legal, according to the National Labor Relations Board, and that the case seemed to be clear-cut: Jensen was fired for complaining about unequal pay, he said. 
  
 “Probably what happened — they're teenagers. They didn't think they'd complain,” White said . 
  
 The incident comes just seven years after President Obama signed the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law, which strengthened the options for recourse available to workers who allege that their employers discriminate based on sex when it comes to wages. 
  
 Related: Equal Pay Day Is the Holiday You Won’t Want to Celebrate ||||| Theresa Edwards is a freelance writer and professional whiner. She lives in Dallas, Texas with her family where she enjoys reading, roller derby, and complaining about the heat. 
  
 Image: Martin Dimitrov/Getty Images 
  
 Print 
  
 School is officially out, which means teens everywhere will be flooding the seasonal job market, looking to make a little extra money slinging burgers, pulling shots and walking dogs. They don't expect to make a whole lot of cash at these endeavors, just a little something extra for a few fun outings or to save up for a bigger purchase, like a car. Still, every cent counts, whether you're a teenager or an adult. 
  
 That's why when a Kansas teenager found out she was making a quarter less an hour than her male co-worker — even though they were the same age with the same amount of experience — she brought it to her boss's attention, thinking he'd want to fix the flub. She ended up getting fired instead, and this is extremely not OK. 
  
 More: 13 funny graduation cap ideas that deserve an A+ 
  
 In fact, there's tons of stuff about this story that fall squarely into the category of jacked up, beginning with the fact that the teen, whose name is Jensen Walcott, was being paid $8 an hour while her male co-worker was making $8.25. That's bad enough, because it suggests the trend of women being paid less for doing the same thing as their male co-workers begins as young as 17, which is how old both Walcott and her co-worker are. 
  
 But when the teen brought the discrepancy to her employer's attention, they fired both her and her male friend, Jake Reed, for discussing wages at work. Prohibiting talk about wages is a popular practice, and it's always been an ethically murky one. Ever since 2014, however, it's also an unenforceable and illegal one thanks to an executive order from President Obama that bars employers from retaliating against employees seeking fair wages. 
  
 More: I have to be honest: Other parents scare me more than pedophiles 
  
 Both of those things are equally disturbing, but arguably the worst part of all of this is that we are regularly telling our children to do the right thing. That's what it appears the two friends were doing. Walcott and Reed were already friends, so it's completely natural to assume they would talk about what was going into their paychecks. That Reed was upfront with his friend about how she was getting the short stick is commendable, and it means he did the right thing. 
  
 Then Walcott did what any employee with a brain would do: She stood up for her best interests and asked them to take the reasonable and ethically correct course and pay both her and her co-worker the same amount of money for exactly the same work. She also did the right thing. 
  
 They both were punished for it. 
  
 It doesn't have to stay that way. Pizza Studio, the teens' employer, was definitely in the wrong here, according to a labor attorney who spoke to a local news outlet after Walcott came forward. If she wanted to, she could seek recourse for herself and for her friend, and we hope she does. 
  
 More: Neighbors called the cops on these parents for their unusual punishment 
  
 Teaching our kids to do the right thing can sometimes seem like an uphill battle, especially in cases like this, where speaking out against inequality lands them in trouble. But we need to keep sending the message. It is seriously encouraging that Walcott at least recognizes that what her employer did was wrong. When we raise kids who understand inequity and that they're responsible for calling it out when they see it, we make it possible for them to stick up not just for themselves but for others as well. 
  
 That's important. It's important that the next generation looks out both for their best interests and the interests of those who may not feel safe coming forward for a variety of reasons. It means our kids might be able to accomplish what we might not in our lifetime, which is to do away with this kind of crap. 
  
 It might feel a little disheartening that the moral compass in this story were not the adults but two teens. But it shouldn't. It means that something we're saying is sticking, and if every kid speaks up the way these two did, we have a whole lot to be thankful for. 
  
 Before you go, check out our slideshow below: |||||

Summary: