Article:

SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea reported a 10th death from the MERS virus on Thursday, although officials say they believe the disease has peaked. 
  
 South Korean police officers wearing masks as a precaution against Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) stand guard during a rally in Seoul, South Korea, Thursday, June 11, 2015. Experts from the World... (Associated Press) 
  
 Workers wearing protective gears spray antiseptic solution as a precaution against the spread of MERS, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, virus outside Wangsimni Subway Station in Seoul, South Korea, Thursday,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Workers wearing protective gears fumigate and spray antiseptic solution as a precaution against the spread of MERS, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, virus outside Wangsimni Subway Station in Seoul, South... (Associated Press) 
  
 A couple wears masks as a precaution against Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) as they pass by street vendors wait for customers at Dongdaemoon market in Seoul, South Korea, Thursday, June 11, 2015.... (Associated Press) 
  
 The victim was a 65-year-old man who had been treated for lung cancer and was hospitalized in the same facility as another MERS patient, the Health Ministry said. 
  
 The outbreak of Middle East respiratory syndrome has caused panic in South Korea. It has infected more than 120 people since the first case, a 68-year-old man who had traveled to the Middle East, was diagnosed on May 20. 
  
 About 3,800 people remained isolated Thursday after possible contact with infected people, according to the ministry, and more than 2,600 schools and kindergartens across South Korea were closed. 
  
 On Wednesday, experts from the World Health Organization and South Korea urged the schools' reopening as the outbreak in the country has so far been contained to hospitals and there is no evidence of sustained transmission in the community. 
  
 South Korean officials believe the outbreak may have peaked, although they say the next few days will be crucial to determining whether their efforts to isolate patients and control the disease have worked. Three people diagnosed with MERS were released from hospitals Thursday, bringing the total discharged to seven. 
  
 President Park Geun-hye postponed her planned U.S. visit scheduled next week to focus on coping with the outbreak. 
  
 Most of the deaths so far have been of people who had been suffering from pre-existing medical conditions, such as respiratory problems or cancer. 
  
 Experts think MERS can spread in respiratory droplets, such as by coughing. But transmissions have mainly occurred through close contact, such as living with or caring for an infected person. 
  
 MERS has mostly been centered in Saudi Arabia and has a death rate of about 40 percent among reported cases. It belongs to the family of coronaviruses that includes the common cold and SARS, and can cause fever, breathing problems, pneumonia and kidney failure. ||||| WHO: To Avoid MERS, Don’t Drink Camel Urine 
  
 Six people have died, 87 have been infected, and some 1,800 schools and kindergartens have temporarily shut their doors amid an outbreak of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome in South Korea. It’s likely the most significant outbreak of the disease outside the Middle East, and over the weekend, the World Health Organization released details on new cases of the disease in South Korea. It also issued a surprising piece of advice for individuals seeking to avoid infection: Drink neither raw camel milk nor camel urine. 
  
 That’s perhaps not as strange as it sounds. While the exact transmission mechanisms remain unclear, it is thought that the disease has its origins in bats and that camels may serve as a transmission point to humans. And in parts of the Middle East, drinking camel urine is not as uncommon as one might think. In parts of the Arabian Peninsula, the liquid is consumed for its allegedly palliative properties. The Prophet Mohammed is said to have informed his followers to drink camel urine to cure them of disease. 
  
 In 2013, an intrepid reporter for Vice sampled the substance while in Yemen. “The taste of warm piss is, as you would expect, disgusting,” he wrote. “But when it’s mixed with camel milk, as it traditionally is, it’s even worse. Getting rid of the musky aftertaste that takes over your mouth after the first sip is impossible.” 
  
 Health researchers have also warned that Saudi camel traders may be another possible point of transmission for MERS. By drinking raw camel milk, they warn, the traders may be unwittingly transferring the disease from their herds to the human population. 
  
 Since 2012, the WHO has documented 1,190 cases of MERS with at least 440 deaths. 
  
 Photo credit: Chris Jackson/Getty Images ||||| Recent Travelers from the Arabian Peninsula 
  
 If you develop a fever* and symptoms of respiratory illness, such as cough or shortness of breath, within 14 days after traveling from countries in or near the Arabian Peninsula**, you should call ahead to a healthcare provider and mention your recent travel. 
  
 Close Contacts of an Ill Traveler from the Arabian Peninsula 
  
 If you have had close contact*** with someone within 14 days after they traveled from a country in or near the Arabian Peninsula**, and the traveler has/had fever* and symptoms of respiratory illness, such as cough or shortness of breath, you should monitor your health for 14 days, starting from the day you were last exposed to the ill person. 
  
 If you develop fever* and symptoms of respiratory illness, such as cough or shortness of breath, you should call ahead to a healthcare provider and mention your recent contact with the traveler. 
  
 Close Contacts of a Confirmed Case of MERS 
  
 If you have had close contact*** with someone who has a confirmed MERS-CoV infection, you should contact a healthcare provider for an evaluation. Your healthcare provider may request laboratory testing and outline additional recommendations, depending on the findings of your evaluation and whether you have symptoms. You most likely will be asked to monitor your health for 14 days, starting from the day you were last exposed to the ill person. Watch for these symptoms: 
  
 Fever*. Take your temperature twice a day. 
  
 Coughing 
  
 Shortness of breath 
  
 Other early symptoms to watch for are chills, body aches, sore throat, headache, diarrhea, nausea/vomiting, and runny nose. 
  
 If you develop symptoms, call ahead to your healthcare provider as soon as possible and tell him or her about your possible exposure to MERS-CoV so the office can take steps to keep other people from getting infected. Ask your healthcare provider to call the local or state health department. 
  
 Top of Page 
  
 Healthcare Personnel Not Using Recommended Infection-Control Precautions 
  
 Healthcare personnel should adhere to recommended infection control measures, including standard, contact, and airborne precautions, while managing symptomatic close contacts, patients under investigation, and patients who have probable or confirmed MERS-CoV infections. They should also use recommended infection control precautions when collecting specimens. 
  
 Healthcare personnel who had close contact*** with a confirmed case of MERS while the case was ill, if not using recommended infection control precautions (e.g. appropriate use of personal protective equipment), are at increased risk of developing MERS-CoV infection. These individuals should be evaluated and monitored by a healthcare professional with a higher index of suspicion. For more information, see Interim Infection Prevention and Control Recommendations for Hospitalized Patients with Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV). 
  
 People with Exposure to Camels 
  
 MERS-CoV has been found in some camels, and some MERS patients have reported contact with camels. However, we do not know exactly how people become infected with MERS-CoV. 
  
 The World Health Organization has posted a general precaution for anyone visiting farms, markets, barns, or other places where animals are present. Travelers should practice general hygiene measures, including regular handwashing before and after touching animals, and avoiding contact with sick animals. Travelers should also avoid consumption of raw or undercooked animal products. For more information, see WHO’s Frequently Asked Questions on MERS-CoV. (Should people avoid contact with camels or camel products? Is it safe to visit farms, markets, or camel fairs?) 
  
 The World Health Organization considers certain groups to be at high risk for severe MERS. These groups include people with diabetes, kidney failure, or chronic lung disease, and people who have weakened immune systems. The World Health Organization recommends that these groups take additional precautions: 
  
 Avoid contact with camels 
  
 Do not drink raw camel milk or raw camel urine 
  
 Do not eat undercooked meat, particularly camel meat 
  
 *Fever may not be present in some patients, such as those who are very young, elderly, immunosuppressed, or taking certain medications. Clinical judgement should be used to guide testing of patients in such situations. 
  
 **Countries considered in the Arabian Peninsula and neighboring include: Bahrain; Iraq; Iran; Israel, the West Bank, and Gaza; Jordan; Kuwait; Lebanon; Oman; Qatar; Saudi Arabia; Syria; the United Arab Emirates (UAE); and Yemen. 
  
 ***Close contact is defined as a) being within approximately 6 feet (2 meters), or within the room or care area, of a confirmed MERS case for a prolonged period of time (such as caring for, living with, visiting, or sharing a healthcare waiting area or room with, a confirmed MERS case) while not wearing recommended personal protective equipment or PPE (e.g., gowns, gloves, NIOSH-certified disposable N95 respirator, eye protection); or b) having direct contact with infectious secretions of a confirmed MERS case (e.g., being coughed on) while not wearing recommended personal protective equipment. See CDC’s Interim Infection Prevention and Control Recommendations for Hospitalized Patients with MERS. Data to inform the definition of close contact are limited; considerations when assessing close contact include the duration of exposure (e.g., longer exposure time likely increases exposure risk) and the clinical symptoms of the person with MERS (e.g., coughing likely increases exposure risk). Special consideration should be given to those exposed in healthcare settings. For detailed information regarding healthcare personnel (HCP) please review CDC’s Interim U.S. Guidance for Monitoring and Movement of Persons with Potential Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS-CoV) Exposure. Transient interactions, such as walking by a person with MERS, are not thought to constitute an exposure; however, final determination should be made in consultation with public health authorities. 
  
 Top of Page ||||| People have been consuming camel piss on the Arabian Peninsula for a long, long time. It’s been used by the Bedouin people as a shampoo and medicine for centuries, and it’s part of Muslim tradition as well; the Prophet Mohammed is said to have once told some of his sick followers to drink camel milk and pee “till their bodies became healthy.” 
  
 Since the seventh century, Yemenis have been following his advice. Statistics about camel urine use are rare, but if you spend any time in Yemen you’ll find some people, mostly in the countryside, who drink urine as a cure for whatever ails them. Some salons use it as a remedy for hair loss, and it’s even occasionally prescribed by some doctors. 
  
 Researchers in Muslim countries have lately been trying to lend some scientific basis to the claims that drinking piss will cure diseases. In February, a team from King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, claimed they had extracted a substance called PMF701 from camel urine that could be used to treat cancer. Similar claims were made by the same researchers in 2009, when they said they’d seen evidence that camel milk and pee could fight eczema and psoriasis. 
  
 They were never given permission from the Saudi Food and Drug Authority to conduct more studies on patients, however, and there have been plenty of scientists and doctors in the region who have publicly denounced the practice of sipping camel pee. Lecturers from Sana’a University, in Yemen’s capital, have gone out of their way to remind people that quaffing urine is bad for your digestive system, and Dr. Rida Al-Wakil, a professor at a medical school in Egypt, told Alrai, an Arabic-language newspaper in Kuwait, that ads for camel urine treatments for hepatitis were “misleading” and potentially dangerous. 
  
 While recently near Ta’izz, Yemen’s third-largest city, I decided to see what all the fuss was about for myself. According to herders I spoke to, pee from virgin female camels is highly prized for its delicate taste and curative powers, and can cost up to the equivalent of $20 for a single liter. I went with nonvirgin urine—for the equivalent of about $4, I got a fresh liter of it from a camel herder named Ahmed and took a long drink. 
  
 The taste of warm piss is, as you would expect, disgusting. But when it’s mixed with camel milk, as it traditionally is, it’s even worse. Getting rid of the musky aftertaste that takes over your mouth after the first sip is impossible. It didn’t make me feel any healthier, but it didn’t make me sicker either. 
  
 More from the Hot Box Issue: 
  
 Itty-Bitty Kitty, Giant Spirit 
  
 I Left My Lungs in Aamjiwnaang 
  
 It’s Good to Be the King ||||| Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV) – Republic of Korea 
  
 On 5 June 2015, the National IHR Focal Point of the Republic of Korea notified WHO of 5 additional confirmed cases of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (MERS-CoV), including 1 death. 
  
 Details of the cases are as follows: 
  
 A 49-year-old male developed symptoms on 23 May while admitted to hospital since 14 May. The patient shared the room with a laboratory-confirmed MERS-CoV case that was reported in a previous DON on 4 June (case n. 1). He tested positive for MERS-CoV on 31 May. 
  
 A 62-year-old male developed symptoms on 2 June and visited the emergency room of a local health care facility on the same day. The patient was admitted to hospital between 20 and 28 May. During this period, he shared the same floor with four patients that were later confirmed and reported as MERS-CoV cases. On 29 May, the patient visited a local health care facility for unrelated medical conditions. He was isolated in a negative pressure room on 2 June. The patient tested positive for MERS-CoV on 3 June. 
  
 A 24-year-old male developed symptoms on 22 May. Between 22 and 28 May, the patient was admitted to the same hospital room as two previously confirmed MERS-CoV cases. He tested positive for MERS-CoV on 4 June. 
  
 A 70-year-old female developed symptoms on 31 May. The doctor who was involved in the care of her husband was confirmed positive for MERS-CoV on 3 June. She tested positive for MERS-CoV on 4 June. 
  
 A 45-year-old male developed symptoms on 4 June. The patient was admitted to hospital from 14 to 27 May for an unrelated medical condition. Although he did not have symptoms for MERS-CoV, the patient was isolated at home because of close contact at the hospital with MERS-CoV cases. He was transferred to another hospital for isolation on 2 June. The patient tested positive for MERS-CoV on 3 June. 
  
 Contact tracing of household and healthcare contacts is ongoing for the cases. 
  
 The National IHR Focal Point of the Republic of Korea also notified WHO of the death of 1 previously reported MERS-CoV case. The case was reported in a previous DON on 30 May (case n. 3). 
  
 So far, a total of 41 MERS-CoV cases, including 4 deaths, have been reported to WHO by the National IHR Focal Point of the Republic of Korea. One of the 41 cases is the case that was confirmed in China and also notified by the National IHR Focal Point of China. 
  
 Globally, since September 2012, WHO has been notified of 1190 laboratory-confirmed cases of infection with MERS-CoV, including at least 444 related deaths. 
  
 WHO advice 
  
 Based on the current situation and available information, WHO encourages all Member States to continue their surveillance for acute respiratory infections and to carefully review any unusual patterns. 
  
 Infection prevention and control measures are critical to prevent the possible spread of MERS-CoV in health care facilities. It is not always possible to identify patients with MERS-CoV early because like other respiratory infections, the early symptoms of MERS-CoV are non-specific. Therefore, health-care workers should always apply standard precautions consistently with all patients, regardless of their diagnosis. Droplet precautions should be added to the standard precautions when providing care to patients with symptoms of acute respiratory infection; contact precautions and eye protection should be added when caring for probable or confirmed cases of MERS-CoV infection; airborne precautions should be applied when performing aerosol generating procedures. 
  
 Until more is understood about MERS-CoV, people with diabetes, renal failure, chronic lung disease, and immunocompromised persons are considered to be at high risk of severe disease from MERS‐CoV infection. Therefore, these people should avoid close contact with animals, particularly camels, when visiting farms, markets, or barn areas where the virus is known to be potentially circulating. General hygiene measures, such as regular hand washing before and after touching animals and avoiding contact with sick animals, should be adhered to. 
  
 Food hygiene practices should be observed. People should avoid drinking raw camel milk or camel urine, or eating meat that has not been properly cooked. 
  
 WHO does not advise special screening at points of entry with regard to this event nor does it currently recommend the application of any travel or trade restrictions. |||||
What is a summary?