A veteran Kansas City, Kan., police captain was shot and killed Tuesday afternoon during a confrontation that followed a reported drive-by shooting and a police chase. 
  
 Capt. Robert Melton was shot about 2 p.m. at 22nd Street and Haskell Avenue in Kansas City, Kan. Two people were in custody, police said. 
  
 Emergency medical crews performed CPR on Melton on the way to the University of Kansas Hospital but he had no blood pressure or heart beat when he arrived at 2:22 p.m. 
  
 “Despite our best efforts, the officer was pronounced (dead) at 2:55 p.m.,” said trauma surgeon James Howard at a press conference at the hospital. 
  
 SIGN UP 
  
 SHARE COPY LINK Capt. Robert Melton, a veteran who served in Afghanistan, was shot about 2 p.m. at 22nd and Haskell in Kansas City, Kan. and by 2:45 p.m. one person was in custody and police had detained another person. A man who grew up in the neighborhood react 
  
 Melton was 46 years old and had served a quarter-century in law enforcement. A veteran of the Kansas Army National Guard, he served in Afghanistan. 
  
 It is the second time in less than three months that a Kansas City, Kan., police officer was shot and killed. Detective Brad Lancaster, 39, a nine-year veteran of the department, was killed May 9. 
  
 Melton’s shooting also comes in the wake of recent multiple shootings of police officers in Dallas and Baton Rouge, La., which occurred in the context of police shootings of black men in incidents across the country. The death pushes the number of law enforcement officers fatally shot in the line of duty to 31 so far this year — up from about 16 at this point last year, and ahead of the average midyear total, which is about 25, according to FBI data. 
  
 The numbers have spiked considerably just in recent days, with more than a third of these deaths coming in a single 12-day span. 
  
 But Mark Holland, mayor of the Unified Government of Wyandotte County and Kansas City, Kan., cautioned at a brief news conference at the hospital Tuesday that the community should not draw premature conclusions about Melton’s killing. 
  
 “We’re aware that this is not happening in a microcosm,” Holland said. “But we just want to encourage everyone not to jump to conclusions about what happened today. We need to do a thorough investigation and we need to get the facts before we make assumptions about what may or may not have happened.” 
  
 Tuesday’s incident began with a report of a drive-by shooting about 1:30 p.m. at Second Street and Edgerton Driver near downtown Kansas City, Kan. at the Juniper Gardens public housing complex. 
  
 When police arrived, a vehicle containing the suspected shooter or shooters took off and there was a chase that ended near 22nd Street and Haskell Avenue about 3 miles away. 
  
 “As Capt. Melton was arriving the suspects fell from the vehicle and opened fire, striking Capt. Melton and fatally wounding him,” Kansas City, Kan., Police Chief Terry Zeigler, also speaking at the press conference, said. “I don’t have any more details than that and it may change as we work our way through this investigation.” 
  
 Melton reportedly was shot in the head but neither Zeigler nor Holland would take questions. Another briefing is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday. 
  
 “Right now we just need to be in prayer for (Melton’s) family and for our police department,” Holland said. “Not only in this department but everywhere in our country. And prayer for our communities. Our communities are broken right now. 
  
 “My encouragement is we not go down a path of fear and conclusions and hatred, but we go down a path of thoughtful, prayerful reflection about what we can all do to make our communities safer.” 
  
 Melton worked for the police department’s bureau of operations, a position he held since May 2015, according to his LinkedIn profile. He managed staffing and personnel in that role. 
  
 Prior to becoming captain, Melton held the rank of sergeant since 2006. He had been a patrol officer in Kansas City, Kan., from 1999 to 2006 following a nine-year career as a police lieutenant for the Wyandotte County sheriff’s department. 
  
 He served in the Kansas Army National Guard and was deployed with a tank squadron to Afghanistan from Sept 2010 to March 2012. 
  
 Melton was a member of the honor guard at Detective Lancaster’s funeral in May. 
  
 At the University of Kansas Hospital Tuesday, officers filed in and out of the emergency room doors, most in uniform and some in street clothes. One officer wiped tears from her face as she returned to her patrol car. 
  
 Friends of Melton began changing their Facebook profile photos Tuesday afternoon to a police badge with a black stripe over it. 
  
 Lansing resident Brionna Cline and her daughter took flowers to police headquarters. With all the police deaths recently, she needed to do something, she said. 
  
 “I just wanted to show my support,” she said. 
  
 Ronnie Padilla grew up in the neighborhood where the shooting happened and his parents still live there. He said Tuesday that Melton’s death was sad and shocked him. 
  
 “We should be different, not answer with violence, you know?” he said. 
  
 Statements of condolence poured in Tuesday. 
  
 “Serving his community, Captain Melton today made the ultimate sacrifice laying down his life in the line of duty,” said Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback. “Kansans everywhere mourn his loss, grieve with his family, and pray for his fellow brothers and sisters in blue. Every day they risk their lives to protect ours and we are grateful for their service.” 
  
 Lt. Gov. Jeff Colyer urged all Kansans to pray for unity and healing. 
  
 Melton was an alum of Kansas City Kansas Community College and President Dr. Doris Givens issued a statement. 
  
 “We were terribly saddened to hear of the death of Captain Melton,” she said. “Our sincere condolences and prayers go out to his family, friends and fellow officers.” 
  
 Word about the shooting began spreading at 2:02 p.m.: Kansas City, Kan., Police Chief Terry Zeigler tweeted, “We have an officer shot at 22nd & Haskell. Start prayers, unknown condition.” 
  
 About 30 minutes earlier police received a call about an armed disturbance at an apartment complex, Juniper Gardens, at Second Street and Edgerton Drive. The caller told police that several people in a car were firing shots at them. 
  
 Officers arrived within minutes. At that time, three or four people bailed from the car. 
  
 An officer took one person into custody near there. 
  
 Shortly before 2 p.m., an officer tried to stop another person. Multiple shots were fired and Melton was hit. Police were told that an officer was down at 1:58 p.m. 
  
 We have an officer shot at 22nd & Haskell. Start prayers, unknown condition. — Terry Zeigler (@KCKPDChief) July 19, 2016 
  
 Police blocked off Haskell Avenue where Melton was shot between 18th Street and 24th Street in their search, and one suspect was arrested in the area. It was unclear when and where police arrested the second suspect. 
  
 Police swarmed the area with dozens of officers, some with rifles. Several police were taking cover behind cars at 16th Street and Quindaro Boulevard. A woman came out of a home there with her hands up. Several officers were seen crouching in the street behind a police car with their guns drawn toward the home. 
  
 The woman who came out walked up to an officer who was holding a ballistic shield. She stood and talked with the officers. Then she walked away from the officers about 10 feet away toward the home and appeared to be yelling to someone in the house. She told police an 8-year-old and 3-year-old were in the home. 
  
 About 30 minutes later, two small children came out of the house and went to the woman. Police moved them out of the way. 
  
 About 3:08, a SWAT team shielded by ballistic shields approached and entered the house. About 3:34 p.m. the officers left the house without anyone in custody. A vehicle was towed from the scene. 
  
 Many in the Juniper Gardens neighborhood said they work nights, and slept through the afternoon to wake up and find their streets blocked off as a crime scene. Late Tuesday afternoon, a dozen law enforcement officers combed the neighborhood identifying and finding bullet casings and other evidence from the disturbance earlier that day. 
  
 Tuesday evening police said they were not looking for more suspects “at this time.” 
  
 In May, Curtis Ayers, 29, of Tonganoxie shot Lancaster near the Kansas Speedway as he assisted other officers called to the area after Ayers was seen looking into vehicles outside nearby Hollywood Casino. 
  
 After Lancaster was shot, Ayers allegedly fled in the detective’s unmarked police car. He then allegedly carjacked a woman’s vehicle and stole another man’s car in Tonganoxie. 
  
 Later that afternoon he allegedly shot a woman in Kansas City in another alleged carjacking attempt. 
  
 Ayers was charged with capital murder in Lancaster’s slaying. He also faces several other felony charges related to crimes that occurred the day that Lancaster was fatally shot. 
  
 The Star’s Robert A. Cronkleton, Katy Bergen, Glenn E. Rice, Will Schmitt, Jill Toyoshiba, Donna McGuire and Steve Vockrodt contributed to this report. ||||| Kansas City, Kansas, police Captain Robert David Melton was killed in a shooting Tuesday afternoon. 
  
 Melton, who went by Dave, was shot just before 2 p.m. while responding to an armed disturbance at Second Street and Edgerton Drive. 
  
 LIVE VIDEO | VIDEO 
  
 A caller reported that someone in a vehicle was firing shots in the area. 
  
  
  
 Investigators said officers reached the scene about five minutes later and said several people jumped out of the vehicle. One of those people was taken into custody right away. 
  
  
  
 Police said that Melton, who came to the scene to assist officers, tried to contact another fleeing suspect and shots were fired. Melton was hit by a bullet fired through the window. 
  
  
  
 Melton was taken to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead just before 3 p.m. He was 46 years old. 
  
  
  
 Melton had been with the Kansas City, Kansas, Police Department since late 1999. He previous worked as a deputy at the Wyandotte County Sheriff's Office for nine years. He was a graduate of Kansas City, Kansas, Community College and served in Afghanistan as a member of the Kansas National Guard. 
  
 Police said three people were taken into custody. One of them was questioned and later released. 
  
  
  
 Capt. John Ham of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said 20 of his department's agents are assisting in the investigation and helping Kansas City, Kansas, police any way they can. 
  
 Police are still mourning police Detective Brad Lancaster, who was shot and killed on May 9 while checking out a report of a suspicious person near the Hollywood Casino. The man arrested in that shooting has been charged with capital murder. 
  
 Police departments throughout the country have sent condolences to Kansas City, Kansas. 
  
  
  
 Gov. Sam Brownback tweeted "Kansas grieves for the KCK officer who today lost his life in the line of duty. We pray for his family and stand with the @KCKPDChief." 
  
 Kansas Attorney Gen. Derek Schmidt said in a statement, "We stand shoulder-to-shoulder with all in the law enforcement community and share in Kansas City's sorrow. My prayers and deepest sympathies remain with the men and women of the Kansas City, Kansas, Police Department and all officers who protect and serve with honor, and with the family and friends of Capt. Melton." 
  
 "For the second time in only two months, the Kansas City, Kansas, Police Department is dealing with the tragic loss of one of its own," said Rep. Kevin Yoder. "Brooke and I join the entire KCK community in praying for Capt. Robert Melton and our heartfelt sympathies go out to the broken-hearted family he leaves behind. We want to thank the doctors and nurses at KU Hospital who did everything in their power to try and save his life and hope we can all honor his memory by coming together as a community. The tragic killing of our law enforcement officers must stop." ||||| KANSAS CITY, Kan. - A Kansas City, Kansas, police captain died following a shooting Tuesday afternoon. 
  
 Chief Terry Zeigler originally tweeted early Tuesday afternoon that an officer, later identified as Capt. Robert David Melton, had been shot at 22nd and Haskell. 
  
 According to police, officers responded to a shots fired call at 1:33 p.m. at Second and Edgerton. 
  
 The caller said multiple people were shooting at him from a vehicle. Officers arrived at the scene at 1:37 p.m. The suspects fled from their vehicle after crashing it into a fence in the 1500 block of Rowland. An officer took the driver of the vehicle into custody. As Melton searched for the other suspects in his squad car and made contact with one of them at 1:57 p.m., multiple shots were fired, and Melton was hit. 
  
 The police captain had boxed in the suspect before he was shot numerous times. Melton was taken to a hospital at 2:22 p.m. and was pronounced dead at 2:55 p.m. Officials said he was wearing a bullet-resistant vest. 
  
 Zeigler said in a news conference Wednesday that officers set up a perimeter and took the suspect into custody. Jamaal Lewis, 20, has been charged in connection to Melton's death. 
  
 Authorities believe this was not a planned attack against police. 
  
 "Captain Melton's philosophy was to 'lead from the front.' He was an excellent example in the department," said Chief Zeigler. "Make no doubt about it, our department is hurting. Officers of the KCKPD will continue to fight for the safety of our community." 
  
 During Wednesday's news conference, Melton was described as a "big lovable guy who liked to joke." 
  
 A candlelight vigil was held on Wednesday at 8 p.m. in front of City Hall. 
  
 RELATED: Community responds after KCK police captain Dave Melton shot, killed 
  
 Funeral arrangements for Captain Dave Melton Friday July 22, 2016 - Visitation at the Jack Reardon Civic Center, located at 520 Minnesota Avenue in Kansas City, Kansas, from 4-7 p.m. 
  
 Saturday July 23, 2016 - Funeral will be held at Children's Mercy Park at 9 a.m. Parking will be available at the Speedway. 
  
 Officials held a news conference about the shooting Tuesday afternoon, which you can watch below. 
  
 This is the second time this year a KCK police officer has been shot and killed in the line of duty. Less than three months ago, Det. Brad Lancaster was fatally shot near the Kansas Speedway responding to a call. 
  
 Before this year, the last time a police officer was killed in the line of duty was 18 years ago. 
  
 Melton's service history Kansas City, Kansas Police Department Captain since May 2015 
  
 Sergeant from November 2008-May 2015 
  
 Served in the Kansas National Guard 
  
 “We were reminded again [Tuesday] afternoon at 2:55 when Captain Melton lost his life that we have not come far enough,” said Mayor Mark Holland. “Two criminals in two months will not undo 20 years of successful partnership between our police and our community.” 
  
 Melton leaves behind three children, three step-children, his partner and her two kids, as well as a baby due in December. 
  
 Funeral arrangements for Captain Dave Melton Friday July 22, 2016 - Visitation at the Jack Reardon Civic Center, located at 520 Minnesota Avenue in Kansas City, Kansas, from 4-7 p.m. 
  
 Saturday July 23, 2016 - Funeral will be held at Children's Mercy Park at 9 a.m. Parking will be available at the Speedway. 
  
 Police departments and officials offer prayers, support 
  
 Following Zeigler's tweet, multiple local police departments tweeted out their thoughts and prayers for the officer who was shot. 
  
 .@KCKPDChief We're praying with you. — St. Louis County PD (@stlcountypd) July 19, 2016 
  
 @KCKPDChief Praying with you all! — Raytown Police Dept. (@RaytownPD) July 19, 2016 
  
 @KCKPDChief hoping for the best Chief, Stay strong — Chief James Healy (@ChiefHealy) July 19, 2016 
  
 @KCKPDChief Prayers from Platte City PD for you and your officers. — Rick Boyle (@ChaplainRickB) July 19, 2016 
  
 Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback: 
  
 “Serving his community, Captain Melton today made the ultimate sacrifice laying down his life in the line of duty,” said Governor Brownback. “Kansans everywhere mourn his loss, grieve with his family, and pray for his fellow brothers and sisters in blue. Every day they risk their lives to protect ours and we are grateful for their service. "I have spoken with the Mayor to offer any assistance he may need and to express my personal condolences for this loss. I ask all Kansans to take a moment to honor the service of Capt. Melton and all officers across our state and across the nation." 
  
 Kansas Lt. Gov. Jeff Colyer: 
  
 “We honor the courage and service of Capt. Melton,” said Lt. Governor Jeff Colyer, M.D. “We send our thoughts and sympathies to his family and friends. I urge all Kansans to pray for unity and healing as we mourn Capt. Melton.” 
  
 Kansas Rep. Kevin Yoder: 
  
 My full statement on the tragic shooting death of another @KCKPDHQ police officer today: pic.twitter.com/oHwGX0xW2M — Rep. Kevin Yoder (@RepKevinYoder) July 19, 2016 
  
 Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt: 
  
 “For the second time in only 10 short weeks, our hearts are broken by the ultimate sacrifice of a Kansas City, Kansas, police officer. We stand shoulder-to-shoulder with all in the law enforcement community and share in Kansas City’s sorrow. My prayers and deepest sympathies remain with the men and women of the KCK Police Department, with all officers who protect and serve with honor, and with the family and friends of Captain Melton.” 
  
 Missouri Secretary of State Jason Kander: 
  
 "I had the privilege of working very briefly but closely with Capt. Melton a few years ago when we were both Army Officer Candidate School Platoon Trainers assigned to the same annual training. He had enormous enthusiasm for the work and I remember him speaking often of his service as a police officer. He was a proud soldier and proud member of law enforcement. Today's news is truly heartbreaking." 
  
 Related Coverage: 
  
 ------ 
  
 Follow 41 Action News on Twitter: 
  
 Follow @41ActionNews 
  
 Like 41 Action News on Facebook: |||||

Write a summary.