Article:

Newly released documents show the Jefferson County Attorney warned the mayor of Prospect about a former assistant police chief, leading to an internal investigation. 
  
 Mike O'Connell sent a letter to Mayor John Evans in August alerting him to racially charged conversations on Facebook that former Prospect Assistant Chief of Police Todd Shaw allegedly had with a Louisville Metro Police Department recruit. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Shaw fought to have documents sealed, but a judge ruled they could be released. 
  
 In private Facebook messages, a recruit asked Shaw what he should do if he saw juveniles smoking marijuana. 
  
 Shaw allegedly said, "If black, shoot them." 
  
 Shaw resigned from the Prospect Police Department in late November while under internal investigation. 
  
 “While it is important to note that all the communications either sent or received by Shaw were sent privately, the city finds the content of the messages to be abhorrent, disgusting and reprehensible,” Evans said in a statement. “We believe that at no time were city computers, mobile telephones or other city-owned devices used in the transmission of these messages. The city of Prospect has zero tolerance for the type of content sent by Shaw.” 
  
 "I am disgusted by the shocking and appalling statements released today between the former Prospect Assistant Chief of Police Todd Shaw and a former LMPD recruit," LMPD Chief Steve Conrad said in a statement. "Any person who holds these thoughts has no business ever donning a uniform and representing those who have sworn to serve every member of every community. These actions spit in the face of the determined effort hundreds of thousands of law enforcement officers put forth to build trust and legitimacy in the communities they serve." 
  
 The former recruit was employed from October 2016 to February 2017 prior to graduating from basic academy. Conrad said the statements were revealed "approximately six months after his resignation." Conrad said the recruit would have never been considered for employment had the information been discovered prior to his selection. 
  
 Shaw's attorney said that Shaw's actions speak louder than words and that his actions during his career speak for themselves. 
  
 "Mr. Shaw held a distinguished career in law enforcement for nearly 30 years. Throughout his career, he treated all people fairly and respectfully regardless of their race," Shaw's lawyer Michael Burns said. "His Facebook messages were made privately between colleagues and friends who shared the reality of being police officers in today’s culture where police are demonized and demoralized for doing what is required to keep the community safe. Actions speak louder than words and Mr. Shaw’s actions during his career speak for themselves. He is not a racist in any sense of the word." 
  
 AlertMe ||||| The plane made an emergency landing in Philadelphia where passengers were evacuated. 
  
 The plane made an emergency landing in Philadelphia where passengers were evacuated. 
  
 Proceeds from the event will towards several charities. 
  
 Proceeds from the event will towards several charities. 
  
 McDonald’s is reportedly cooperating with the investigation being conducted by local and state agencies. 
  
 McDonald’s is reportedly cooperating with the investigation being conducted by local and state agencies. 
  
 Police have arrested a Louisville man for his alleged involvement in trafficking two teenagers. 
  
 Police have arrested a Louisville man for his alleged involvement in trafficking two teenagers. 
  
 The emergency occurred a day after a Southwest plane's engine exploded during a flight and a businesswoman was killed. 
  
 The emergency occurred a day after a Southwest plane's engine exploded during a flight and a businesswoman was killed. 
  
 The suspect in serious condition at University of Louisville Hospital, KSP Trooper Jeff Gregory said. 
  
 The suspect in serious condition at University of Louisville Hospital, KSP Trooper Jeff Gregory said. 
  
 Anyone who ate at the restaurant on March 23, 24, 26, 28, 30 or 31, or April 2, should monitor his or her health to determine if they are experiencing any hepatitis A symptoms. 
  
 Anyone who ate at the restaurant on March 23, 24, 26, 28, 30 or 31, or April 2, should monitor his or her health to determine if they are experiencing any hepatitis A symptoms. 
  
 LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) – The former assistant police chief of Prospect told a Louisville Metro Police recruit that, if he catches juveniles smoking marijuana, he should "shoot them” if they are black, according to documents released Friday. 
  
 Todd Shaw, who resigned from the suburban Louisville department late last year, sent several “highly disturbing racist and threatening Facebook messages” to the recruit, Jefferson County Attorney Mike O’Connell wrote in a letter to Prospect Mayor John Evans on Aug. 31. 
  
 Shaw had fought to keep the messages private after media outlets requested them under Kentucky’s open records law. Jefferson Circuit Court Judge Judith McDonald-Burkman ruled this week that the records must be released. 
  
 Shaw was initially suspended with pay on Sept. 1. Prospect Police Chief Jeff Sherrard was not in the office Friday and could not be reached for comment. 
  
 In an interview, Evans said that after receiving O'Connell's letter, "the human reaction would be to fire" Shaw, but the department needed to conduct its own investigation. 
  
 After Sherrard "began his examination of the messages ... it soon became apparent to him" that Shaw had violated police standards, according to a press release sent out by Evans Friday afternoon. Shaw was suspended giving the department "additional time to review the matter." The city said it followed the disciplinary protocol established by the city's "Police Officer Bill of Rights." 
  
 When Sherrard later presented the findings to Shaw on Nov. 20, Shaw resigned, Evans said. 
  
 Evans said the messages were not sent on city computers or telephones and they find them "abhorrent, disgusting, and, reprehensible," according to the press release. 
  
 "The City of Prospect has zero tolerance for the type of content sent by Shaw," Evans wrote. "... I want to make it crystal clear: neither the City of Prospect, not its citizens, condone, support or endorses the views expressed by Shaw in these postings/messages." 
  
 Shaw served with LMPD for more than 20 years before joining the Prospect department in 2012. In one of the Facebook messages, the LMPD recruit asked Shaw what to do in a scenario in which he catches three juveniles smoking marijuana. 
  
 The question was part of a paper the recruit was writing about “the right thing to do,” according to O’Connell’s letter. 
  
 “F--- the right thing,” Shaw allegedly responded. “If black shoot them.” 
  
 And as for what to tell the parents of the juveniles, Shaw said: “… call their (pa)rents … if mom is hot then f--- her … if dad is hot then handcuff him and make him suck my d---,” according to O’Connell’s letter. 
  
 Shaw continued, “Unless daddy is black. … Then shoot him.” 
  
 Shaw declined to comment on Friday when reached through Facebook. His attorney, Mike Burns, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
  
 O’Connell told Evans that prosecutors found the Facebook messages while screening a case for possible criminal prosecution against Shaw. 
  
 Shaw was under investigation for allegedly interfering in the sexual abuse probe of the Louisville Metro Police’s Explorer program, according to multiple sources with knowledge of the case. 
  
 “There is no place in police departments for men or women who hold such strongly held prejudices, including recommending shooting people simply because of their race,” O’Connell wrote. 
  
 The LMPD recruit was not named. The recruit sent racist responses to Shaw as well, according to O'Connell's letter. 
  
 LMPD Chief Conrad said the recruit was employed by the department from Oct. 17, 2016 until he resigned on Feb. 27, 2017. 
  
 “I am disgusted by the shocking and appalling statements released today – between the former Prospect Assistant Chief of Police Todd Shaw, and a former LMPD recruit," Conrad said in a statement. 
  
 Had the department known about the messages, "he would never have been considered for employment. These atrocious, racist attitudes have no place in society – anywhere," Conrad wrote. "Any person, who holds these thoughts, has no business ever donning a uniform and representing those who have sworn to serve every member of every community. These actions spit in the face of the determined effort hundreds of thousands of law enforcement officers put forth to build trust and legitimacy in the communities they serve.” 
  
 In the August letter, O’Connell told Evans his office would not move forward with any prosecutions in which Shaw might be called to testify, and would notify defense attorneys about the Facebook messages. Prosecutors are in the process of dismissing about two dozen cases because of Shaw's credibility problems. 
  
 Shaw, who retired from LMPD as a sergeant in 2009, was investigated for providing illegal assistance to Kenneth Betts, one of two officers charged with committing sexual abuse of teens while with the Louisville department’s Explorer mentoring program. 
  
 Shaw's attorney argued in court documents that his client's Facebook messages are "unrelated and not relevant" to LMPD's investigation of the Explorer program. 
  
 But Judge McDonald-Burkman ruled Thursday that Shaw was assistant chief -- and for awhile interim chief when Sherrard was on leave -- and "that level of responsibility lends itself to a higher level of public scrutiny." 
  
 The judge noted the messages were "embarrassing" for Shaw, but "they are not of the private nature intended to be shielded from public disclosure." She said the messages call Shaw's integrity as a police officer into question. 
  
 In another Facebook message, Shaw told the recruit housing projects needed to be leveled. 
  
 "For years I have seen the blacks live off uss (sic) and putting them in one big housing area breeds HUGE peoblems (sic)" Shaw wrote. "We don't see a Muslim problem around here we just see lazy ass people that don't want to work and that entices more Mexicans to cross the border and take the American jobs ... ." 
  
 And in a message about Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Shaw said King was "nothing but a raciast (sic) womanizer ... but because someone shot him, I get a day off with pay each year so I will take it." 
  
 Last October, as LMPD undercover officers were preparing to serve a search warrant for computers at Betts’ business, Betts allegedly asked Shaw to access the National Crime Information Center database, or NCIC, to run the license plates of the officers to determine their identities, the sources said. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to discuss the investigation. 
  
 Shaw was accused of ordering a Prospect officer to run the plates for Betts, who was no longer a police officer when he made the request. Betts resigned from LMPD in 2014. 
  
 Improperly accessing the NCIC database is a criminal offense. Shaw is under investigation for misdemeanor official misconduct, the sources told WDRB News. 
  
 Josh Abner, a spokesman for the Jefferson County Attorney’s office, declined to say if that investigation is ongoing. 
  
 Nick Mudd, who represents Shaw in the criminal investigation, said Shaw was cleared of criminal wrongdoing. 
  
 Below is the full letter from O'Connell. Warning: it contains extremely graphic language: 
  
 Copyright 2018 WDRB Media. All rights reserved. ||||| CLOSE According to ABC News, a former assistant police chief in Kentucky sent racist messages to a police recruit. Veuer's Maria Mercedes Galuppo (@mariamgaluppo) has more. Buzz60 
  
 Buy Photo Jefferson County Attorney Mike O'Connell's office released messages from conversations involving former Prospect assistant police chief Todd Shaw. (Photo: Darcy Costello/Louisville Courier Journal )Buy Photo 
  
 WARNING: This report contains graphic language. 
  
 A former assistant Prospect police chief sent numerous racist messages to a Louisville Metro Police recruit, including one that said if he caught black juveniles smoking marijuana, he should shoot them. 
  
 Todd Shaw sent the “highly disturbing racist and threatening Facebook messages” to the recruit, according to a letter Jefferson County Attorney Mike O’Connell sent to Prospect Mayor John Evans. 
  
 Shaw, who had previously worked 20 years as a Louisville officer, was suspended, then fired, last year from the Prospect force. 
  
 O’Connell told Evans that while Shaw and the recruit were discussing a training scenario in which the recruit was to write a paper on "the right thing to do" if he caught three juveniles smoking marijuana, Shaw stated: "Fuck the right thing. If black shoot them.” 
  
 Shaw, instructing the recruit how to handle parents of a juvenile caught smoking pot, wrote: “If mom is hot then fuck her. If dad is hot then handcuff him and make him suck my dick. Unless daddy is black. Then shoot him." 
  
 Shaw also wrote that "ML King was nothing but a raciast (sic) womanizer ... but because someone shot him, I get a day off with pay each year." 
  
 Columns from Joseph Gerth 
  
 ►Old, poor and black? The city of Prospect doesn't want you 
  
 ►Local volunteer sheriff's deputy shows why NFL players kneel 
  
 ►Where will parents turn if Bevin cuts poison control center money? 
  
 Shaw was suspended Sept. 1, the day after O'Connell wrote the letter. 
  
 Shaw had fought to keep the messages confidential after WDRB and WAVE requested them under the state Open Records Act, but a judge ruled this week that they had to be made public. 
  
 "Mr. Shaw held a distinguished career in law enforcement for nearly 30 years," said Attorney Michael Burns, who represents Shaw. "Throughout his career, he treated all people fairly and respectfully regardless of their race." 
  
  
  
 Asked if Shaw is a racist, Burns said his client was just "playing." 
  
  
  
 "His Facebook messages were made privately between colleagues and friends who shared the reality of being police officers in today’s culture where police are demonized and demoralized for doing what is required to keep the community safe," Burns said in an email. 
  
  
  
 "Actions speak louder than words and Mr. Shaw’s actions during his career speak for themselves. He is not a racist in any sense of the word." 
  
 “While it is important to note that all the communications either sent or received by Shaw were sent privately, the city finds the content of the messages to be abhorrent, disgusting and reprehensible," Evans, the Prospect mayor, said. 
  
 LMPD Chief Steve Conrad said in a statement that he was "disgusted by the shocking and appalling" comments. "Any person who holds these thoughts has no business ever donning a uniform and representing those who have sworn to serve every member of every community. These actions spit in the face of the determined effort hundreds of thousands of law enforcement officers put forth to build trust and legitimacy in the communities they serve." 
  
 O’Connell told Evans that prosecutors found the Facebook messages while reviewing whether Shaw should be prosecuted for allegedly interfering in the sexual abuse investigation of the Metro Police Explorer Program. 
  
 O’Connell said Shaw sent the private Facebook messages in September and October 2016. 
  
 “As Jefferson County Attorney, I feel compelled to notify and warn you of Shaw’s deeply offensive and racist statements,” O’Connell told the mayor. “There is no place in police departments for men or women who hold such strongly held prejudices, including recommending shooting people simply because of their race.” 
  
 O’Connell also said it was “quite disturbing that Shaw, a senior law enforcement officer with more than 20 years’ experience, was expressing his offensive racist views with a young recruit training to be a Louisville Metro Police officer.” 
  
 The county attorney's office said it would move to dismiss two dozen District Court cases in which Shaw was the sole witness, regardless of whether the defendants were black. 
  
 O'Connell told reporters Friday that Shaw was terminated and that the recruit — who was not identified — wasn't hired by Louisville Metro. 
  
 Rejecting Shaw's bid to keep the messages private, Jefferson Circuit Judge Judith McDonald Burkman ruled Thursday that they revealed "prejudices that bring into question Shaw's integrity as a law enforcement officer" and that public concern was "magnified by his rank.'' 
  
 O'Connell told reporters that his office supports police officers "but this kind of person walking the streets of this community with a gun or badge should never be tolerated. And they should be weeded out, for all our good." 
  
 More headlines 
  
 ►Kentucky charter schools haven't opened yet. This bill would keep it that way 
  
 ►Lawmaker wants to keep guns away from people who commit a hate crime 
  
 ►Mark your calendars – Yuengling is finally coming to Kentucky in March 
  
 Shaw, who retired from Louisville Metro as a sergeant before joining the Prospect force, was investigated last fall over allegations that he illegally assisted Kenneth Betts, one of two officers charged with sexually abusing teens who were in the Louisville department’s Explorer Scout program. 
  
 Nick Mudd, another lawyer for Shaw, said he was cleared of criminal wrongdoing after being accused of using the National Crime Information Center database to run license plates to help Betts identify officers who were investigating him. 
  
 Mudd said Friday that the investigation determined that Shaw had used the database on routine police business “like all officers use it every day." 
  
 Betts resigned from the Louisville department in 2014 while an investigation was pending of whether he had improper contact with a female Explorer. 
  
 Andrew Wolfson: 502-582-7189; awolfson@courier-journal.com; Twitter: @adwolfson. Support strong local journalism by subscribing today: www.courier-journal.com/andreww. Darcy Costello: 502-582-4834; dcostello@courier-journal.com; Twitter: @dctello. Support strong local journalism by subscribing today: www.courier-journal.com/darcyc. 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://www.courier-journal.com/story/news/2018/01/19/prospect-police-officer-racist-messages-kill-blacks/1048979001/ |||||
What is a summary?