Answer the following question: Information:  - Hollywood (, informally Tinseltown ) is an ethnically diverse, densely populated, relatively low-income neighborhood in the central region of Los Angeles, California. It is notable as the home of the U.S. film industry, including several of its historic studios, and its name has come to be a shorthand reference for the industry and the people in it.  - George Burns (born Nathan Birnbaum; January 20, 1896March 9, 1996) was an American comedian, actor, singer, and writer. He was one of the few entertainers whose career successfully spanned vaudeville, radio, film and television. His arched eyebrow and cigar-smoke punctuation became familiar trademarks for over three-quarters of a century. He and his wife, Gracie Allen, appeared on radio, television, and film as the comedy duo Burns and Allen.  - Ben Blue (September 12, 1901  March 7, 1975), , was a Canadian-American actor and comedian.  - The Academy Awards, or "Oscars", is an annual American awards ceremony hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements in the United States film industry as assessed by the Academy's voting membership. The various category winners are awarded a copy of a statuette, officially called the Academy Award of Merit, which has become commonly known by its nickname "Oscar." The awards, first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, are overseen by AMPAS.  - The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) is a professional honorary organization with the stated goal of advancing the arts and sciences of motion pictures. The Academy's corporate management and general policies are overseen by a Board of Governors, which includes representatives from each of the craft branches.  - Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock (13 August 1899  29 April 1980) was an English film director and producer, at times referred to as "The Master of Suspense". He pioneered many elements of the suspense and psychological thriller genres. He had a successful career in British cinema with both silent films and early talkies and became renowned as England's best director. Hitchcock moved to Hollywood in 1939, and became a US citizen in 1955.  - Burns and Allen was an American comedy duo consisting of George Burns and his wife, Gracie Allen. They worked together as a successful comedy team that entertained vaudeville, film, radio, and television audiences for over forty years.  - Black comedy or dark comedy is a comic style that makes light of subjects that are generally considered serious or taboo. Literary critics have associated black comedy and black humor with authors as early as the ancient Greeks with Aristophanes. Black comedy corresponds to the earlier concept of gallows humor.  - A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. This optical illusion causes the audience to perceive continuous motion between separate objects viewed rapidly in succession. The process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects.  - "Thanks for the Memory" (1938) is a popular song, with music composed by Ralph Rainger and lyrics by Leo Robin. It was introduced in the 1938 film "The Big Broadcast of 1938" by Shep Fields and His Orchestra with vocals by Bob Hope and Shirley Ross. Dorothy Lamour's solo recording of the song was also popular, and has led to many mistakenly believing over the years that it was she, and Hope, who sang the tune in the film (in which Lamour also appeared).  - Charles Clarence Robert Orville Cummings, known as Bob Cummings (June 9, 1910  December 2, 1990), was an American film and television actor known mainly for his roles in comedy films such as "The Devil and Miss Jones" (1941) and "Princess O'Rourke" (1943), but was also effective in dramatic films, especially two of Alfred Hitchcock's thrillers, "Saboteur" (1942) and "Dial M for Murder" (1954). Cummings received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations, and won the Primetime Emmy Award for Best Actor in a Single Performance in 1955. On February 8, 1960, he received two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the motion picture and television industries. The motion picture star is at 6816 Hollywood Boulevard, the television star is on 1718 Vine Street.  - The Devil and Miss Jones is a 1941 comedy film starring Jean Arthur and Charles Coburn. Directed by Sam Wood and scripted by Norman Krasna, the film was the product of an independent collaboration between Krasna and producer Frank Ross (Jean Arthur's husband). Their short-lived production company released two films through RKO Radio Pictures ("Miss Jones" and 1943's "A Lady Takes a Chance"). The film was well received by critics upon its release and garnered Academy Award nominations for Coburn and Krasna.  - A character actor or character actress is a supporting actor who plays unusual, interesting, or eccentric characters. The term, often contrasted with that of leading actor, is somewhat abstract and open to interpretation. In a literal sense, all actors can be considered character actors since they all play "characters", but in the usual sense it is an actor who plays a distinctive and important supporting role.   - Comedy is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on humor. These films are designed to make the audience laugh through amusement and most often work by exaggerating characteristics for humorous effect. Films in this style traditionally have a happy ending (black comedy being an exception). One of the oldest genres in film, some of the very first silent movies were comedies, as slapstick comedy often relies on visual depictions, without requiring sound. When sound films became more prevalent during the 1920s, comedy films took another swing, as laughter could result from burlesque situations but also dialogue.  - Martha Raye (August 27, 1916  October 19, 1994) was an American comic actress and singer who performed in movies, and later on television. She also acted in plays, including Broadway. She was honored in 1969 with an Academy Award as the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award recipient for her volunteer efforts and services to the troops.  - Bob Hope, KBE, KC*SG, KSS (born Leslie Townes Hope, May 29, 1903  July 27, 2003) was an American comedian, vaudevillian, actor, singer, dancer, athlete, and author. With a career spanning nearly 80 years, Hope appeared in over 70 feature films and short films, including a series of "Road" movies. In addition to hosting the Academy Awards 19 times (more than any other host), he appeared in many stage productions and television roles and was the author of 14 books. The song "Thanks for the Memory" is widely regarded as Hope's signature tune.  - Princess O'Rourke is a 1943 romantic comedy film. The film was directed and written by Norman Krasna (in Krasna's directorial debut), and starred Olivia de Havilland, Robert Cummings and Charles Coburn. Krasna won the 1944 Academy Award for Writing: Original Screenplay.  - Raoul A. Walsh (March 11, 1887December 31, 1980) was an American film director, actor, founding member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) and the brother of the silent screen actor George Walsh. He was known for portraying John Wilkes Booth in the silent classic "The Birth of a Nation" (1915) and for directing such films as "The Big Trail" (1930), starring John Wayne, "High Sierra" (1941), starring Ida Lupino and Humphrey Bogart; and "White Heat" (1949), starring James Cagney and Edmond O'Brien. His directed his last film in 1964.  - George Walsh (March 16, 1889  June 13, 1981) was an American personality in the early decades of the 20th Century. An all-around athlete, who became an actor and later returned to sport, he enjoyed 40 years of notoriety and was a performer with dual appeal, with women loving his sexy charm and men appreciating his manly bravura. Known variously as "the Laughing Athletic Thunderbolt," "the Apollo of the Silver Sheet," "the Screens Greatest Athlete" and "the King of Smiles," Walshs movie career stretched from the start of true US film-making to the Golden Era (20 years) during which time he was featured in approximately 80 productions. The studios he was attached to included: Mutual, Triangle, Fox, Universal, Goldwyn, United Artists, Chadwick, and Paramount.  - John Wilkes Booth (May 10, 1838  April 26, 1865) was an American stage actor who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C. on April 14, 1865. Booth was a member of the prominent 19th-century Booth theatrical family from Maryland and, by the 1860s, was a well-known actor. He was also a Confederate sympathizer, vehement in his denunciation of Lincoln, and strongly opposed to the abolition of slavery in the United States.  - The Primetime Emmy Award is an American award bestowed by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in recognition of excellence in American primetime television programming. First given in 1949, the award was originally referred to as simply the "Emmy Awards" until the first Daytime Emmy Award ceremonies were held in the 1970s, and the word "prime time" was added to distinguish between the two.  - Ida Lupino (4 February 1918  3 August 1995) was an Anglo-American actress and singer, who became a pioneering director and producerthe only woman working within the 1950s Hollywood studio system to do so. With her independent production company, she co-wrote and co-produced several of her own social-message films, and was the first woman to direct a film noir, "The Hitch-Hiker" in 1953. In her 48-year career, she made acting appearances in 59 films and directed eight others, mostly in the United States, where she became a citizen in 1948. The majority of her later career as an actress, writer, and director was in television, where she directed more than 100 episodes of productions ranging across Westerns, supernatural tales, situation comedies, murder mysteries, and gangster stories. She was the only woman to direct episodes of the original "The Twilight Zone" series, as well as the only director to have starred in the show.  - College Swing , also known as Swing , Teacher , Swing in the U.K. , is a 1938 comedy film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring George Burns , Gracie Allen , Martha Raye , and Bob Hope . The supporting cast features Edward Everett Horton , Ben Blue , Betty Grable , Jackie Coogan , John Payne , Robert Cummings , and Jerry Colonna .  - A silent film is a film with no synchronized recorded sound, especially with no spoken dialogue. The silent film era lasted from 1895 to 1936. In silent films for entertainment, the dialogue is transmitted through muted gestures, mime and title cards which contain a written indication of the plot or key dialogue. The idea of combining motion pictures with recorded sound is nearly as old as film itself, but because of the technical challenges involved, synchronized dialogue was only made practical in the late 1920s with the perfection of the Audion amplifier tube and the introduction of the Vitaphone system. During silent films, a pianist, theatre organist, or, in large cities, even a small orchestra would often play music to accompany the films. Pianists and organists would either play from sheet music or improvise; an orchestra would play from sheet music.  - The Television Academy Hall of Fame was founded by a former president of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, John H. Mitchell (19211988) to honor individuals who have made extraordinary contributions to U.S. television.  - The Birth of a Nation (originally called The Clansman) is a 1915 American silent epic drama film directed and co-produced by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish. The screenplay is adapted from the novel and play "The Clansman", both by Thomas Dixon Jr. Griffith co-wrote the screenplay (with Frank E. Woods), and co-produced the film (with Harry Aitken). It was released on February 8, 1915.  - A film director is a person who directs the making of a film. Generally, a film director controls a film's artistic and dramatic aspects, and visualizes the script while guiding the technical crew and actors in the fulfillment of that vision. The director has a key role in choosing the cast members, production design, and the creative aspects of filmmaking. Under European Union law, the director is viewed as the author of the film.  - The Hollywood Walk of Fame comprises more than 2,500 five-pointed terrazzo and brass stars embedded in the sidewalks along 15 blocks of Hollywood Boulevard and three blocks of Vine Street in Hollywood, California. The stars are permanent public monuments to achievement in the entertainment industry, bearing the names of a mix of actors, musicians, directors, producers, musical and theatrical groups, fictional characters, and others. The Walk of Fame is administered by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and maintained by the self-financing Hollywood Historic Trust. It is a popular tourist destination, with a reported 10 million visitors in 2003.  - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.  - Dial M for Murder is a 1954 American detective fiction film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, starring Ray Milland, Grace Kelly, Robert Cummings and John Williams. It was filmed in 3-D with the technology that was available at the time, and is often considered one of the greatest 3D films ever made. The screenplay and the successful stage play on which it was based were written by English playwright Frederick Knott. The play premiered in 1952 on BBC Television, before being performed on stage in the same year in London's West End in June, and then New York's Broadway in October. The movie was released by Warner Bros., though due to the then waning popularity of 3D films, it was converted to 2D, and only showed in its native 3D format in a small handful of cinemas.  - Grace Ethel Cecile Rosalie "Gracie" Allen (July 26, 1895  August 27, 1964) was an American comedian who became internationally famous as the zany partner and comic foil of husband George Burns, her straight man. For contributions to the television industry, Gracie Allen was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6672 Hollywood Boulevard. The team of Burns and Allen was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame in 1988.  - The term child actor or child actress is generally applied to a child acting on stage or in motion pictures or television, but also to an adult who began his or her acting career as a child; to avoid confusion, the latter is also called a "former child actor". Closely associated is teenage actor or teen actor, an actor who reached popularity as a teenager.  - A comedian or comic is a person who seeks to entertain an audience, primarily by making them laugh. This might be through jokes or amusing situations, or acting a fool, as in slapstick, or employing prop comedy. A comedian who addresses an audience directly is called a stand-up comic.  - John Leslie "Jackie" Coogan (October 26, 1914  March 1, 1984) was an American actor and comedian who began his movie career as a child actor in silent films.  - James Francis Cagney, Jr. (July 17, 1899March 30, 1986) was an American actor and dancer, both on stage and in film, though he had his greatest impact in film. Known for his consistently energetic performances, distinctive vocal style, and deadpan comic timing, he won acclaim and major awards for a wide variety of performances. He is best remembered for playing multifaceted tough guys in movies such as "The Public Enemy" (1931), "Taxi!" (1932), "Angels with Dirty Faces" (1938), and "White Heat" (1949), and was typecast or limited by this view earlier in his career. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked him eighth among its list of greatest male stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema. Orson Welles said of Cagney, "[he was] maybe the greatest actor who ever appeared in front of a camera", and Stanley Kubrick considered him to be one of the best actors of all time.  - White Heat is a 1949 film noir starring James Cagney, Virginia Mayo and Edmond O'Brien and featuring Margaret Wycherly and Steve Cochran. Directed by Raoul Walsh from an Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts screenplay, it is based on a story by Virginia Kellogg. Considered one of the classic gangster films, this film was added to the National Film Registry in 2003 as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the United States Library of Congress.  - Vaudeville is a theatrical genre of variety entertainment. It was especially popular in the United States and Canada from the early 1880s until the early 1930s. A typical vaudeville performance is made up of a series of separate, unrelated acts grouped together on a common bill. Types of acts have included popular and classical musicians, singers, dancers, comedians, trained animals, magicians, strongmen, female and male impersonators, acrobats, illustrated songs, jugglers, one-act plays or scenes from plays, athletes, lecturing celebrities, minstrels, and movies. A vaudeville performer is often referred to as a "vaudevillian".  - Edward Everett Horton (March 18, 1886  September 29, 1970) was an American character actor. He had a long career in film, theater, radio, television, and voice work for animated cartoons.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'college swing' exhibits the relationship of 'genre'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - abstract  - adult  - art  - black comedy  - child  - comedian  - comedy  - comedy film  - comic  - computer animation  - design  - detective  - detective fiction  - dialogue  - drama  - dramatic  - entertainment  - epic  - family  - fiction  - fiction film  - film noir  - james  - management  - march  - miniature  - music  - musical  - optical illusion  - radio  - reference  - romantic comedy  - screenplay  - silent film  - slapstick  - song  - sport  - statuette  - supernatural  - suspense  - swing  - television  - variety  - various  - vaudeville
Answer: