Article:
After 340 consecutive days in space, Scott Kelly's journey comes to an end. 
  
 Here's what you need to know. 
  
 After 340 consecutive days in space, Scott Kelly's journey comes to an end. 
  
 Here's what you need to know. 
  
 Photo: Kirill Kudryavtsev, AFP/Getty Images ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. ||||| Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Astronaut Scott Kelly is expected to return on March 1, 2016 after a total of 520 days in space. He has Tweeted many photos from the international space station. USATODAY 
  
 Clouds cover Italy and the Alps in this photo from the International Space Station. (Photo: Scott Kelly/Twitter) 
  
 Just over a year ago, astronaut Scott Kelly left Earth to spend a year at the International Space Station. He returns late Tuesday night. 
  
 Kelly shared one of his last sunrises Saturday morning, claiming it to be one of the best— and that's saying a lot since the International Space Station goes around the Earth so quickly that day and night come every 92 minutes, Kelly tweeted in September. 
  
 Of all the sunrises I've seen on my #YearInSpace, this was one of the best! One of the last too. Headed home soon. pic.twitter.com/AD4YEiN5kR — Scott Kelly (@StationCDRKelly) February 27, 2016 
  
 Kelly's been documenting his year tirelessly, posting on social media usually several times a day. Let's take a look at some of his raddest photos. 
  
 He flew over Texas two months into his trip and spotted a storm coming in. 
  
 This stunning photo of the Milky Way came soon after to celebrate Hubble's 25th Anniversary. 
  
 Chicago looks beautiful with the unusual sight of the Aurora Borealis in the background. 
  
 The colors of the Sahara Desert are unbelievable from space. 
  
 The color he sees remind him of watercolors, he mentioned in a few photos. 
  
 Pictures like this make me really regret that my watercolors didn't make it up here. #EarthArt#YearInSpacepic.twitter.com/bWqfeNXyOr — Scott Kelly (@StationCDRKelly) November 22, 2015 
  
 The French Riviera looks just as beautiful as ever in this photo. 
  
 This frozen lake in the Himalayas that he photographed just a few weeks ago will make you want to do the Polar Plunge. 
  
 Central America is stunning in the early morning. 
  
 Once again, Kelly proves the Earth is beautifully colorful through his 'Colors of Earth' photos. 
  
 These sands in Africa are awe-inspiring with their vibrant colors and patterns. 
  
 Will be missing these sands too, but looking forward to sandy beaches up close. #EarthArt#Africa#YearInSpacepic.twitter.com/u7Ro6MdP1B — Scott Kelly (@StationCDRKelly) February 22, 2016 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/211FrzS ||||| The past 12 months have been some of the very best of all time when it comes to space exploration. Sure, we didn't walk on the Moon, but we did have a very close encounter with Pluto, grew crops in space, and started the hiring process for the first manned mission to Mars. And through it all, astronaut Scott Kelly has been orbiting Earth on the International Space Station, providing us with incredible images and setting the American record for the most time in space. 
  
 Sadly all good things must come to an end, and in preparation for his departure back to Earth on March 1, Kelly handed over command of the International Space Station to NASA astronaut Tim Kopra just a few hours ago. For anyone like us who's followed the almost year-long journey of Kelly and cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko so far, the ceremony below is pretty emotional. 
  
 Even if you haven't heard of the record-breaking Year in Space mission until now, you have to admit that spending 340 days straight on a spacecraft roughly the size of a football field is pretty impressive - not to mention the fact that Kelly drank an estimated 730 Litres of his own sweat and urine during the mission - all so he could help scientists back on Earth figure out what long-term space travel does to the body. 
  
 In the ceremony, Kelly thanks Kornienko ('Misha' for short) and admits goodbyes are always "bittersweet when you're leaving this incredible place". Kornienko will be travelling back to Earth on March 1 along with Kelly and cosmonaut Sergey Volkov, who's been on the space station with them for the past six months. 
  
 "Obviously, you know, Misha and I have been up here for a really, really long time and recently we've been joking with each other that we'll say something like 'We did it!' or 'We made it!'" says Kelly in the ceremony below. "But we both recognise that this is a lot more about teamwork and all the people that it takes to put these missions together and be successful than it is about us." 
  
 "Spaceflight is the biggest team sport there is, and it's incredibly important that we all work together to make what is seemingly impossible possible," he adds. 
  
 No, we're not crying, it's just allergies. 
  
 Once Kelly lands, NASA scientists will begin to assess the toll that space has had on his body, and compare him closely with his twin brother Mark Kelly, who stayed firmly on Earth throughout the year in space. 
  
 What we learn about the impact of microgravity and space travel during such long missions will help us better understand how to keep humans healthy on the way to Mars - and maybe one day even further into the Solar System. 
  
 As NASA control tells Kelly and Kornienko at the end of the handover: "What you have provided for our human spaceflight endeavours has been monumental ... We look forward to seeing you back safe on the ground and back in Houston." 
  
 Here's a hero, signing off: ||||| One year ago, NASA embarked on its very own astronaut twin experiment. Scott Kelly shot up to the International Space Station while his identical-except-for-the-mustache twin, retired astronaut Mark Kelly1, stayed firmly planted on Earth. 
  
 Now on March 1, after 340 days in orbit, Kelly-the-spacebound is coming home. Riding inside the snug Soyuz back with him will be fellow year-in-space resident, cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko. 
  
 But back to the twins (sorry, Mikhail), because that’s one of the most exciting parts of this year-in-space adventure. While Kelly-the-Earthbound wasn’t spending time munching space lettuce or drinking space coffee or doing important astronaut stuff, he was collecting blood, urine, saliva, and poop—for science! At the same time, NASA has been taking samples from his identical twin. By comparing the data, scientists hope to get a better handle on what happens to human bodies in space. 
  
 One year is twice as long as the typical ISS trip—but it is how long astronauts will have to spend in interplanetary space to get to Mars and back. That’s one year for the body to slowly break down in space thanks too little gravity and too much radiation. 
  
 Some of the effects of microgravity are obvious. When bones and muscles no longer have to bear the weight of walking, they start to weaken. Bones thin, muscles atrophy. To counteract that, ISS astronauts spend an average of two hours a day exercising, strapped onto a treadmill with elastic bands or doing weight resistance training. Supplements like vitamin D also help. But still, astronauts lose on average 1.5 percent of their bone mass per month in space. 
  
 Less obvious are the effects of gravity on fluids. Yes, your internal fluids! Like your blood and urine and the all the interstitial fluid that bathes the cells of your body. 
  
 Without gravity, for example, the heart shrinks because it no longer has to work as hard to pump blood to the legs and back. It also accounts for the Charlie Brown effect, where fluids in the face make astronauts more round-cheeked than they typically are on Earth. This makes it harder to smell food, but more seriously, also harder to see. Swollen tissues in the head put pressure on the optic nerve, leading to decreased vision. To counteract some of this, NASA has a device called a chabis, basically an uncomfortable-looking pair of pants that pull fluids back down to the legs. 
  
 Cosmic radiation is another very present danger. The ISS sits low enough in Earth’s orbit that it still enjoys some protection from the Earth’s mass and magnetic field; out in space en route to Mars, radiation becomes an even more pressing problem. NASA needs to find out exactly how big of a dose of space radiation is dangerous. 
  
 When Scott Kelly touches down on Earth, most of the data collecting part of the twin study will be over. But analyzing the data will have only just begun. 
  
 1UPDATE 1:15PM ET 2/29/16: This story has been updated with the correct name for Scott Kelly's brother, Mark Kelly. ||||| In this Jan. 21, 2016 photo made available by NASA, one-year mission crew members Scott Kelly of NASA, left, and Mikhail Kornienko of Roscosmos celebrate their 300th consecutive day in space. By spending... (Associated Press) 
  
 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — As soon as he returns from the International Space Station, NASA's first and only yearlong spaceman, Scott Kelly, will try to pop up from a lying position and stand still for three minutes. 
  
 He'll take a crack at a mini-obstacle course and attempt to walk a straight line, heel to toe — all so researchers can see whether he'd hit the ground running if this were Mars instead of Earth. 
  
 NASA considers it crucial prep work for future Mars explorers who will have to spend much longer in space and won't have the help of a welcoming committee. In fact, this mission — which began with a launch last March — is all about Mars. 
  
 "I think we'll learn a lot about longer-duration spaceflight and how that will take us to Mars someday," Kelly said Thursday in his final news conference from orbit. "So I'd like to think that this is another of many steppingstones to us landing on Mars sometime in our future." 
  
 Kelly's 340-day mission — the longest by 125 days for NASA — comes to a dramatic end Wednesday on the remote steppes of Kazakhstan. (It will be Tuesday night in the U.S.) The astronaut will ride a Soyuz spacecraft back with two Russians, including Mikhail Kornienko, his roommate for the past year. 
  
 Once out of the capsule, the two will submit to a multitude of field tests. 
  
 What could new arrivals do on Mars, asks Dr. Stevan Gilmore, the lead flight surgeon who will be at the landing site to receive Kelly. Could they jump up and down? Could they open a hatch? Could they do an immediate spacewalk? 
  
 The tests on Kelly and Kornienko should provide some answers. There will also be blood draws, heart monitoring and other medical exams. The testing will continue for weeks if not months once they're back home in Houston and at cosmonaut headquarters at Star City, Russia. 
  
 Checkups will also continue for Kelly's identical twin, retired astronaut Mark Kelly. The 52-year-old brothers joined forces to provide NASA with a potential gold mine of scientific data: one twin studied for a year in orbit — twice the usual space station stay — while his genetic double underwent similar tests on the ground. 
  
 While a handful of Russians have spent longer in space, the record being a 438-day flight, those expeditions date back to the 1980s and 1990s aboard the Mir space station, rustic if not rickety compared with the current space station. Medical testing was spotty back then, and the data weren't always widely shared. 
  
 As of Thursday — Day 335 — Kelly professed to feeling pretty good. Indeed, flight surgeon Gilmore doesn't expect any alarming results at touchdown. 
  
 Kelly's vision has degraded a bit as it did during his last mission, a normal outcome for some astronauts because of increased pressure inside the skull in weightlessness. He anticipates his bones and muscles have weakened as well, despite daily exercise in orbit. 
  
 The real question mark — and Kelly's biggest concern — is the possible lingering effects of space radiation. 
  
 "Hopefully, I'll never find out what the true effects are of that," Kelly said in a TV interview last week. NASA will need to tackle the problem for Mars trips because of the increased level of exposure. 
  
 Johnson Space Center physiologist John Charles puts the psychological side of long-duration spaceflight right up there with radiation, as well as in-flight medical care and even food preservation and packaging for the long haul. 
  
 "Just about everything is a big problem for Mars," Charles said in a phone interview. 
  
 Mars expeditions planned for the 2030s will last 2½ years; the anticipated crew size will be four to six. The astronauts will almost certainly have to grow some of their own food; that's the reason for an experimental greenhouse aboard the space station. 
  
 Kelly and his crewmates grew red romaine lettuce in the mini-hothouse last summer and sampled some of the crop. 
  
 Even more impressive, Kelly nursed zinnias back to health in January, displaying a lush orange and yellow bouquet on Valentine's Day. He had to "channel my inner Mark Watney" — the lone astronaut who survives on potatoes in last year's blockbuster movie "The Martian" — to save the zinnias from mold. 
  
 Trust me when to add water, Kelly urged Mission Control, not some preflight script. That's how it will need to be when astronauts venture to Mars, he gently reminded everyone. 
  
 Charles stresses that Mars travel will be different than a space station stay. No regular phone chats with the husbands, wives and kids back home. No constant whispering in the astronauts' ears from Mission Control. Support would come via email. 
  
 "They're going to be highly autonomous," Charles said of the Mars explorers, "and that's something that we're trying to practice on the space station now ... learning how to get Mission Control out of the back pockets of the astronauts." 
  
 Kelly points out that crew quarters on Mars-bound craft will be much tighter than the space station — and nothing like the spaceships of science fiction. Between sleeping and working on his laptop, Kelly estimates he's spent almost half his time inside his personal cubicle — about the size of a phone booth. 
  
 NASA will need to improve privacy on Mars missions, he said, if it hopes to combat crew stress and fatigue. 
  
 The toughest part for Kelly has been the physical isolation from everyone he loves, 250 miles below him. But on a trip to Mars, tens of millions of miles away, astronauts won't be able to even see Earth. 
  
 "Obviously going to Mars, there are a lot of other challenges, but none of these we can't overcome," Kelly said. 
  
 NASA is discussing doing more one-year flights with the other countries involved in the station program; more subjects are needed for a better understanding of all the challenges. It's a long time, no matter how you cut it. Just ask Kelly, who recently acknowledged, "a year now seems longer than I thought it would be." 
  
 ___ 
  
 Online: 
  
 NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/1ym/ ||||| This collaborative project is an extension of the 2016 End of Term project, intended to document the federal government's web presence by archiving government websites and data. As part of this preservation effort, URLs supplied from partner institutions, as well as nominated by the public, will be crawled regularly to provide an on-going view of federal agencies' web and social media presence. Key partners on this effort are the Environmental Data & Governance Initiative and the Data Refuge project. This collection is a continuation of the 2016 End of Term web archiving and, as such, is deduplicated against that collection. It allows for the ongoing archiving of publicly nominated websites beyond the "official" end of the End of Term project. 
  
 Interested members of the public, particularly government information specialists, are invited to submit selected web sites to be included in the collection using the public nomination tool. 
  
 For more information on partner institutions, web crawling and past End of Term projects, please visit the End of Term Archive. ||||| U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly has retired from NASA, after 20 years of service and more than 520 days in space—more time in space than any other American. He also departs with a record as a social media maven and renowned photographer from space. 
  
 Kelly made four trips to space, the most prominent being a 340-day journey that ended last month. During that flight, Kelly made more than 5,000 trips around the Earth, and drank nearly 200 gallons of drinking water made from recycled sweat and urine. 
  
 From his perch 400 kilometers (249 miles) above the earth’s surface, he snapped hundreds of beautifully abstract photographs of our planet’s landforms and waterways. He spotted hurricanes ominously swirling on sapphire-blue oceans. He gazed out at the aurora’s glittering fog. He consistently turned Earth’s lands and waters into an abstract artist’s dream, with shots of beaches, deserts, forests, and everything in between. 
  
 And he did it all with equipment accessible to earthlings, taking most of his images with a Nikon D4 digital camera with lenses more commonly used to photograph football games. 
  
 Kelly’s photographs gained him a massive following. From Twitter to Tumblr, hundreds of thousands of social media users expressed their wonderment at the photos—and a devoted band of mapping experts tagged along, helpfully noting where Kelly snapped his pics. 
  
 “It’s fun to be a part of the public’s reaction,” says David MacLean of Nova Scotia Community College’s Centre of Geographic Sciences, who’s among the most influential of Kelly’s hobbyist geotaggers. 
  
 MacLean has been mapping astronauts’ photos since 2013, but says Kelly’s penchant for abstraction sets his pictures apart. 
  
 “Other astronauts have more of a city and regional view: ‘Here’s Indianapolis from space,’” MacLean says. Kelly, on the other hand, “has concentrated on details of little pieces of the world.” 
  
 “He’s caught the interest of quite a lot of people, [who] see these [places] in a whole new way.” 
  
 And Kelly’s eye for composition hasn’t gone unnoticed at National Geographic. 
  
 “Kelly’s photographs are striking and incredibly artistic," wrote Patrick Witty, National Geographic’s deputy director of photography. “[It’s] hard to believe they were made by an astronaut and not a working professional photographer.” 
  
 “I’m sure every photographer on Earth is incredibly jealous of his angle.” 
  
 To celebrate Kelly’s #YearInSpace, we’ve selected our favorite Scott Kelly space pictures. We hope you enjoy the photos—and check out National Geographic's photographic coverage of Kelly’s final return to Earth. |||||Summary: