Summarize this article:

But many of its facts, while delightful, aren't actually factual, something noted by a BuzzFeed reporter in a tweet last December. 
  
 With more than 6 million followers since its inception in 2011, UberFacts is one of the most widely followed accounts on Twitter. On Facebook, UberFacts' page has more than 283,000 likes. It even has its own website. 
  
 Not really true but it makes a good Tweet I guess. RT @UberFacts: Apple now has more cash on hand than the U.S. government. 
  
 Not really true but it makes a good Tweet I guess. RT @UberFacts: Apple now has more cash on hand than the U.S. government. 
  
 When UberFacts was pressed over Twitter about the prevalence of false information coming from the account, BuzzFeed received an apparent response from Kris Sanchez, the founder of UberFacts. In December, he emailed to suggest unfollowing the UberFacts Twitter page instead of complaining about the validity of the facts. (Sanchez more recently denied sending the email, and suggested his email was hacked.) 
  
 The tweets about Apple now read , "for a brief period of time in 2011, Apple had more money than the U.S. government." 
  
 In this case, this fact was briefly true, during the debt ceiling debate in July of 2011, but UberFacts recycled the tweet numerous times , tweeting it on Feb. 6, 2012, Feb. 12, 2012, March 3, 2012, March 13, 2012, May 8, 2012, and June 19, 2012, as well as tweets in August 2012 and December 2012. 
  
 This week, after more criticism, Sanchez denied the correspondence. He tweeted publicly that the suggestion that he had sent the email is fabricated and "ridiculous." 
  
 I'm flattered that a writer from a well known website would make up such a ridiculous story. Don't understand it, but still flattered! 
  
 I'm flattered that a writer from a well known website would make up such a ridiculous story. Don't understand it, but still flattered! 
  
 For the record: I don't and never have sent emails to people who don't like me or my page... Because they don't exist :) 
  
 For the record: I don't and never have sent emails to people who don't like me or my page... Because they don't exist :) 
  
 The email came from "kris@uber-facts.com," the email he told BuzzFeed he uses. It's the same email Sanchez listed when he filed to trademark the term "UberFacts" in February 2012. 
  
 "I never sent you an email," Sanchez told BuzzFeed. "It is my email address but my email has been compromised in the past. So that's not the address that I actively use." 
  
 When asked if his email had been hacked, Sanchez said he'd been a victim of hacking before. 
  
 "I've been a victim and a target of that before. That's the only explanation. I'm not suggesting you made it up. I can tell you definitively that I never sent you an email...it happens; it comes with the territory." 
  
 In a "frequently asked questions" section of his site from March 2013, 
  
 Sanchez says he sometimes cites sources but rarely ever does it on the UberFacts Twitter page, explaining people don't like to see links in tweets. 
  
 2) Do you ever cite your sources? 
  
  
  
 Yes! But not all of them, and rarely ever on the Twitter page. Sources can be found here on the website below articles. As far as tweets go, it's much more time efficient for one to simply use the Google machine to find the answers to whatever questions you may have! Believe it or not, more people would prefer NOT to see a link at the end of the tweet. 
  
 Sanchez has also said in the past he fact-checks all of his facts before posting them. 
  
 "Any fact that is submitted that I do consider using is always verified before it's posted," Sanchez said in an interview in April 2012. 
  
 But Sanchez's errors sometimes draw anger from some of the account's 6 million-plus followers. 
  
 A tweet in October about a Florida man who complained about a headache only to realize at the hospital his wife had accidentally shot him used an image from a story about a Chinese woman who had a bullet removed from her brain. 
  
 When asked about the discrepancy on Twitter, Sanchez tweeted, "the image is not the fact." 
  
 Sanchez said he doesn't create the images himself, noting that he pulls them from different sites and puts them in a file format he has for tweeting images. 
  
 "None of those images are created by me," Sanchez said. 
  
 Sanchez told BuzzFeed that the majority of the facts he finds are culled from a variety of sources as well as a smaller percentage of facts that people submit. He says he fact-checks them all. 
  
 "I would say 96–97% of the facts you see on the Twitter account are facts I found on science articles, Google alerts, new studies, anything like that," he said. "The other 3–4% are facts which people have submitted, which I will then look up before posting. Anything I post I honestly believe to be true, and when I find out otherwise I remove it as quickly as I can." 
  
 When asked about some of the tweets that are believed to be incorrect, Sanchez said, "anything that I post up there [I] truly believe to be true. I'm not trying to lie to anyone. When I do find out that things are incorrect. I will either correct them or will remove them." 
  
 Sanchez says he handles corrections by posting a new fact and tweeting the correction at UberFacts' Twitter account. 
  
 "I'll tweet the new fact out," Sanchez said, citing a correction from Monday. "There was a photo of the Titanic, the story of the guy who survived the sinking of the America and then died on the Titanic and I had messed up the year. So I retweeted the fact again with the proper year and mentioned the UberFacts account from UberFacts with the correction." ||||| Kris Sanchez is tapping furiously on the screen of his iPhone 6. 
  
 "It gets harder"—-tap, tap, tap—"and harder as you go," he says, staring intently at the sleek appliance. "You have"—tap, tap, tap—"less time." 
  
 Kris Sanchez 
  
 It’s a blindingly sunny morning in October, and Sanchez, founder of the uber-popular Twitter account UberFacts, is sitting outside at a sidewalk cafe in Beverly Hills showing me a feature on the about-to-be-released UberFacts Android app. (An iOS app already exists.) He's playing a game called UberTap, in which you try to tap the screen a certain number of times within a certain number of seconds. Say, 80 times in 10 seconds. It’s mindlessly addictive (wait—what about 100 times in 10 seconds?), and has absolutely nothing to do with the weird, Ripley's Believe It Or Not-type trivia that has made UberFacts one of the most powerful brands on Twitter. 
  
 "I really want to give people a variety of things to do," Sanchez says, pushing up the sleeves on his dark green leather jacket to reveal a small tattoo on his wrist that says "wealth and prosperity" in Chinese characters (the other wrist says "love" also in Chinese characters). The 23-year-old former dancer—he studied theater in high school and was among the hundreds of dancers who performed at the Microsoft Kinect launch in 2010 in Times Square—is wearing jeans and purple high-tops. His dark hair is cut in a thick Mohawk, the tips bleached the color of burnt caramel. "I want people to be able to do more than just read facts all day long." 
  
 Of course, the greater public's love of doing just that is what has made Sanchez one of the top 100 influencers on Twitter, as well as one of the richest. By spewing out tens of thousands of the most "unimportant things you’ll never need to know," as the UberFacts Twitter page cheekily pronounces, Sanchez has accumulated over 7 million followers since launching the account in 2009 when he was a bored college student at SUNY New Paltz. ("Total hippie town, drum circles. I only went there for a year.") 
  
 It was really the first time I was really publicly attacked on the Internet. After that I was like, okay, UberFacts needs to be treated like a real brand. 
  
 Today he says he makes about $500,000 a year just from sponsored links. The way this works is that a company called Social Reactor, which pairs social media influencers with advertisers, supplies him with galleries or other web pages that he links to in his Tweets. He gets paid for every click those pages receive. Then there are the branded deals he’s done with companies like Ford and Paramount, wherein a simple tweet, accompanied by a link and a hashtag, becomes a virtual slot machine, gushing out thousands to tens of thousands of dollars. Plus the apps. The iOS app, which has been downloaded 1.5 million times, is estimated to generate $60,000 a week from advertising, though that has not yet been implemented. 
  
 Sanchez is a "special breed," according to Scott Jones, the CEO of ChaCha, which owns Social Reactor. "It’s pretty rare to make that much [money]," Jones says. 
  
 The reason Sanchez is "on the upper end of the pay scale," Jones says, is "partially because he has a big follower base, but more importantly, his audience is highly engaged. They stay for an average of more than 14 page views a visit. So if it's a gallery of 10 images, they're going to look at the 10 and then four (pages) of something else." 
  
 In a lot of ways, Sanchez is a personification of the kind of you’re-never-gonna-believe-this facts that his Twitter feed churns out. A twentysomething college dropout can make more money on Twitter than a corporate executive. But his tale is also revealing of the often tumultuous, sometimes painful, way that young, talented, creative, and very green new media mavens are forced to grow up in the fast-paced, self-regulating world of the Internet. It’s a place where entrepreneurs with bold ideas and Red Bull-fueled energy reserves can carve out insanely lucrative jobs and identities overnight, often without realizing that what they’re doing is actually a job, and usually without any real training. 
  
 Some UberFacts "facts" | Click to expand 
  
 In Sanchez’s case, until just recently, he thought of UberFacts as "a hobby." It was one that he started in college when, instead of studying, "I decided to kill time by searching for facts on the Internet." 
  
 Oh, and there was another reason, too. 
  
 "I also joined Twitter to follow Britney Spears" he says. "But I didn't have anything to tweet about. So I figured, hey, tweeting these facts would be a really good idea. It was just so I could feel like I was closer to her." 
  
 Alas, Britney didn't follow him back (and still hasn't), but Sanchez had found his calling. After dropping out of SUNY, he moved back to Brooklyn, his hometown, and, in between dance auditions and a job as an after-school counselor that paid $250 a week, he tweeted. Like many Internet pioneers, he worked out of an apartment, rolling out bed in the morning and sitting down in front of his computer before heading off to his real job as a counselor. Sharp, intuitive, and a very quick-study, it was not long before he figured out that generating more of the right kind of tweets at the right times of day resulted in more followers, and so he ramped up to 60 to 70 tweets a day. He also spent $1,000 on retweets and shout-outs from other influencers (now a Twitter no-no), and his account started taking off. 
  
 But for a one-man operation, the schedule was challenging, he says, and earlier this year he was called out by BuzzFeed and Gizmodo for posting a number of untrue, or, in some cases, untrue-ish, facts. (One of the latter had to do with a Huggies diaper that sends out a tweet when a baby pees; Sanchez maintains that a prototype of the diaper was made, even if it didn’t actually hit the market.) 
  
 "There are so many tweets going out each day that it was tough for one person, being me, to make sure that every single one of them was completely true," he says, adding, "Anything that I posted up there, I thought was true. And I'm always bummed to find out that it isn't." 
  
 Sanchez is visibly still hurt by the incident—which he calls "my first public mess"—though he's eager to talk about it, perhaps because it wound up prompting a major maturation in himself and his company. 
  
 "It was really the first time I was really publicly attacked on the Internet. And, you know, BuzzFeed is a really popular website. And it was Lindsay Lohan’s face and my face on their front page. It was after that that I was like, okay, UberFacts needs to be treated like a real brand. It has a large following and I want to put more work in it and make it better. I just want to increase the quality of it." 
  
 Some UberFacts "facts" | Click to expand 
  
 Last January he moved from New York to L.A. and got serious. He made himself CEO of UberFacts and brought on two business partners (who, in the startup tradition, are also his best friends and roommates), in addition to a small staff of fact-finders whose sole job is to comb through reports, websites, and various publications looking for the kind of quirkily stupefying factoids that are likely to generate clicks. He then goes over their suggestions and selects which ones will be posted. 
  
 When I ask where he and his staff find most of their ideas for tweets, he says "BuzzFeed, ironically enough," as well as Reddit and Digg. "On Reddit, a lot of people will find an article then write about the article they found. So I'll click on the article and see what else there is," he says. 
  
 Even though he's not always culling from The New Yorker or other rigorously fact-checked sources, Sanchez says he stresses the importance of fact-checking to his staff, and that after one employee came up with a series of tweets about pandas that, after being posted, were discovered to have been taken from a book about made-up facts about pandas, the person was let go. 
  
 "That was the fourth employee," he says. "Now there are three." 
  
 Many of UberFacts' tweets are actually pretty soft, noncontroversial facts, particularly the gallery links that earn him so much dough. ("15 foods that can boost your sex drive!") Still, there are the occasional tweets that rely on the conventional wisdom of the Internet and are stripped of nuance for the sake of sensationalism. For instance, this one: "Drug Lord Pablo Escobar had so much cash that rats ate nearly one billion dollars of his money each year." 
  
 Sanchez cites his source as being the website Elite Daily, which touts itself as the HuffPo for millennials. In a "Gangster of the Week" compilation of wowza facts about Escobar, the drug lord's brother Roberto is quoted as saying: "Pablo was earning so much that each year we would write off 10% of the money because the rats would eat it in storage or it would be damaged by water or lost." 
  
 The quote seems to be taken from Roberto's book The Accountant's Story: Inside the Violent World of the Medellín Cartel, and is a little mangled, but the point is that rats alone were not responsible for destroying Escobar's cash. 
  
 Sanchez isn't the only one who ran with the partial reading of the line. Rats eating Escobar's billions is a widely circulated meme on the Internet. But it's not the whole truth. 
  
 Some UberFacts "facts" | Click to expand 
  
 Sometimes you have to spend hours going through really mundane pieces of information to find the one that’s magical. 
  
 UberFacts might seem like one of those deceptively simple ideas that we all could have thought of, had we been thinking about deceptively simple ideas that would take off on Twitter. But the art of the brand is more than just coming up with oddball trivia and shaving it down to 140 characters. Sanchez has a unique style that is itself deceptively simple, as well as a knack for coming up with facts that walk the line between totally unbelievable and just believable enough. Sample: "Blue whales are so big that a human can swim through their largest veins and arteries." 
  
 He is also a keen student of how the web works. 
  
 Says Jones: "Kris only had 200,000 followers when we first met. And in just a matter of a few years, he’s grown that to 7 million. The real trick he pulled off is, he’s tweeting at the right times, and tweeting stuff that resonates. He pays attention to the engagement level of his audience, and he tweets more of the stuff that works and less of the stuff that doesn’t work." 
  
 When asked what kind of trivia he likes to push on UberFacts Sanchez says "cute animals" and "those studies that say people who drink more coffee tend to be more open to ideas that contradict their own. 
  
 "I love stuff like that because it’s just so unexpected. It’s not something that you hear and you say, ‘Oh, I knew that.’ It’s not common sense." 
  
 So what’s he planning to do with all his cash? Brand expansion, naturally. Beyond the apps, there’s talk of a book, TV deals and possibly—hey, why not?—a calendar. 
  
 Still, he says he will never stop toiling to come up with surprising tweets. "Sometimes you have to spend hours going through really mundane pieces of information to find the one that’s magical. But I really enjoy finding those magical ones." ||||| UberFacts UberFacts is available in the app store. 
  
 What if you got paid to tweet? 
  
 No, we’re not talking about handling a company’s social media. We’re talking big bucks, hundreds of thousands of dollars, just for typing a few characters, adding a link, and clicking “send.” 
  
 That’s the business 23-year-old Kris Sanchez, who tweets under the account @UberFacts, a Twitter account that tweets — you guessed it — facts, to 7.2 million followers. 
  
 Last year, he made $US500,000 for tweeting sponsored links, according to Fast Company. The links, when clicked by his followers, earn him between $US.01-.03/click. Multiply that by a few sponsored links a day, a couple of hundred thousand eager followers, and 365 days in the year, and you’re rolling in money. 
  
 There’s also an UberFacts app, which reportedly brings in $US60,000 a week in ad revenue. Sanchez tweets 60-70 times a day. 
  
 Fast Company profiled Sanchez, a New Yorker who left college (SUNY New Paltz) after a year, and explained how the sponsored links works: 
  
 The way this works is that a company called Social Reactor, which pairs social media influencers with advertisers, supplies him with galleries or other web pages that he links to in his Tweets. He gets paid for every click those pages receive. Then there are the branded deals he’s done with companies like Ford and Paramount, wherein a simple tweet, accompanied by a link and a hashtag, becomes a virtual slot machine, gushing out thousands to tens of thousands of dollars. 
  
 But Sanchez, like so many others when they join a social network, never imagined he would be making a living off of something that others do for free. 
  
 “I joined Twitter to follow Britney Spears” he told Fast Company. “But I didn’t have anything to tweet about. So I figured, hey, tweeting these facts would be a really good idea. It was just so I could feel like I was closer to her.” 
  
 Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn ||||| Add a location to your Tweets 
  
 When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more |||||

Summary: