Information:  - A character actor or character actress is a supporting actor who plays unusual, interesting, or eccentric characters. The term, often contrasted with that of leading actor, is somewhat abstract and open to interpretation. In a literal sense, all actors can be considered character actors since they all play "characters", but in the usual sense it is an actor who plays a distinctive and important supporting role.   - Thousands Cheer is a 1943 American comedy musical film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Produced at the height of the Second World War, the film was intended as a morale booster for American troops and their families.  - Francis Albert Sinatra (December 12, 1915  May 14, 1998) was an American singer, actor, and producer who was one of the most popular and influential musical artists of the 20th century. He is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 150 million records worldwide. Born in Hoboken, New Jersey, to Italian immigrants, Sinatra began his musical career in the swing era with bandleaders Harry James and Tommy Dorsey. Sinatra found success as a solo artist after he signed with Columbia Records in 1943, becoming the idol of the "bobby soxers". He released his debut album, "The Voice of Frank Sinatra", in 1946. Sinatra's professional career had stalled by the early 1950s, and he turned to Las Vegas, where he became one of its best known performers as part of the Rat Pack. His career was reborn in 1953 with the success of "From Here to Eternity" and his subsequent Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Sinatra released several critically lauded albums, including "In the Wee Small Hours" (1955), "Songs for Swingin' Lovers!" (1956), "Come Fly with Me" (1958), "Only the Lonely" (1958) and "Nice 'n' Easy" (1960).  - A film director is a person who directs the making of a film. Generally, a film director controls a film's artistic and dramatic aspects, and visualizes the script while guiding the technical crew and actors in the fulfillment of that vision. The director has a key role in choosing the cast members, production design, and the creative aspects of filmmaking. Under European Union law, the director is viewed as the author of the film.  - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.  - Dean Martin (born Dino Paul Crocetti; June 7, 1917  December 25, 1995) was an Italian-American singer, actor, comedian, and film producer. One of the most popular and enduring American entertainers of the mid-20th century, Martin was nicknamed the "King of Cool" for his seemingly effortless charisma and self-assurance.  - James David Graham Niven (1 March 1910  29 July 1983) was an English actor and novelist. His many roles included Squadron Leader Peter Carter in "A Matter of Life and Death", Phileas Fogg in "Around the World in 80 Days", and Sir Charles Lytton, ("the Phantom") in "The Pink Panther." He won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in "Separate Tables" (1958).  - Fred Astaire (born Frederick Austerlitz; May 10, 1899  June 22, 1987) was an American dancer, singer, actor, choreographer and television presenter.  - Judy Garland (born Frances Ethel Gumm; June 10, 1922  June 22, 1969) was an American singer, actress, and vaudevillian. She was renowned for her contralto vocals and attained international stardom that continued throughout a career spanning more than 40 years as an actress in musical and dramatic roles, as a recording artist, and on concert stages.  - Jerry Lewis (born Joseph Levitch; March 16, 1926) is an American actor, comedian, singer, film producer, film director, screenwriter, and humanitarian. He is known for his slapstick humor in film, television, stage and radio.  - Joseph Patrick Carroll Naish (January 21, 1896January 24, 1973), known professionally as J. Carrol Naish, was an American character actor. He was nominated twice for an Academy Award for film roles, and he later found fame in the title role of CBS Radio's "Life with Luigi" (19481953).  - Barefoot in the Park is a romantic comedy by Neil Simon. The play premiered on Broadway in 1963 and starred Robert Redford and Elizabeth Ashley. The play was made into a film in 1967, also starring Redford, and Jane Fonda.  - A screenplay writer, screenwriter for short, scriptwriter or scenarist is a writer who practices the craft of screenwriting, writing screenplays on which mass media such as films, television programs, comics or video games are based.  - Rita Dolores Moreno (born Rosa Dolores Alverío; December 11, 1931) is a Puerto Rican-American actress, dancer and singer. Her career has spanned over 70 years; among her notable acting work are supporting roles in the musical films "The King and I" and "West Side Story", as well as a 197177 stint on the children's television series "The Electric Company", and a supporting role on the 1997-2003 TV drama "Oz".  - The Toast of New Orleans is a 1950 MGM musical film directed by Norman Taurog and choreographed by Eugene Loring. It starred Mario Lanza, Kathryn Grayson, David Niven, J. Carrol Naish, James Mitchell and a teenaged Rita Moreno. The film was made in the wake of "That Midnight Kiss", Lanza's successful film debut, as an opportunity for Lanza to sing on the big screen again.  - Mario Lanza (born Alfred Arnold Cocozza; January 31, 1921  October 7, 1959) was an American tenor, actor and Hollywood film star of the late 1940s and the 1950s.  - The Barrymore family is an American acting family. The Barrymores are also the inspiration of a Broadway and West End play called "The Royal Family".  - John Cooper, Jr. (September 15, 1922  May 3, 2011), known as Jackie Cooper, was an American actor, television director, producer and executive. He was a child actor who managed to make the transition to an adult career. Cooper was the first child actor to receive an Academy Award nomination. At age nine, he was also the youngest performer to have been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Rolean honor that he received for the film "Skippy" (1931). For nearly 50 years, Cooper remained the youngest Oscar nominee in any category, until he was surpassed by Justin Henry's nomination, at age eight, in the Supporting Actor category for "Kramer vs. Kramer" (1979).  - Show Boat is a 1927 musical in two acts, with music by Jerome Kern and book and lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II. Based on Edna Ferber's best-selling novel of the same name, the musical follows the lives of the performers, stagehands and dock workers on the "Cotton Blossom", a Mississippi River show boat, over 40 years, from 1887 to 1927. Its themes include racial prejudice and tragic, enduring love. The musical contributed such classic songs as "Ol' Man River", "Make Believe" and "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man".  - Tenor is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range is one of the highest of the male voice types. The tenor's vocal range (in choral music) lies between C, the C one octave below middle C, and A, the A above middle C. In solo work, this range extends up to C, or "tenor high C". The low extreme for tenors is roughly A (two As below middle C). At the highest extreme, some tenors can sing up to two Fs above middle C (F). The tenor voice type is generally divided into the "leggero" tenor, lyric tenor, spinto tenor, dramatic tenor, heldentenor, and tenor buffo or spieltenor.  - Mickey Rooney (born Joseph Yule, Jr.; September 23, 1920  April 6, 2014) was an American actor of film, television, Broadway, radio, and vaudeville. In a career spanning nine decades and continuing until shortly before his death, he appeared in more than 300 films and was one of the last surviving stars of the silent film era.  - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. (abbreviated as MGM or M-G-M, also known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer or Metro, and for a former interval known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer/United Artists, or MGM/UA) is an American media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of feature films and television programs.  - Harry Clifford Keel (April 13, 1919November 7, 2004), known professionally as Howard Keel was an American actor and singer. He starred in many film musicals of the 1950s. He is best known to modern audiences for his starring role in the CBS television series "Dallas" from 1981 to 1991, as Clayton Farlow, opposite Barbara Bel Geddes's character. But to an earlier generation, with his rich bass-baritone singing voice, he was known as the star of some of the most famous MGM film musicals ever made.  - Martin and Lewis were an American comedy duo, comprising singer Dean Martin and comedian Jerry Lewis. They met in 1945 and debuted at Atlantic City's 500 Club on July 25, 1946; the team lasted ten years to the day. Dean Martin is the stage name of Dino Paul Crocetti, born June 7, 1917 in Steubenville, Ohio, while Jerry Lewis is the stage name of Joseph Levitch, born March 16, 1926 in Newark, New Jersey. Martin died on December 25, 1995.  - Peter Sydney Ernest Lawford (born Peter Sydney Ernest Aylen; 7 September 1923  24 December 1984) was a British actor who lived in the United States throughout his adult life.  - Hollywood (, informally Tinseltown ) is an ethnically diverse, densely populated, relatively low-income neighborhood in the central region of Los Angeles, California. It is notable as the home of the U.S. film industry, including several of its historic studios, and its name has come to be a shorthand reference for the industry and the people in it.  - The Gay Life is a musical with a book by Fay and Michael Kanin, lyrics by Howard Dietz, and music by Arthur Schwartz.  - The Hollywood Walk of Fame comprises more than 2,500 five-pointed terrazzo and brass stars embedded in the sidewalks along 15 blocks of Hollywood Boulevard and three blocks of Vine Street in Hollywood, California. The stars are permanent public monuments to achievement in the entertainment industry, bearing the names of a mix of actors, musicians, directors, producers, musical and theatrical groups, fictional characters, and others. The Walk of Fame is administered by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and maintained by the self-financing Hollywood Historic Trust. It is a popular tourist destination, with a reported 10 million visitors in 2003.  - A soprano is a type of classical female singing voice and has the highest vocal range of all voice types. The soprano's vocal range (using scientific pitch notation) is from approximately middle C (C) = 261 Hz to "high A" (A) =880 Hz in choral music, or to "soprano C" (C, two octaves above middle C) =1046 Hz or higher in operatic music. In four-part chorale style harmony, the soprano takes the highest part, which usually encompasses the melody.  The soprano voice type is generally divided into the coloratura, soubrette, lyric, spinto, and dramatic soprano. The lyric soprano is the most common female singing voice.  - Call Me Mister is a revue with sketches by Arnold Auerbach and words and music by Harold Rome. The title refers to troops who are happily returning to civilian life and no longer want to be addressed by their military ranks.   - Ethel Barrymore (born Ethel Mae Blythe; August 15, 1879  June 18, 1959) was an American actress and a member of the Barrymore family of actors. Regarded as the "First Lady of the American Theater", Barrymore was a preeminent stage actress in her era. Barrymore's career spanned six decades.  - Finance is a field that deals with the study of investments. It includes the dynamics of assets and liabilities over time under conditions of different degrees of uncertainty and risk. Finance can also be defined as the science of money management. Finance aims to price assets based on their risk level and their expected rate of return. Finance can be broken into three different sub-categories: public finance, corporate finance and personal finance.  - Jules Munshin (February 22, 1915  February 19, 1970) was a song-and-dance artist who had made his name on Broadway when he starred in "Call Me Mister". Additional Broadway credits include "The Gay Life" and "Barefoot in the Park".  - Edna Mae Durbin (December 4, 1921  April 20, 2013), known professionally as Deanna Durbin, was a Canadian actress and singer, who appeared in musical films in the 1930s and 1940s. With the technical skill and vocal range of a legitimate lyric soprano, she performed many styles from popular standards to operatic arias.  - Life with Luigi is an American radio situation comedy series which began September 21, 1948, on CBS Radio and broadcast its final episode on March 3, 1953.  - Francis Xavier Aloysius James Jeremiah Keenan Wynn (July 27, 1916  October 14, 1986) was an American actor. His expressive face was his stock-in-trade; and, though he rarely carried the lead role, he had prominent billing in most of his film and television parts.  - Kathryn Grayson (February 9, 1922  February 17, 2010) was an American actress and soprano. From the age of twelve, Grayson trained as an opera singer. She was under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer by the early 1940s, soon establishing a career principally through her work in musicals. After several supporting roles, she was a lead performer in such films as "Thousands Cheer" (1943), "Anchors Aweigh" (1945) with Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly, and "Show Boat" (1951) and "Kiss Me Kate" (1953), both with Howard Keel.  - CBS Radio, Inc., formerly known as Infinity Broadcasting Corporation, is one of the largest owners and operators of radio stations in the United States, fifth behind main rivals iHeartMedia (previously Clear Channel Communications, which owns many of the stations that were previously owned by former CBS parent Viacom before 1997), Cumulus Media, Townsquare Media, and Alpha Media. CBS Radio owns and operates 117 radio stations across the country. It is currently part of CBS Corporation, which also owns the CBS radio and television networks, and jointly owns The CW.  - That Midnight Kiss is a 1949 Technicolor American musical romance film also starring Mario Lanza ( in his first leading role ) and Kathryn Grayson . Among the supporting cast were Ethel Barrymore , conductor / pianist Jose Iturbi ( playing himself ) , Keenan Wynn , J. Carrol Naish , and Jules Munshin . The commercially popular film was directed by Norman Taurog , who the following year would again direct Lanza and Grayson in the even more successful The Toast of New Orleans .  - Marriage, also called matrimony or wedlock, is a socially or ritually recognized union between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between them, between them and their children, and between them and their in-laws. The definition of marriage varies according to different cultures, but it is principally an institution in which interpersonal relationships, usually sexual, are acknowledged. In some cultures, marriage is recommended or considered to be compulsory before pursuing any sexual activity. When defined broadly, marriage is considered a cultural universal. Individuals may marry for several reasons, including legal, social, libidinal, emotional, financial, spiritual, and religious purposes. Whom they marry may be influenced by socially determined rules of incest, prescriptive marriage rules, parental choice and individual desire. In some areas of the world, arranged marriage, child marriage, polygamy, and sometimes forced marriage, may be practiced as a cultural tradition. Conversely, such practices may be outlawed and penalized in parts of the world out of concerns for women's rights and because of international law. In developed parts of the world, there has been a general trend towards ensuring equal rights within marriage for women and legally recognizing the marriages of interfaith or interracial, and same-sex couples. These trends coincide with the broader human rights movement.  - Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935  August 16, 1977) was an American singer and actor. Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the "King of Rock and Roll", or simply "the King".  - Romance films or romance movies are romantic love stories recorded in visual media for broadcast in theaters and on cinema that focus on passion, emotion, and the affectionate romantic involvement of the main characters and the journey that their genuinely strong, true and pure romantic love takes them through dating, courtship or marriage. Romance films make the romantic love story or the search for strong and pure love and romance the main plot focus. Occasionally, romance lovers face obstacles such as finances, physical illness, various forms of discrimination, psychological restraints or family that threaten to break their union of love. As in all quite strong, deep, and close romantic relationships, tensions of day-to-day life, temptations (of infidelity), and differences in compatibility enter into the plots of romantic films.  - Norman Rae Taurog (February 23, 1899  April 7, 1981) was an American film director and screenwriter. From 1920 to 1968, Taurog directed 180 films. At the age of 32, he received the Academy Award for Best Director for "Skippy" (1931). He became the youngest person ever to win the award, a record that still remains unbroken as of today. He was later nominated for Best Director for the film "Boys Town" (1938). He directed some of the best-known actors of the twentieth century, including his nephew Jackie Cooper, Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Deanna Durbin, Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Deborah Kerr, Peter Lawford, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, and Elvis Presley. Taurog directed six Martin and Lewis films, and nine Elvis Presley films, more than any other director. For his contribution to the motion picture industry, Norman Taurog has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1600 Vine Street.  - Infidelity (also referred to as cheating, adultery (when married), being unfaithful, or having an affair) is a violation of a couple's assumed or stated contract regarding emotional and/or sexual exclusivity. Other scholars define infidelity as a violation according to the subjective feeling that one's partner has violated a set of rules or relationship norms; this violation results in feelings of sexual jealousy and rivalry.  - Deborah Kerr CBE (born Deborah Jane Kerr-Trimmer; 30 September 192116 October 2007) was a Scottish-born film, theatre and television actress. During her career, she won a Golden Globe for her performance as Anna Leonowens in the motion picture "The King and I" (1956) and the Sarah Siddons Award for her performance as Laura Reynolds in the play "Tea and Sympathy" (a role she originated on Broadway). She was also a three-time winner of the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress.    What is the relationship between 'that midnight kiss' and 'musical film'?
The answer to this question is: