Write a summary based on this article:

CHICAGO (AP) — Bettie Jones, known in her Chicago neighborhood for her work with anti-violence community groups, was killed by police responding to a domestic disturbance just hours after she hosted family on Christmas Day. 
  
 Janet Cooksey, center, the mother of Quintonio LeGrier, is comforted by family and friends during a news conference to speak out about Saturday's shooting death of her son by the Chicago police, on Sunday,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Latonya Jones, 19, holds a photo of her mother, Bettie Jones, during a vigil on Sunday, Dec. 27, 2015, in Chicago. Jones and Quintonio LeGrier, 19, were killed early Saturday by police responding to a... (Associated Press) 
  
 Chicago police officers talk with relatives of one of the two people killed by a police officer, as they investigate a shooting in the entry of their apartment in Chicago on Saturday, Dec. 26, 2015. A... (Associated Press) 
  
 A child holds a candle during a vigil outside Bettie Jones' home on Sunday, Dec. 27, 2015, in Chicago. Jones and Quintonio LeGrier, 19, were killed early Saturday by police responding to a domestic disturbance... (Associated Press) 
  
 LaTarsha Jones, center, the daughter of Bettie Jones who was shot and killed by Chicago Police, is surrounded by friends and family in front of Jones' home in Chicago on Sunday, Dec. 27, 2015. Attorneys... (Associated Press) 
  
 The fatal shooting of Jones, 55, and 19-year-old Quintonio LeGrier, a college student visiting his father for the holiday, at a West Side home has raised further questions about a police department already under intense scrutiny. Grieving relatives and friends of the two victims gathered Sunday to remember them and criticize city officials who they said had once again failed residents. 
  
 The shooting happened early Saturday morning at the small two-story home, where Jones lived in a ground-floor apartment and LeGrier's father in an upstairs unit. Police, who were responding to a 911 call made by LeGrier's father after an argument with his son, have released few details beyond a brief statement. 
  
 It said that officers "were confronted by a combative subject resulting in the discharging of the officer's weapon" and added that Jones "was accidentally struck." 
  
 Both Jones and LeGrief were black, and their deaths come amid scrutiny of police after a series of deaths of African-Americans at the hands of officers across the country gave rise to the Black Lives Matter movement. It also comes amid a federal civil rights investigation into the Chicago Police Department that was launched after last month's release of police dashcam video showing white officer Jason Van Dyke shooting black 17-year-old Laquan McDonald 16 times in 2014. 
  
 Police did not disclose the race of the officer or officers, saying only that those involved will be placed on administrative duties. 
  
 LeGrier's mother, Janet Cooksey, during a vigil Sunday placed candles on the porch of the home. On either side of the door, Post-It notes indicated where two bullets hit siding on the house. 
  
 "I used to watch the news daily and I would grieve for other mothers, other family members, and now today I'm grieving myself," Cooksey said at a news conference outside the residence earlier Sunday. 
  
 Others who spoke said police should have used stun guns or other nonlethal methods if they felt they needed to subdue LeGrier. 
  
 "Why do (police) have to shoot first and ask questions later?" Jacqueline Walker, a friend of Jones, asked. "It's ridiculous." 
  
 Family spokesman Eric Russell said Jones' many grandchildren had hoped to thank her for their Christmas gifts over the weekend. 
  
 Autopsy findings released Sunday by the Cook County medical examiner's office say Jones died from a gunshot to the chest and LeGrier from multiple gunshot wounds. 
  
 Police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi on Sunday said only that the shootings are being investigated by the city's Independent Police Review Authority, the main police oversight agency. 
  
 LeGrier's cousin, Albert Person, said LeGrier's father had invited his son to a holiday gathering at another home on Christmas. Person said the son's refusal to go caused friction, but he downplayed the severity of the argument. 
  
 "What family doesn't fight on the holidays?" he said. 
  
 LeGrier's father, Antonio LeGrier, told the Chicago Sun-Times his son appeared to be a "little agitated" when the father returned to the apartment. Around 4:15 a.m., the elder LeGrier said he heard loud banging on his locked bedroom door and that his son said, "You're not going to scare me." He said his son tried to bust the door open, but he kept him from doing so and called police. He added that he called Jones on the floor below to say his son was a "little irate" and not to open the door unless police arrived. 
  
 He said Jones told him his son was outside with a baseball bat. Person said the teen was back in the house by the time police arrived. 
  
 When they did arrive, Antonio LeGrier said he heard Jones yell, "Whoa, whoa, whoa!" He said he heard gunshots as he made his way down from the second floor and then saw his son and Jones lying in the foyer. 
  
 He said his son had emotional problems after spending most of his childhood in foster care. He described him as a "whiz kid" on break from Northern Illinois University, where he majored in electrical engineering technology. 
  
 Cooksey denied that her son ever exhibited "combative behavior." She said he "might've been angry with his father and they might've got into it," but that he was not angry or violent. 
  
 It's not clear whether Jones tried to intervene before being shot or if she was hit by gunfire while answering the door. 
  
 Sam Adam Jr., a lawyer for the Jones family, said Jones and LeGrier were apparently shot near the doorway of the home, but that shell casings were found some 20 feet away. He said that raised questions about whether police could have perceived LeGrier as a threat at such a distance. 
  
 It couldn't be independently verified that the casings had any link to Saturday's shooting. 
  
 Adam also said police took the hard drive of a home-security camera from across the street, but it was unknown if it or other cameras in the neighborhood captured the shootings. 
  
 Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel's office said in a statement Saturday that IPRA would share its evidence with the county prosecutor's office. 
  
 "Anytime an officer uses force the public deserves answers, and regardless of the circumstances, we all grieve anytime there is a loss of life in our city," Emanuel said in the statement. ||||| As questions grow about a police-involved shooting where a 55-year-old bystander was killed, the City of Chicago announced what the mayor’s office called “two significant policy steps,” related to police shootings and procedures for interceding in domestic violence situations. NBC 5's Phil Rogers reports. (Published Monday, Dec 28, 2015) 
  
 As questions grow about a police-involved shooting where a 55-year-old bystander was killed, the City of Chicago announced what the mayor’s office called “two significant policy steps,” related to police shootings and procedures for interceding in domestic violence situations. 
  
 Saturday morning, 55-year-old Bettie Jones was shot and killed in a flurry of gunfire directed at a 19-year-old-man armed with a baseball bat at a two story home on Chicago’s west side. That man, Quentonio LeGrier, also died, shot seven times. 
  
 “She didn’t do anything to nobody,” said Jones’ daughter Latisha. “All she did was answer her front door!” 
  
 Chicago Police have given few details about the incident, saying that the officers were responding to a 911 call made by LeGrier’s father, after an argument with his son. Police said in a statement, that arriving officers were confronted by a “combative subject resulting in the discharging of the officer’s weapon,” and that “the female victim was accidentally struck.” 
  
 “I feel like I just want to wake up and have my mom say, ‘Girl, that was a dream,’” said Jones daughter Latarsha. “But I can’t. She’s gone. She was murdered.” 
  
 Effective immediately, the city says officers involved in shootings will be removed from street duty for a minimum of 30 days while those shootings are investigated. 
  
 “I was really pleased to see that,” said Sharon Fairley, the acting chief of the Independent Police Review Authority, the agency responsible for investigating police shootings. “I definitely think that’s a step in the right direction.” 
  
 Fairley acknowledged public dissatisfaction with the length of time many police shooting investigations can take. But she defended her agency’s work, saying it was most important that those investigations were done correctly. 
  
 “These matters are always serious,” she said. “These investigations can be extremely complex, and there can be valid reasons that they can be extended in time.” 
  
 At the same time, Fairly acknowledged that she is stepping into leadership at IPRA, at a time when public outrage over police shootings may be at an all-time high. 
  
 “It’s a lot of pressure, there’s no question,” she said. “Stepping into this job at this time in this firestorm, it certainly isn’t easy. But I have to put all that aside and focus on the work and getting the work done.” 
  
 Attorney Sam Adam Jr., who represents Jones’ family, questioned why it was necessary for police to fire at a subject armed only with a baseball bat. 
  
 “The shell casings, many of them, are found down by the street on the sidewalk, which would suggest that is at least 25 feet away,” Adam said. 
  
 In an obvious reference to the domestic investigation where the two were shot early Saturday morning, the mayor’s office announced in a statement Monday that the city would embark on a complete review of crisis intervention policies. 
  
 “The Mayor has called on them to determine the deficiencies in the current training or policies,” that statement said, “and outline what steps can be taken immediately to address them.” 
  
 Emanuel’s office announced Monday he was cutting a Cuban vacation short, to return to Chicago and manage the latest crisis confronting his Police Department. Fairley would not comment specifically about the investigation into the Saturday morning shootings, emphasizing instead, that she has embarked in a top to bottom review of her agency and its investigations into allegations of police wrongdoing. 
  
 “I’m not about finger pointing,” she said. “What I’m focused on, is how are we going to fix it? What are the policies and procedures and training that we can put in place, to get the ship going in the right direction?” ||||| A definitive statement from the Chicago Police Department about an officer's fatal shooting of two people — one by accident — came Saturday night, 16 hours after the incident. 
  
 But when it did arrive, the comments from interim Superintendent John Escalante were notable. In the late-evening press release, Escalante not only announced a major policy shift on returning officers to duty after a shooting, he also took the unusual step to acknowledge that an innocent victim had been hit by an errant police bullet. 
  
 "The 55-year-old female victim was accidentally struck and tragically killed," the statement read. "The department extends its deepest condolences to the victim's family and friends." 
  
 In contrast, the 2012 department statement on the fatal shooting of 22-year-old Rekia Boyd, who was also an unintended target of a police shooting, simply noted that a female had "sustained a gunshot wound." 
  
 Both the policy announcement and Escalante's condolences reflect the emerging reality for the Chicago Police Department in the wake of last month's release of video of a white police officer fatally shooting an African-American teen. The disturbing 2014 dash-cam video showed 17-year-old Laquan McDonald carrying a pocket knife and walking away from Officer Jason Van Dyke, who shot 16 rounds at the teen within seconds of arriving at the scene and now faces first-degree murder charges. 
  
 The video, which was released only after a judge's order, has led to swift — even dizzying — changes. The U.S. Justice Department has launched a civil rights investigation into excessive force. Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy was fired, and the head of the independent agency that investigates allegations of police misconduct was forced out. Mayor Rahm Emanuel publicly apologized. 
  
 The shooting about 4:30 a.m. Saturday in the 4700 block of West Erie Street was the department's first lethal use of force since the McDonald video was released, providing a glimpse of how it is responding to the biggest crisis of Emanuel's tenure in office. 
  
 Department spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said Sunday that Escalante and his command staff had started working on the policy change a week and a half ago. But in the wake of learning details from the West Side shooting, Escalante insisted the statement acknowledge the accidental killing of Bettie Jones, Guglielmi said. 
  
 Chicago police fatally shot Quintonio LeGrier, 19, and Bettie Jones, 55, as officers responded to a domestic disturbance at a West Garfield Park residence Dec. 26, 2015, authorities said. 
  
 "It was a tragic loss of life. The superintendent was adamant that the department express our deepest condolences," Guglielmi said. "... The climate we are in is causing us to look at this. We are really trying to make the department better." 
  
 In the Saturday shooting on Erie, Harrison District officers were responding to a domestic violence call of a man wielding a bat. 
  
 Police shot and killed Quintonio LeGrier, a 19-year-old engineering student, after he became combative with them, the Chicago police statement said. During the altercation, Bettie Jones, 55, a mother of five who lived downstairs from LeGrier's father, was shot and killed by accident. 
  
 Hours after the West Side incident, Chicago police were involved in yet another shooting, though this one nonfatal. At 1:30 p.m. in the 1000 block of West 103rd Place, officers confronted a man with a gun, leading one officer to open fire, wounding the man. 
  
 Such confrontations with the public are the focus of the Justice Department civil rights investigation, which was announced earlier this month by U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 
  
 The probe will include a detailed examination of how and when officers use force in the department, as well as how the city investigates the incidents. 
  
 The investigation was prompted by the McDonald shooting but comes after years of civil lawsuits against the department and outcries from the public over police-involved shootings. 
  
 The review is expected to be lengthy, taking at least a year, and will likely lead to a court-enforced consent decree demanding systemic reforms. Recommended changes could cover anything from training to how firearm discharges are recorded and documented in the department. 
  
 But Chicago doesn't have to wait for the Justice Department review to address problems, and Escalante has already made some moves aimed at restoring public confidence. 
  
 Soon after Escalante took over as interim superintendent, he announced a policy change on dashboard cameras. Because there was missing audio in the dashboard cameras from responding vehicles the night of McDonald's shooting, Escalante has sent out inspectors on random checks to see if the dash cams are working property. If an inspector finds that an officer didn't tell a supervisor about a faulty camera, that officer could be disciplined. 
  
 Then on Saturday night, the interim superintendent announced another policy change: Officers involved in shootings will be shifted to mandatory administrative duty, returning to their assigned bureau for desk duty for 30 days. The new policy includes the officer or officers involved in Saturday's shooting, according to the police statement. 
  
 That is a big shift from the current policy in which officers generally had three days to see a counselor and be cleared for return to duty unless it was determined that they need more time off. Officers were also required to report for a one-day retraining at the academy — though that could happen after they returned to duty. 
  
 During the newly established 30-day period, the officer will be required to attend the training class at the academy, commanding officers will monitor and evaluate if the officer is prepared to return to street duties, and the officer will have to see a department counselor. 
  
 Guglielmi said Escalante reviewed other cities' departments and settled on the 30 days because "it seemed like a fair amount of time to get all those objectives done." 
  
 Providing officers with time off following a shooting is not unusual. It is considered essential to making sure an officer is coping with any psychological issues in the aftermath of the incident and is getting whatever support he or she needs. Getting the proper help for officers is not an easy task in a profession where admitting weakness has historically been frowned upon. ||||| Tensions remain high in Chicago after police shot and killed two people early Saturday morning, with the force already faces heightened scrutiny overs its practices. 
  
 Janet Cooksey says her 19-year-old son, Quintonio LeGrier, was a college honors student studying engineering who recently had been dealing with some mental health issues, reports CBS News correspondent Anna Werner. 
  
 Family members reportedly called police to their home Saturday because the teen was threatening his father with a baseball bat. Detectives described LeGrier as being "combative" before he was shot. 
  
 "I used to watch the news daily and I would grieve for other mothers, other family members, and now today I'm grieving myself," said Janet Cooksey, LeGrier's mother. "When do it come to an end?" 
  
 Fifty-five-year-old Bettie Jones, a mother of five, lived in the same building. She was reportedly waiting for police to respond, then got shot along with LeGrier. 
  
 Police admitted she was quote "accidentally struck and tragically killed." 
  
 "Right now is a time for compassion towards the suffering of families that are experiencing injustices throughout our city," Jahmal Cole, a Jones relative, said Sunday at a press conference. 
  
 The frustration felt by this community comes amid protests over a string of deadly police shootings. 
  
 Video released recently showed the death of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald, shot by officer Jason Van Dyke 16 times in October of 2014. The officer faces criminal charges. 
  
 On Sunday, Mayor Rahm Emanuel called for a review of how police are trained to respond to mental health issues in a crisis. 
  
 But family, friends and local religious leaders holding a vigil for LeGrier and Jones were critical of Emanuel's efforts - some now even asking for intervention from the White House. 
  
 "We hope to hear from the president, President Obama -- we are under siege," said Pastor Ira Acree of the Greater St. John Bible Church. 
  
 This incident was one of two separate police-involved shooting incidents Saturday. Chicago's independent police review board is investigating both, while the Justice Department continues to investigate whether the Chicago police use excessive force appropriately. |||||

Summary: