Summarize this article:

Contact: 
  
 Brian Frederick 
  
 The ALS Association 
  
 202-465-8800 
  
 bfrederick@alsa-national.org 
  
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
  
 The ALS Association Triples Spending on Research Thanks to Ice Bucket Donations 
  
 Board of Trustees Approves Integrated, Collaborative Approach 
  
 Washington, D.C. (October 31, 2014) – The ALS Association announced on Thursday that the Board of Trustees has met and developed a long-term strategy for leveraging the Ice Bucket Challenge donations it has received to advance its integrated mission of leading the fight to treat and cure ALS through global research, care services and public policy. This will result in The Association tripling the amount of money it spends on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) research to ensure the most promising research continues to be funded. It will also result in greater support to The Association’s Certified Treatment Centers of Excellence, which provide evidence-based, multi-disciplinary ALS care and services in a supportive atmosphere with an emphasis on hope and quality of life. 
  
 ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects neurons (nerve cells) in the brain and the spinal cord. Eventually, people with ALS lose the ability to initiate and control muscle movement, which often leads to total paralysis and death within two to five years of diagnosis. There is no cure and no life-prolonging treatments for the disease. 
  
 “We are thrilled with the additional funding for research and care services that the Ice Bucket Challenge has provided, even more important is the chance the entire ALS community now has to leverage our good fortune to work together toward our common goal of defeating this horrific disease,” said Bill Thoet, Chairman of the Board of Trustees of The ALS Association. “Together, we now have the unique opportunity to fundamentally change the nature of this fight.” 
  
 The Association’s Board of Trustees, staff, chapter representatives and advisers met in Denver on October 17-18 to review and incorporate the feedback they had received from key stakeholders, including people living with ALS and their families, over the last two months. 
  
 “Thanks to the Ice Bucket Challenge, we are able to continue to improve the most comprehensive pipeline for ALS treatments in the world,” said Barbara Newhouse, President and CEO of The ALS Association. “We now have tremendous momentum in the search for a cure. Our integrated mission, combined with increased collaboration, is accelerating our ability to move potential treatments through the drug development process and improve the support for people living with ALS at our care centers.” 
  
 The Certified Treatment Centers of Excellence provide a comprehensive, multidisciplinary team approach to care that has been proven to both extend and improve the quality of life for those living with ALS. In addition, the Centers actively participate in ALS-related research. 
  
 Earlier this month, The ALS Association announced it was supporting six different programs and initiatives designed to expedite the search for treatments and a cure for ALS. Four of these projects involve global research cooperative alliances that would not have moved forward without the funding from The ALS Association and the matching donations it received. 
  
 In addition, the Association launched a new collaborative initiative that will bring the ALS community together to establish an ALS drug development guidance document. No such document exists today, which creates uncertainty and risk for what already is a difficult, lengthy and costly process. This initiative will incentivize ALS drug development, reduce obstacles and provide new opportunities to accelerate research and bring new treatments from the bench to the bedside. 
  
 About The ALS Association 
  
 The ALS Association is the only national non-profit organization fighting Lou Gehrig’s Disease on every front. By leading the way in global research, providing assistance for people with ALS through a nationwide network of chapters, coordinating multidisciplinary care through certified clinical care centers, and fostering government partnerships, The Association builds hope and enhances quality of life while aggressively searching for new treatments and a cure. For more information about The ALS Association, visit our website at www.alsa.org. ||||| Contact: 
  
 Carrie Munk 
  
 The ALS Association 
  
 cmunk@alsa-national.org 
  
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
  
 The ALS Association Announces Initial Commitment of $21.7 Million from Ice Bucket Challenge Donations to Expedite Search for Treatments and a Cure for ALS 
  
 Additional $12.5 Million in Matching Gifts Secured Bring Total Commitment to $34.2 million 
  
 Washington, D.C. (October 2, 2014)—After the generous outpouring of support from people all around the globe due to this summer’s Ice Bucket Challenge, the Board of Trustees of The ALS Association has approved an initial expenditure of $21.7 million in funding to support six programs and initiatives to expedite the search for treatments and a cure for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Additionally, $12.5 million in matching donations bring the total commitment to $34.2 million. 
  
 Four of these projects involve global research cooperative alliances that would not have moved forward without this significant funding from The Association, made possible through the generosity of donors worldwide, along with matching gifts. 
  
 “We recognize the sense of urgency felt by people living with the disease and their families and I want to assure everyone that our number one commitment is to making decisions that get treatments to patients in the fastest way possible,” said Barbara Newhouse, President and CEO of The ALS Association. “Our roadmap to treatments involves collaboration with other ALS organizations and with industry, university investigators, government agencies, pharmaceutical and biotech companies and other nonprofit organizations committed to the fight against ALS.” 
  
 During a 30-day period this summer, The ALS Association received more than $100 million in donations. Over the last few weeks, The Association has actively convened key stakeholder groups, including a panel of advisors made up of people living with ALS, to provide input into a comprehensive plan that The Association will release in early November after approval from the Board of Trustees. 
  
 The bulk of The ALS Association’s initial $21.7 million commitment—$18.5 million—will advance four new cooperative alliances for the next one to three years involving research that has been identified as critical to finding new treatments for ALS: ALS Accelerated Therapeutics (ALS ACT), The New York Genome Center, the Neuro Collaborative, and Project MinE.These projects would not have been possible without Ice Bucket Challenge donations. 
  
 There will be synergies between these four initiatives that will increase the quantity, and most importantly, the value of data openly available to the ALS research community worldwide. The ALS Association will play a pivotal role in coordinating these efforts. 
  
 Under the leadership of The ALS Association’s Chief Scientist, Lucie Bruijn, Ph.D., M.B.A., The Association has been involved in the planning of each of these new collaborations, and, in each case, has sought the advice and evaluation of leading researchers to assess scientific merit, to gather additional ideas for each project, and to ensure the maximum relevance to future therapies. 
  
 ALS Accelerated Therapeutics (ALS ACT) 
  
 ALS ACT is a novel academic-industry partnership to accelerate treatments for people living with ALS, which is able to proceed with a $10 million commitment from The ALS Association and matching gift of $10 million from The ALS Finding a Cure Foundation. 
  
 The combined contributions from The ALS Association and The ALS Finding a Cure Foundation will significantly expedite therapy development. The ALS Finding a Cure Foundation is led by Peter N. Foss, Lee Rizzuto and Denis Rizzuto. The foundation was created in April of 2014 and is a tribute to Denis’ wife, Christie Rizzuto, who was diagnosed with ALS five years ago at age 41. ALS ACT will enact a multi-pronged approach to expediting clinical trials in ALS. Efforts will include (1) developing neuroimaging tools as potential biomarkers for ALS progression, a key unmet need in trials; (2) development of therapeutic approaches to decrease production of misfolded proteins within motor neurons and reverse neuroinflammation, two major contributors to the disease process; (3) a challenge grant program to overcome key roadblocks in the search for therapies; (4) support for phase IIA pilot clinical trials using biomarkers. Merit Cudkowicz, Co-Chair of the Northeast ALS Consortium (NEALS) and Chief of Neurology and the ALS Program at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), notes that these efforts will accelerate diagnosis, speed development of new treatments for people with ALS, and remove road blocks to finding a cure for ALS. 
  
 In addition, ALS ACT will strengthen ongoing collaborative efforts in support of clinical trials, including NeuroBANK, a central repository for clinical research data in ALS, and the NEALS (Northeast ALS Consortium) Biorepository. Initially established through the Translational Research Advancing Therapies for ALS (TREAT ALS™) NEALS Clinical Trials Network, NeuroBANK will host, curate, and disseminate proteomic, genomic and clinical data. 
  
 Investigators: Merit Cudkowicz, M.D., MSc, Massachusetts General Hospital; Robert J. Brown, Jr. M.D., D.Phil., University of Massachusetts; Stanley H. Appel, M.D., Houston Methodist Hospital System; and Clive Svendsen, Ph.D., Cedars-Sinai; Nadeem Ishaque, Ph.D., and Tom Gentile Senior Vice President General Electric. 
  
 New York Genome Center (NYGC) 
  
 The ALS Association and its Greater New York Chapter will match a $2.5 million gift from The Tow Foundation in support of a new project at the NYGC, which will bring together for the first time a world-class scientific team to further understand the genetic basis of ALS. Recent discoveries have indicated that genes may contribute to a much larger percentage of ALS cases than previously thought. Finding these genes and understanding how they work will allow development of new therapeutic approaches. Under the leadership of Drs. Robert Darnell and Hemali Phatnani together with their advisors, including Tom Maniatis and Marc Tessier-Lavigne , the NYGC will spearhead a cooperative and multidisciplinary effort to provide open-source “big data” to benefit the entire ALS research community. 
  
 Investigators: Robert B. Darnell, M.D., Ph.D.; Hemali Phatnani, Ph.D.; Tom Maniatis, Ph.D.; Marc Tessier-Lavigne, Ph.D.; Merit Cudkowicz, M.D., MSc; Robert J. Brown, Jr. M.D., D.Phil.; Virginia Lee, Ph.D.; John Q. Trojanowski, M.D., Ph.D., Alex Sherman; James Berry, MD; Neil Shneider, M.D., Ph.D.; David Goldstein, Ph.D.; and Tom Jessell, Ph.D. 
  
 Neuro Collaborative 
  
 The Neuro Collaborative will combine the efforts of three world renowned California labs focused on ALS: Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles, the University of California San Diego and the Gladstone Institutes, an affiliate of the University of California San Francisco, to develop and expedite therapeutic approaches for ALS. The collaborative, which now has funding to proceed with $5 million in Ice Bucket Challenge funding from The ALS Association, will focus on the following: (1) development of antisense therapy for the C9orf72 gene, the most common genetic cause of ALS, in partnership with Biogen-Idec and ISIS Pharmaceuticals; (2) gene therapy to down regulate SOD1, the second-most common ALS gene; (3) establishment of a Stem Cell and Motor Neuron Core Facility to create clinical-grade induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cell lines, which will be openly shared with the ALS research community. iPS cells have emerged as a key research tool and potential source of therapeutic cells in ALS. 4) Using a novel screening tool, identify new targets for drug development and in partnership with the industry these leads will be developed further with the potential of new treatment options in the clinic. The Golden West Chapter of The ALS Association has played a key role in the planning and development of this project. 
  
 Investigators: Don Cleveland, Ph.D. UCSD; Steven Finkbeiner, M.D., Ph.D., the Finkbeiner lab at the Gladstone Institutes; Clive Svendsen, Ph.D., Cedar Sinai Medical Center; and collaborators, Martin Marsala, M.D., UCSD; and Brian Kaspar, Ph.D., Children’s Hospital and Ohio State University. 
  
 Project MinE 
  
 Project MinE is a global collaboration with the goal to sequence the genomes of at least 15,000 people with ALS in an effort to discover new genes that affect ALS, either increasing the risk for the disease or protecting against it. The ALS Association’s funding commitment of $1 million will enable Project MinE to expand to the United States. 
  
 It has become clear that risk for ALS is likely influenced by variants in multiple genes, each of which is relatively rare. The development of advanced sequencing technologies has dramatically reduced the cost of screening large numbers of individuals for these rare variants. Discovering these variants, and understanding how they contribute to disease, or protect against it, is likely to lead to novel approaches to ALS therapies. 
  
 U.S. investigators: John Landers, Ph.D. University of Massachusetts, Worcester; Jonathan Glass, M.D., Emory University. 
  
 International partners include the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Ireland, Spain, Portugal and Belgium. 
  
 In addition to the abovementioned collaborative alliances to drive forward ALS research, The ALS Association’s Board of Trustees also approved two other projects to expedite the search for treatments and a cure for the disease through care services and public policy efforts. 
  
 Grants to Certified Treatment Centers of Excellence 
  
 The ALS Association and its network of chapters currently partner with 43 ALS Association Certified Treatment Centers of Excellence across the United States. Multiple studies have shown the value to a patient of attending a multidisciplinary clinic, including longer survival, increased quality of life, and improved access to potential therapies. One of the requirements in achieving certification through The ALS Association is for the institution to be actively involved in ALS-related research and to provide information to people living with the disease on research outside of their institution. Participation in clinical trials is imperative to the research process to find treatments for the disease. The Ice Bucket Challenge donations have enabled The Association to increase its annual grants to the centers from the presently budgeted $12,500 to $25,000 per center, which was the funding level pre-2008, for the next three years. 
  
 Regulatory Guidance to Expedite Drug Development 
  
 Organizations involved in two other neurological diseases (Alzheimer’s and Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy) have seen great benefits in working to develop guidance for companies to help them navigate the regulatory pathway for approval of effective therapies. The enactment of the patient-focused drug development elements of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act (FDASIA) presents a unique opportunity for The ALS Association to help expedite drug development by developing similar guidance for ALS. No such guidance exists today for ALS, which creates uncertainty and risk for what is already a difficult and costly process. By developing this guidance, The ALS Association will be able to build on and strengthen its engagement with the FDA, industry and people with ALS about drug development as a regulatory process, which will reduce obstacles that can slow and limit innovation and access to effective treatments. 
  
 About The ALS Association 
  
 The ALS Association is the only national non-profit organization fighting Lou Gehrig’s Disease on every front. By leading the way in global research, providing assistance for people with ALS through a nationwide network of chapters, coordinating multidisciplinary care through Certified Treatment Centers of Excellence, and fostering government partnerships, The Association builds hope and enhances quality of life while aggressively searching for new treatments and a cure. For more information about The ALS Association, visit our website at www.alsa.org. 
  
 About The ALS Association 
  
 The ALS Association is the only national non-profit organization fighting Lou Gehrig’s disease on every front. By leading the way in global research, providing assistance for people with ALS through a nationwide network of chapters, coordinating multidisciplinary care through certified clinical care centers, and fostering government partnerships, The Association builds hope and enhances quality of life while aggressively searching for new treatments and a cure. For more information about The ALS Association, visit our website at www.alsa.org. ||||| TIME Health For more, visit TIME Health 
  
 New research projects across the country dedicated to solving ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease, have begun to receive millions of dollars in additional funding thanks to this year’s Ice Bucket Challenge. The funding marks the ALS Association’s first move toward distributing the $115 million it raised to fight the disease. 
  
 “We are tripling the amount annually that we spend on research,” said ALS Association President Barbara Newhouse. “We have a sense of urgency, but we also we recognize that we have to be good stewards of the donor dollars as we move this forward as quickly as researchers can research.” 
  
 Some of the first projects to receive funding include one trying to sequence the genes of 15,000 people with ALS, one partnering with pharmaceutical companies to advance drug treatment, and one developing gene therapy that might reduce the spread of the disease through the body. Hospitals and labs around the world that have received funding are Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles, the University of California San Francisco, the New York Genome Center and others. The ALS Association has distributed more than $20 million so far and has committed to seeing any project it’s funded through to completion. 
  
 In addition to funding research, the Ice Bucket Challenge money will be used to improve treatment for people living with disease, Newhouse said. 
  
 Despite the organization’s now-deeper pockets, Newhouse insists that it will take time before the group will determine fully how to best leverage its influx in cash. Newhouse said she’s been “inundated with proposals” for research projects, and they continue to arrive in her inbox. 
  
 “It’s been amazing how many people have come out of the woodwork to say ‘I have the answer,’” she said. “We’re trying to sort through what’s fact and what’s fiction.” 
  
 And, while $100 million represents a marked increase in funding for the fight against ALS, Newhouse said it’s more of a starting point than the key to a solution. 
  
 Newhouse thinks the funding could lead to a breakthrough—”I’m always a glass half-full kind of person,” she said. “But we would be kidding ourselves if anybody believed that $100 million is going to be all that’s needed to find an effective treatment.” |||||

Summary: