Information:  - Forage fish, also called prey fish or bait fish, are small pelagic fish which are preyed on by larger predators for food. Predators include other larger fish, seabirds and marine mammals. Typical ocean forage fish feed near the base of the food chain on plankton, often by filter feeding. They include particularly fishes of the family Clupeidae (herrings, sardines, shad, hilsa, menhaden, anchovies and sprats), but also other small fish, including halfbeaks, silversides, smelt such as capelin, and the goldband fusiliers pictured on the right.  - Triticale ( × Triticosecale ) , / trtkeli / is a hybrid of wheat ( Triticum ) and rye ( Secale ) first bred in laboratories during the late 19th century in Scotland and Sweden . Commercially available triticale is almost always a second - generation hybrid , i.e. , a cross between two kinds of primary ( first - cross ) triticales . As a rule , triticale combines the yield potential and grain quality of wheat with the disease and environmental tolerance ( including soil conditions ) of rye . Only recently has it been developed into a commercially viable crop . Depending on the cultivar , triticale can more or less resemble either of its parents . It is grown mostly for forage or fodder , although some triticale - based foods can be purchased at health food stores or are to be found in some breakfast cereals . When crossing wheat and rye , wheat is used as the female parent and rye as the male parent ( pollen donor ) . The resulting hybrid is sterile and must be treated with colchicine to induce polyploidy and thus the ability to reproduce itself . The primary producers of triticale are Poland , Germany , France , Belarus and Australia . In 2009 , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) , 15.0 million tons were harvested in 29 countries across the world . The triticale hybrids are all amphidiploid , which means the plant is diploid for two genomes derived from different species . In other words , triticale is an allotetraploid . In earlier years , most work was done on octoploid triticale . Different ploidy levels have been created and evaluated over time . The tetraploids showed little promise , but hexaploid triticale was successful enough to find commercial application . The International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center triticale improvement program wanted to improve food production and nutrition in developing countries . Triticale has potential in the production of bread and other food products , such as cookies , pasta , pizza dough and breakfast cereals . The protein content is...  - A cereal is any grass cultivated for the edible components of its grain (botanically, a type of fruit called a caryopsis), composed of the endosperm, germ, and bran. Cereal grains are grown in greater quantities and provide more food energy worldwide than any other type of crop and are therefore staple crops. Edible grains from other plant families, such as buckwheat (Polygonaceae), quinoa (Amaranthaceae) and chia (Lamiaceae), are referred to as pseudocereals.  - In botany, a fruit is the seed-bearing structure in flowering plants (also known as angiosperms) formed from the ovary after flowering.  - Hay is grass, legumes, or other herbaceous plants that have been cut, dried, and stored for use as animal fodder, particularly for grazing animals such as cattle, horses, goats, and sheep. Hay is also fed to smaller animals such as rabbits and guinea pigs. Pigs may be fed hay, but they do not digest it as efficiently as more fully herbivorous animals.  - Rice is the seed of the grass species "Oryza sativa" (Asian rice) or "Oryza glaberrima" (African rice). As a cereal grain, it is the most widely consumed staple food for a large part of the world's human population, especially in Asia. It is the agricultural commodity with the third-highest worldwide production, after sugarcane and maize, according to 2012 FAOSTAT data. Since a large portion of maize crops are grown for purposes other than human consumption, rice is the most important grain with regard to human nutrition and caloric intake, providing more than one-fifth of the calories consumed worldwide by humans. Wild rice, from which the crop was developed, may have its native range in Australia. Chinese legends attribute the domestication of rice to Shennong, the legendary emperor of China and inventor of Chinese agriculture. Genetic evidence has shown that rice originates from a single domestication 8,20013,500 years ago in the Pearl River valley region of Ancient China. Previously, archaeological evidence had suggested that rice was domesticated in the Yangtze River valley region in China.  - Silage is fermented, high-moisture stored fodder which can be fed to cattle, sheep and other such ruminants (cud-chewing animals) or used as a biofuel feedstock for anaerobic digesters. It is fermented and stored in a process called "ensilage", "ensiling" or "silaging", and is usually made from grass crops, including maize, sorghum or other cereals, using the entire green plant (not just the grain). Silage can be made from many field crops, and special terms may be used depending on type ("oatlage" for oats, "haylage" for alfalfa  but see below for the different British use of the term "haylage").  - Berlin is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its constituent 16 states. With a population of approximately 3.5 million people, Berlin is the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union. Located in northeastern Germany on the banks of rivers Spree and Havel, it is the centre of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region, which has about 6 million residents from more than 180 nations. Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate. Around one-third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers and lakes.  - Rye ("Secale cereale") is a grass grown extensively as a grain, a cover crop and a forage crop. It is a member of the wheat tribe (Triticeae) and is closely related to barley (genus "Hordeum") and wheat ("Triticum"). Rye grain is used for flour, rye bread, rye beer, crisp bread, some whiskeys, some vodkas, and animal fodder. It can also be eaten whole, either as boiled rye berries or by being rolled, similar to rolled oats.  - Barley ("Hordeum vulgare" L.), a member of the grass family, is a major cereal grain grown in temperate climates globally. It was one of the first cultivated grains, particularly in Eurasia as early as 13,000 years ago. Barley has been used as animal fodder, as a source of fermentable material for beer and certain distilled beverages, and as a component of various health foods. It is used in soups and stews, and in barley bread of various cultures. Barley grains are commonly made into malt in a traditional and ancient method of preparation.  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - The tribe Triticeae within the subfamily Pooideae of grasses includes genera with many domesticated species. Major crop genera found in this tribe include wheat (See Wheat taxonomy), barley, and rye; crops in other genera include some for human consumption and others used for animal feed or rangeland protection. Among the world's cultivated species, this tribe has some of the most complex genetic histories. An example is bread wheat, which contains the genomes of three species, only one of them originally a wheat "Triticum" species. Seed storage proteins in the Triticeae are implicated in various food allergies and intolerances.  - Maize (; "Zea mays" subsp. "mays", from after Taíno "mahiz"), also known as corn, is a large grain plant first domesticated by indigenous peoples in Mexico about 10,000 years ago. The six major types of corn are dent corn, flint corn, pod corn, popcorn, flour corn, and sweet corn.  - The European Union (EU) is a political and economic union of member states that are located primarily in Europe. It has an area of , and an estimated population of over 510 million. The EU has developed an internal single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services, and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs, and maintain common policies on trade, agriculture, fisheries, and regional development. Within the Schengen Area, passport controls have been abolished. A monetary union was established in 1999 and came into full force in 2002, and is composed of 19 EU member states which use the euro currency.  - A pig is any of the animals in the genus Sus, within the Suidae family of even-toed ungulates. Pigs include the domestic pig and its ancestor, the common Eurasian wild boar ("Sus scrofa"), along with other species; related creatures outside the genus include the peccary, the babirusa, and the warthog. Pigs, like all suids, are native to the Eurasian and African continents. Juvenile pigs are known as piglets. Pigs are highly social and intelligent animals.  - GRAIN (initially the International Coalition for Development Action or ICDA) is a small international non-profit organisation that works to support small farmers and social movements in their struggles for community-controlled and biodiversity-based food systems.  - The chicken ("Gallus gallus domesticus") is a type of domesticated fowl, a subspecies of the red junglefowl. It is one of the most common and widespread domestic animals, with a population of more than 19 billion as of 2011. Humans keep chickens primarily as a source of food, consuming both their meat and their eggs.  - The domestic goat ("Capra aegagrus hircus") is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe.  - Frankfurt am Main is a metropolis and the largest city in the German state of Hesse and the fifth-largest city in Germany, with a 2015 population of 731,095 within its administrative boundaries, and 2.3 million in its urban area. The city is at the centre of the larger Frankfurt Rhine-Main Metropolitan Region, which has a population of 5.8 million and is Germany's second-largest metropolitan region after Rhine-Ruhr. Since the enlargement of the European Union in 2013, the geographic centre of the EU is about to the east of Frankfurt's CBD, the Bankenviertel. Frankfurt is culturally and ethnically diverse, with around half of the population, and a majority of young people, having a migration background. A quarter of the population are foreign nationals, including many expatriates.  - Forage is plant material (mainly plant leaves and stems) eaten by grazing livestock. Historically, the term "forage" has meant only plants eaten by the animals directly as pasture, crop residue, or immature cereal crops, but it is also used more loosely to include similar plants cut for fodder and carried to the animals, especially as hay or silage. The term forage fish refers to small schooling fish that are preyed on by larger aquatic animals.  - Fodder, a type of animal feed, is any agricultural foodstuff used specifically to feed domesticated livestock, such as cattle, goats, sheep, horses, chickens and pigs. "Fodder" refers particularly to food given to the animals (including plants cut and carried to them), rather than that which they forage for themselves (called forage). Fodder is also called provender and includes hay, straw, silage, compressed and pelleted feeds, oils and mixed rations, and sprouted grains and legumes (such as bean sprouts, fresh malt, or spent malt). Most animal feed is from plants, but some manufacturers add ingredients to processed feeds that are of animal origin.  - There are two types of agricultural crop residues. Field residues are materials left in an agricultural field or orchard after the crop has been harvested. These residues include stalks and stubble (stems), leaves, and seed pods. The residue can be ploughed directly into the ground, or burned first. Good management of field residues can increase efficiency of irrigation and control of erosion. Process residues are materials left after the crop is processed into a usable resource. These residues include husks, seeds, bagasse, molasses and roots. They can be used as animal fodder and soil amendment, fertilizers and in manufacturing.  - Stuttgart ( Swabian: "Schduagert"), often nicknamed the ""Schwabenmetropole"" in reference to its location in the center of Swabia and the local dialect spoken by some natives, is the capital and largest city of the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is located on the Neckar river in a fertile valley locally known as the "Stuttgarter Kessel" an hour from the Swabian Jura and the Black Forest. Stuttgart's name comes from the Old High German word ""Stuogarten"," or "stud farm"  a reference to the city's founding in 950 AD as a stud farm. Stuttgarts urban area has a population of 623,738, and a further making it the sixth largest city in Germany, 2.7 million people live in the citys administrative region, and another 5.3 million people in its metropolitan area, making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Germany.  - The sheep ("Ovis aries") is a quadrupedal, ruminant mammal typically kept as livestock. Like all ruminants, sheep are members of the order Artiodactyla, the even-toed ungulates. Although the name "sheep" applies to many species in the genus "Ovis", in everyday usage it almost always refers to "Ovis aries". Numbering a little over one billion, domestic sheep are also the most numerous species of sheep. An adult female sheep is referred to as a "ewe", an intact male as a "ram" or occasionally a "tup", a castrated male as a "wether", and a younger sheep as a "lamb".  - A farmer (also called an agriculturer) is a person engaged in agriculture, raising living organisms for food or raw materials. The term usually applies to people who do some combination of raising field crops, orchards, vineyards, poultry, or other livestock. A farmer might own the farmed land or might work as a labourer on land owned by others, but in advanced economies, a farmer is usually a farm owner, while employees of the farm are known as farm workers, or farmhands. However, in the not so distant past a farmer was a person who promotes or improves the growth of (a plant, crop, etc.) by labor and attention, land or crops or raises animals (as livestock or fish).  - Wheat ("Triticum" spp., most commonly "T. aestivum") is a cereal grain (botanically, a type of fruit called a caryopsis), originally from the Levant region but now cultivated worldwide. In 2016, world production of wheat was 749 million tonnes, making it the second most-produced cereal after maize (1.03 billion tonnes), with more than rice (499 million tonnes). Since 1960, world production of wheat and other grain crops has tripled and is expected to grow further through the middle of the 21st Century.  - Animal feed is food given to domestic animals in the course of animal husbandry. There are two basic types, "fodder" and "forage". Used alone, the word "feed" more often refers to fodder.  - Hamburg (local pronunciation ; Low German/Low Saxon: "Hamborg" ), officially "Freie und Hansestadt Hamburg" (Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg), is the second largest city in Germany and the eighth largest city in the European Union. It is the second smallest German state by area. Its population is over 1.7 million people, and the wider Hamburg Metropolitan Region covers more than 5.1 million inhabitants. The city is situated on the river Elbe.  - Food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for the body. It is usually of plant or animal origin, and contains essential nutrients, such as carbohydrates, fats, proteins, vitamins, or minerals. The substance is ingested by an organism and assimilated by the organism's cells to provide energy, maintain life, or stimulate growth.  - Livestock are domesticated animals raised in an agricultural setting to produce commodities such as food, fiber, and labor. The term is often used to refer solely to those raised for food, and sometimes only farmed ruminants, such as cattle and goats. In recent years, some organizations have also raised livestock to promote the survival of rare breeds. The breeding, maintenance, and slaughter of these animals, known as animal husbandry, is a component of modern agriculture that has been practiced in many cultures since humanity's transition to farming from hunter-gatherer lifestyles.  - The Levant (Arabic:  "") is an approximate historical geographical term referring to a large area in the Eastern Mediterranean. In its widest historical sense, the Levant included all of the eastern Mediterranean with its islands, that is, it included all of the countries along the Eastern Mediterranean shores, extending from Greece to Cyrenaica. The term "Levant" entered English in the late 15th century from French. It derives from the Italian "Levante", meaning "rising", implying the rising of the sun in the east. As such, it is broadly equivalent to the Arabic term "Mashriq", meaning "the land where the sun rises".  - A legume (or ) is a plant or its fruit or seed in the family Fabaceae (or Leguminosae). Legumes are grown agriculturally, primarily for their grain seed called pulse, for livestock forage and silage, and as soil-enhancing green manure. Well-known legumes include alfalfa, clover, peas, beans, lentils, lupin bean, mesquite, carob, soybeans, peanuts and tamarind. "Fabaceae" is the most common family found in tropical rainforests and in dry forests in the Americas and Africa.  - Biodiversity, a contraction of "biological diversity," generally refers to the variety and variability of life on Earth. One of the most widely used definitions defines it in terms of the variability within species, between species and between ecosystems. It is a measure of the variety of organisms present in different ecosystems. This can refer to genetic variation, ecosystem variation, or species variation (number of species) within an area, biome, or planet. Terrestrial biodiversity tends to be greater near the equator, which seems to be the result of the warm climate and high primary productivity. Biodiversity is not distributed evenly on Earth. It is richest in the tropics. Marine biodiversity tends to be highest along coasts in the Western Pacific, where sea surface temperature is highest and in the mid-latitudinal band in all oceans. There are latitudinal gradients in species diversity. Biodiversity generally tends to cluster in hotspots, and has been increasing through time, but will be likely to slow in the future.    What object entity has the relation of 'parent taxon' with the subject 'triticale'?   Choices: - angiosperms  - animal  - area  - artiodactyla  - babirusa  - capra  - clupeidae  - fabaceae  - gallus  - hordeum vulgare  - human  - lamiaceae  - maize  - mammal  - oryza  - oryza sativa  - ovis  - peccary  - pig  - plant  - polygonaceae  - pooideae  - secale  - suidae  - triticeae  - triticum
The answer to this question is: