So much of being a parent is getting past the shock of it all. From the first explosive diaper, to the often-judgmental in-laws, to what feels like the endless inequity of your partner’s contributions, these are the indignities we suffer through as parents of little ones. It’s the reason we rely so heavily on our friendships. Above all else, to safely process shock. 
  
 As our kids get bigger, so do the shocks. From the first slammed door, to the occasional “I don’t care what you think!”, to the seemingly endless battles over where they’re going, with whom, for how long… 
  
 Prepare, once again, to be shocked. 
  
 Imagine your daughter is in 8thgrade. You pick up her cell phone. Maybe you’re just glancing at the battery charge left, or maybe you’re doing a more intentional routine check of her social media. Either way, this is what you see: 
  
 8thgrade. 
  
 This text was brought to my attention because I run a private online support group called Less Stressed Middle School Parents, where moms and dads frequently reach out for advice on a myriad of challenges we face as parents of early adolescents. Posted topics range from disorganized backpacks to bullying, and from provocative clothing choices to painful loss of friendships. The group is there for people at a time when all those elementary parent friendships you formed start to wane a bit as kids move in different directions, and though the majority of members will never meet in real life, they are there to help process some of the most real and complicated issues we face. It is a lovely, safe, and supportive spot to process these things together. 
  
 The mom who posted this image had the following question: 
  
 “Need advice…would you or would you not contact the parents of a boy (8th grader) who sends highly inappropriate sexual texts to my daughter? Not the first time nor would it be the last…I have repeatedly asked my daughter to block him, do not respond, etc. This is just ONE of the texts he sent…” 
  
 Her post received an unprecedented number of comments, and because of that, it seemed to stay at the top of people’s feeds. This meant people were given time and exposure to overcome the initial shock, keep thinking about, and explore new comments and evolving perspectives as they were posted. Helpful parents and other experts touched so many angles on this issue, I asked the original poster (OP) for her permission to write about it here. (Incidentally, I removed the original post from my online support group to protect her identity going forward.) 
  
 How we processed this as a community: 
  
 As with most parenting situations that catch us off guard, parents’ emotions ran high, but after a few days became more measured and contemplative. Comments covered many important angles, exploring whether the pervasiveness of pornography influences language and behaviors (yes), the need for better comprehensive sex education (yes please), whether this is harassment or consensual (the group was divided), how our kids’ values may not align with ours (painful but true), how a tween’s interpretation of this message may be very different from an adult’s (flattering, anyone?), implications of the #metoo movement in reporting (whether to, to whom, and how?), the connection between self-esteem and sexuality (this can work both ways), and more. It was fascinating to see people talk it out together and to watch perspectives evolve. 
  
 As an author, public speaker and educator, I count this group as one of the biggest accomplishments of my job. We have built a supportive and non-judgmental online community that not only includes smart and thoughtful parents, but other authors and professionals who graciously offer their advice based on years of experience and expertise in the field. 
  
 How some of the experts in the group weighed in: 
  
 Ana Homayoun, a school consultant and author and of several books including most recently, Social Media Wellness: Helping Tweens and Teens Thrive in an Unbalanced Digital World, believes “One of the conversations adults need to have with kids around smartphone use is around consent and active refusal. If a young person receives messages that are inappropriate and/or make them feel uncomfortable, he or she should have the agency to say, ‘Stop writing this stuff. This makes me feel uncomfortable. I will block you.’ If a young person has a smartphone, he or she should have agency in this situation, and if not, then that is a conversation as well.” 
  
 Devorah Heitner, author of Screenwise: Helping Kids Thrive (and Survive) in their Digital Worldand founder of Raising Digital Natives, says “This is (of course) a totally inappropriate text, but also represents a teachable moment. The sender may really believe the recipient will be flattered and even interested. Clearly the sender needs to be educated about more appropriate ways to flirt and express interest, and about birth control. 
  
 “For the recipient, blocking the sender might be sensible, or letting him know that this is offensive and should stop. But it isn’t her job to educate him herself, and if this creates an uncomfortable/unsafe school environment for her, than letting the school know is appropriate. She should be supported in taking any or all of these actions.” 
  
 Laura Tierney, founder of The Social Institute suggests teaching kids to Shut It Down. “Coach through Do’s and encourage your child to shut down any sexually explicit comments or requests for nude photos. You may want to ask them, ‘Let’s say someone asked you for a nude photo of yourself. What are some ways you could shut that person down?’ They can be direct and say, ‘I don’t send private info like that,’ or use humor and send funny nude-related images (like a photo of nude eye shadow colors with a line saying ‘these are the only nudes you’ll ever get from me’) or funny emojis.” 
  
 Dr. Melisa Holmes, physician and Co-Founder of Girlology, says, “Like most things that have to do with middle schoolers and sex and cell phones – there are lots of pieces to the puzzle: brain development, emerging sexuality, harassment, but then there are the foundational topics of sex education including consent, communication, healthy relationships, self advocacy. Oh, and then there’s the conversation about the language he used. So there is no quick piece of advice. 
  
 “Helping middle school kids avoid or navigate things like this requires an ongoing dialogue about all of these topics, as well as spending time ‘rehearsing’ communication skills (but don’t tell your tween/teen that’s what you’re doing!). Then when they are faced with something this challenging, they are more prepared to advocate for themselves and respond in a way that works for them (or they’re more comfortable getting help from that trusted adult who has been having these conversations with them all along!).” 
  
 How I weigh in: 
  
 In my book, Middle School Makeover: Improving The Way You and Your Child Experience The Middle School Years, I advocate for letting kids solve their own social problems by middle school, unless of course we’re talking about a case of harassment or bullying. I think this is really at the crux of this shocking text. Many parents wondered online, “Is this harassment? If so, does this boy need intervention to ensure he doesn’t continue to cross lines? Or is it a welcomed exchange and merely a young, inexperienced teen saying something dumb?” 
  
 My take: The mom admits this text is one of many that her daughter and the boy have been exchanging. Whether the daughter doesn’t block him because she’s enjoying the texts or because she’s afraid to say no, remains unknown. If this were my child, I’d put the boy on hold by texting back “This is her mom and I am removing your contact from her phone until she and I have a chance to discuss these texts.” Then, I’d begin a very non-judgmental and honest series of conversations. 
  
 For me, the question becomes less about punishing the boy, and more about how to open up hard conversations between the mom and daughter about what’s appropriate. In fact, the more the mom punishes the boy or her daughter, the more distracted the daughter will become from what she reallyneeds to learn about sex, relationships, and communication. 
  
 Often when it comes to young “love” and sexting, what’s really behind it are a teen’s feelings of “Am I the type of person who someone could like this way? Am I pretty? Sexy? Handsome? Worthy?” I understand why anyone at that age would be curious about these things and it would be detrimental to add shame to the mix. That’s why it’s important, despite the shock, to take time responding. 
  
 My most important take-away from watching this experience unfold online, is that time brings clarity. Shock encourages a fight, flight, or freeze response from us. 
  
 When I am faced with a highly shocking situation with my own child, I tend to freeze with fear – of making the situation worse, of not considering their point of view, of being tooopen to their point of view, of judgement from other parents, of immediate ramifications, and long-term heart ache. 
  
 As the parent of a middle schooler, perhaps the better response is none of these. In this situation, what might help is something I call “fostering.” 
  
 At times like these, I try to imagine my kid is, in fact, not my kid. I imagine I have suddenly been entrusted with a foster child for whom I want the very best outcome, but with whom I have no history and no future. This helps me decide what is best in the moment without the weight of a timeline full of worry. It restores my feelings of control, reserve, and flexibility. (Isn’t it alwayseasier to parent someone else’s kid in your own mind?) I suddenly feel less inflamed and emotional. Then, I can think about what I want to foster within this child. A sense of self-worth. A knowledge of how to communicate well. An ability to self-soothe. A deeper understanding of how respectful relationships should unfold. A strong foundation of practical knowledge about how our bodies work. 
  
 There is no perfect solution to hard problems. But I know when things get complicated, Ilovea list. So, in the simplest form, I suggest these steps for getting through your moments of shock: 
  
 1) Make sure your kid is safe. 
  
 2) Shut it down until you can talk to your child over one or a few days. (A kid this age can probably only handle so much drama at once.) 
  
 3) Consider the perspective of your support group– and strive to keep a support group that has varying perspectives so you’re not trapped in a thought bubble. 
  
 4) Consider if you can or should take steps to involve others who can support other affected kids. 
  
 4) Make the decision that best fosters your child without letting your own emotions take over. 
  
 As parents of middle schoolers, know that more shocks are in store. But you’ve got a game plan, so you’ve got this. And we’ve got your back. ||||| Concerned Mom Leaves Note for Three Teen 'Mean Girls' at Starbucks: 'I Was Crawling Out of My Skin' 
  
 Courtesy Michelle Icard 
  
 Courtesy Michelle Icard 
  
 Michelle Icard, an author and parenting expert, works from home and starts every day at her neighborhood Starbucks. But on Monday, the 43-year-old mother of two says she couldn't enjoy her tea because of a conversation she couldn't help but overhear at the next table."They were so loud and I was crawling out of my skin – I was so physically bothered by what they were saying," Icard tells PEOPLE of the group of girls she overheard at the coffee shop. "I kept thinking, 'This is going to stop, one of them will say something to redeem themselves,' but it never happened."Icard could hear every word as the three teens trashed another girl they knew."They were bashing her over what was clearly a popularity issue – and they were talking about gifts they'd received and how tacky they were."Icard was so upset she fled the Starbucks and posted about her experience on her Facebook page . A friend commented, suggesting she go back, order the girls another round and leave a note expressing her concerns.She did. She grabbed a card and scrawled a quick note, essentially telling them the importance of being beautiful both inside and out.The note read:"Hi Girls! I sat near you today in Starbucks and listened as you talked. You three are obviously pretty and hard-working. I wish your kindness matched your pretty exteriors. I heard you talk about a girl who sang a song about being lonely in the talent show – and you laughed. About a girl who couldn't be lead singer because you got all the votes, about crappy presents other people have given you … and you sounded so mean and petty."You are smart and you are pretty. It would take nothing from you to also be kind. – M."Icard says, "I think that girls who are really pretty in high school can use that as a way of hiding bad behavior, it's almost like they feel like they have the pretty card so they can get away with it. I wanted to speak their language, but also to show them that you have a lot of power with that prettiness and you can hide behind it or you can be kind and it won't take anything away from you."Icard ordered the girls another round, dropped the note at their table and left before they read what she'd written.An updated Facebook post about the experience has reached more than 40,000 people.Icard tells PEOPLE, "The reaction has been one of gratitude from parents who say thank you for doing this and other moms who have read this to their daughters and had great conversations about the impact of words."She also blogged about the incident in a post that has also been read by thousands of people, with many referring to the trio as "mean girls." Icard says she's uncomfortable with that phrase. "Some girls behave meanly. I hate to label girls mean because that's hard to overcome. All of us have been mean and been the recipient of mean behavior."Icard says she was reluctant to get involved, she's ultimately grateful she did."I think so often we hear something that doesn't sit with us and we don't react, but this was something that made me feel pretty terrible and I thought there might be a way to impact these girls in a way that doesn't embarrass them but lets them know what they do in public affects people." ||||| A Facebook post from an author I admire caught my eye over the weekend for the ways it touched on mean girl culture. 
  
 Michelle Icard, author of "Middle School Makeover: Improving the Way You and Your Child Experience the Middle School Years" (Bibliomotion) posted about sitting at her local Starbucks in North Carolina and overhearing three girls, whom she guessed to be in around ninth grade, poking fun at a fourth girl who wasn't present. 
  
 RELATED: TRENDING LIFE & STYLE NEWS THIS HOUR 
  
 "I'm crawling out of my skin sitting next to three very pretty, very boisterous, horribly behaved young teenage girls," Icard posted on Facebook. "So far they have laughed about 1) a girl who wrote a song for the talent show about being lonely ... 2) the crappy presents they have gotten in the past from friends 3) girls who copy them. ... It is taking all my restraint to keep from exploding so I'm complaining to you all instead." 
  
 Ninety minutes later, Icard shared a follow-up post with a photo of a note she'd delivered to the girls. 
  
 "I left and went to do my grocery shopping, conflicted the whole time, and I could see the girls still sitting in Starbucks as I drove home," she wrote in the follow-up. 
  
 "I ran into my house, grabbed a note card and wrote a quick, heartfelt note. Then I ordered three mini frappuccinos on my mobile app and headed back up to Starbucks. They were still there. I walked up to them and said, 'Hi Girls. You don't know me but it looks like you're here studying and I wrote you a note of encouragement.' I handed them the card and walked away. (The drinks weren't ready, but the barista agreed to delivering them for me.)" 
  
 The note read: 
  
 "Hi Girls! I sat near you today in Starbucks and listened as you talked. You three are obviously pretty and hard-working. I wish your kindness matched your pretty exteriors. I heard you talk about a girl who sang a song about being lonely in the talent show — and you laughed. About a girl who couldn't be lead singer because you got all the votes, about crappy presents other people have given you … and you sounded so mean and petty. 
  
 "You are smart and you are pretty. It would take nothing from you to also be kind. — M." 
  
 Icard, who also has developed a social leadership curriculum for schools, wrote about the experience on her blog, and I called her Monday night to talk about it. 
  
 Michelle Icard An author and developer of social leadership workshops for teens had a few remarks to share with three teen girls she overheard at Starbucks. An author and developer of social leadership workshops for teens had a few remarks to share with three teen girls she overheard at Starbucks. (Michelle Icard) 
  
 "I have a pretty strong mind-your-own business policy, but I was sitting there having such a visceral reaction," Icard told me. "I thought, 'Maybe nobody else is going to give them this feedback. I don't know that they're going to hear this any other way.'" 
  
 She said she was terrified to hand the girls the note. "When I got to the Starbucks, my knees were knocking," she said. 
  
 But the chance of inspiring them to evaluate the power of their words compelled her. 
  
 "My best-case scenario is they would all three go, 'I did not realize how that sounded,' or 'Oh my gosh, I feel bad,'" Icard said. "That's best-case, but far-fetched. My best realistic scenario is they laughed it off or thought, 'What a weird old lady,' but they went home, and one of them was thinking, 'I felt a little funny saying that stuff, and now I know why.' 
  
 "Sometimes, at that age, you go along, but you feel a little guilty," Icard said. "I hope this causes them to re-evaluate that feeling if they had a little of it." 
  
 A handful of people have questioned why Icard commented about the girls' appearance — in the posts and in her note. 
  
 "I think it's an important part of the story," she said. "I think that's a way a lot of girls hide their bad behavior, by fitting in perfectly physically." 
  
 I think that's true of grown women as well. Heck, men and boys too. 
  
 One of the most fascinating parts of the whole ordeal, in fact, is how quickly it transcends teen girl behavior. Who among us hasn't witnessed — or taken part in — a conversation that left a pit in our stomach? Who hasn't wondered whether and when to speak up? 
  
 "I think all of us, when we're caught up sometimes, it's easy to forget we're talking about someone who has feelings," Icard said. "And just because they're not there doesn't mean it's not hurtful. That's what I'm hoping they realize — maybe in a private, quiet moment later or maybe when they see someone else doing it. Being nice doesn't take anything away from you." 
  
 I'm glad Icard weighed in, because I'm a firm believer in the takes-a-village approach to raising good humans. I'd love to hear your thoughts. Did the note overstep some sort of boundary, or did it provide some much-needed guidance? Or something in between? Email me your thoughts, and we'll continue the conversation in a future column. 
  
 hstevens@tribpub.com 
  
 Twitter @heidistevens13 
  
 RELATED STORIES: 
  
 'Love and acceptance?' Then let the girl wear a tux to prom 
  
 To Discovery Girls: Swimsuits for kids need to be fun, not flattering 
  
 When your child lies to you, sometimes it's best to play along |||||

Write a summary.