Question: Information:  - Pet Shop Boys are an English electronic pop duo, formed in London in 1981 and consisting of Neil Tennant (main vocals, keyboards, occasional guitar) and Chris Lowe (keyboards, occasional vocals).  - Girls Aloud are an English-Irish pop girl group, which was created through the ITV talent show "" in 2002. The group comprised singers Cheryl Cole, Nadine Coyle, Sarah Harding, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh. The group achieved a string of twenty consecutive top ten singles in the United Kingdom, including four number ones. They also achieved seven certified albums, of which two reached number one. They have been nominated for five Brit Awards, winning the 2009 Best Single for "The Promise".  - Danielle Jane "Dannii" Minogue (born 20 October 1971) is an Australian singer, dancer, songwriter, actress and fashion designer. She rose to prominence in the early 1980s for her roles in the Australian television talent show "Young Talent Time" with another known fellow Australian Tina Arena and the soap opera "Home and Away", before beginning her career as a pop singer in the early 1990s. Minogue achieved early success with hits such as "Love and Kisses", "This is It", "Jump to the Beat" and "Baby Love", though by the release of her second album, her popularity as a singer had declined, leading her to make a name for herself with award-winning performances in musicals with "Grease" and also in "Notre Dame De Paris", as well as other acting credits in "The Vagina Monologues" and as Lady Macbeth. The late 1990s saw a brief return to music after Minogue reinvented herself as a dance artist with "All I Wanna Do", her first number one UK Club hit.  - Nicola Maria Roberts (born 5 October 1985) is an English recording artist, fashion designer, and songwriter. After auditioning and successfully completing the reality television series and competition "Popstars The Rivals", Roberts became part of girl-group Girls Aloud. Their debut single "Sound of the Underground" topped the UK Singles chart. This success helped them win the competition and they were later entered in "Guinness World Records" as the most successful reality television music-group. The group enjoyed 20 consecutive top ten singles, spawning five albums and positive critical responses. During her time with Girls Aloud, Roberts received negative press attention for her pale skin tone and ginger hair which left her depressed with her fame.  - The Official Charts Company (previously known as the Chart Information Network (CIN) The Official UK Charts Company and also referred to Official Charts) is a British inter-professional organisation that compiles various "official" record charts in the United Kingdom, including the UK Singles Chart, the UK Albums Chart, the UK Singles Downloads Chart and the UK Album Downloads Chart, as well as genre-specific and music video charts. The OCC produces its charts by gathering and combining sales data from retailers through market researchers Millward Brown, and claims to cover 99% of the singles market and 95% of the album market, and aims to collect data from any retailer who sells more than 100 chart items per week.  - Cher (born Cherilyn Sarkisian; May 20, 1946) is an American singer and actress. Commonly referred to as the Goddess of Pop, she is described as embodying female autonomy in a male-dominated industry. She is known for her distinctive contralto singing voice and for having worked in numerous areas of entertainment, as well as adopting a variety of styles and appearances during her five-decade-long career.  - "Round Round" is a song performed by British girl group Sugababes. It was written by group members Keisha Buchanan, Mutya Buena, and Heidi Range, as well as Miranda Cooper, Niara Scarlett, Brian Higgins, Tim Powell, Nick Coler, Shawn Lee, and Lisa Cowling and produced by Kevin Bacon and Jonathan Quarmby. It was released as the second single from the group's second studio album "Angels with Dirty Faces" (2002). The song is based around a sample of "Tango Forte" by German production team Dublex Inc. Due to the inclusion of the sample, several other writers are credited as songwriters.  - The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe. Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, it includes the island of Great Britain (the name of which is also loosely applied to the whole country), the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of , the UK is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe. It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants. Together, this makes it the fourth most densely populated country in the European Union.  - The Brit Awards (sometimes stylised as the BRIT Awards; often simply called the Brits) are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. The name was originally a shortened form of "British", "Britain" or "Britannia" (in the early days the awards were sponsored by Britannia Music Club), but subsequently became a backronym for British Record Industry Trusts Show. In addition, an equivalent awards ceremony for classical music, called the Classic Brit Awards, is held each May. Robbie Williams holds the record for the most Brit Awards, 13 as a solo artist and another five as part of Take That.   - Xenomania is a British songwriting and production team founded by Brian Higgins and based in Kent, England. Formed after Higgins met Miranda Cooper, Xenomania has written and produced for renowned artists such as Cher, Kylie Minogue, Dannii Minogue, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Pet Shop Boys, The Saturdays and the Sugababes. In particular, all but one of Girls Aloud's studio albums have been entirely written and produced by Xenomania. The Sugababes' "Round Round" and Girls Aloud's "Sound of the Underground" have been credited with reshaping British pop music for the 2000s. Gabriella Cilmi's "Sweet About Me" and Girls Aloud's "The Promise" were named Best Single at the ARIA Music Awards of 2009 and the 2009 BRIT Awards, respectively.  - `` Long Hot Summer '' is a song by British all - female pop group Girls Aloud , taken from their third studio album Chemistry ( 2005 ) . The song was written by Miranda Cooper , Brian Higgins and his production team Xenomania , and produced by Higgins and Xenomania . `` Long Hot Summer '' was written for inclusion in the Walt Disney Pictures film Herbie : Fully Loaded ( 2005 ) , but plans fell through . Higgins later described the track as `` a disaster record . '' Released in August 2005 , it became Girls Aloud 's first single to miss the top five on the UK Singles Chart . The music video drew inspiration from the possibility of inclusion on the Herbie soundtrack , taking place at a garage where Girls Aloud work as auto mechanics . `` Long Hot Summer '' was promoted through numerous live appearances and has since been performed on two of the group 's concert tours . The `` upbeat pop tune '' received mixed reviews from contemporary music critics ; some reviewers thought the song felt `` flat . ''  - The 2009 Brit Awards ceremony took place on Wednesday 18 February 2009. It was the 29th edition of the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. The awards ceremony was held at Earls Court in London, and was broadcast live on ITV on 18 February at 8pm (GMT). Duffy became the first female artist to ever win three awards in the same year, and only Blur, in 1995, have ever won more awards at a single ceremony. The show was advertised as live by ITV but the broadcast included several audio deletions which means the show was shown on a time delay system. The 2009 Brit Awards ceremony was watched by 5.49 million people and was the 32nd most watched programme on TV on the week ending 22 February.  - The UK Singles Chart (currently entitled Official Singles Chart) is compiled by the Official Charts Company (OCC), on behalf of the British record industry, listing the top-selling singles in the United Kingdom, based upon physical sales, paid-for downloads and streaming. To be eligible for the chart, a single is currently defined by the Official Charts Company (OCC) as either a 'single bundle' having no more than four tracks and not lasting longer than 25 minutes or one digital audio track not longer than 15 minutes with a minimum sale price of 40 pence. The rules have changed many times as technology has developed, the most notable being the inclusion of digital downloads in 2005 and streaming in 2014.  - Walter Elias "Walt" Disney (December 5, 1901December 15, 1966) was an American entrepreneur, animator, voice actor and film producer. A pioneer of the American animation industry, he introduced several developments in the production of cartoons. As a film producer, Disney holds the record for most Academy Awards earned by an individual, having won 22 Oscars from 59 nominations. He was presented with two Golden Globe Special Achievement Awards and an Emmy Award, among other honors. Several of his films are included in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress.  - Kimberley Jane Scott (née Walsh; born 20 November 1981) is an English singer-songwriter, model, television presenter, actress, and dancer. She rose to fame in late 2002 when she auditioned for the reality television show "" on ITV. The programme announced that Walsh had won a place as a member of the girl group Girls Aloud. The group has achieved massive success, having twenty consecutive top ten singles (including four number ones) in the UK, six studio albums have all been certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), two of which went to number one in the UK, and accumulating a total of five BRIT Award nominations. In 2009, Girls Aloud won "Best Single" with their song "The Promise".  - The Saturdays are a British-Irish girl group based in London, England. The group formed during the summer of 2007. The line up consists of Frankie Bridge, Una Healy, Rochelle Humes, Mollie King and Vanessa White. They were formed through Fascination Records, who gave them an instant record deal with the label as well as a sub-division of Polydor Records. As soon as the contract was finalised, the band went on tour with Girls Aloud during their Tangled Up Tour. The group's music style is pop, however throughout their career their management have experimented with dance-pop and electropop. To create this music, Ina Wroldsen, Steve Mac and Quiz & Larossi have been heavily involved.  - Walt Disney Pictures is an American film production company and a division of Walt Disney Studios, owned by The Walt Disney Company. The division is based at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California, and is the main producer of live-action feature films within the Walt Disney Studios unit. It took on its current name in 1983. Today, in conjunction with the other units of Walt Disney Studios, Walt Disney Pictures is classified as one of Hollywood's "Big Six" film studios.  - A girl group is a music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together. The term "girl group" is also used in a narrower sense in the United States of America to denote the wave of American female pop music singing groups, many of whom were influenced by doo-wop, and which flourished in the late 1950s and early 1960s between the decline of early rock and roll and start of the British Invasion.  - England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west. The Irish Sea lies northwest of England and the Celtic Sea lies to the southwest. England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south. The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain (which lies in the North Atlantic) in its centre and south; and includes over 100 smaller islands such as the Isles of Scilly, and the Isle of Wight.  - Sarah Nicole Harding (born Sarah Nicole Hardman; 17 November 1981) is an English singer-songwriter, dancer, model, and actress. She rose to fame in late 2002 when she auditioned for the reality television show "" on ITV. The programme announced that Harding had won a place as a member of the girl group, Girls Aloud. The group has achieved massive success, having twenty consecutive top ten singles (including four number ones) in the UK, six studio albums have all been certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), two of which went to number one in the UK, and accumulating a total of five BRIT Award nominations. In 2009, Girls Aloud won "Best Single" with their song "The Promise".  - "Sweet About Me" is the second single by Australian singer-songwriter Gabriella Cilmi from her debut album, "Lessons to Be Learned" (2008). The song was used in commercials for Sure and Dove Bodywash in Europe, as well as a commercial for Rexona Roll On in Brazil. It additionally was used in a Hair Cuttery commercial in the U.S. for a short period of time. The song appears on the international soundtrack to the Brazilian telenovela "A Favorita" and on the soundtrack to the Portuguese telenovela "Feitiço de Amor". It was also featured in the "Chapter Ten: Let It Be" episode of the NBC series "Lipstick Jungle" and in an episode of the VH1 reality television series "".  - Miranda Eleanor De Fonbrune Cooper (born 1975) is a British singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and television presenter. Miranda Cooper has worked in the music industry since 1996 when she gained her first recording contract. She worked as a professional dancer for artists such as Dannii Minogue before going into television presenting.  - Kylie Ann Minogue, OBE (born 28 May 1968), often known simply as Kylie, is an Australian singer, songwriter, dancer and actress. She achieved recognition starring in the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", where she played tomboy mechanic Charlene Robinson. Appearing in the series for two years, Minogue's character married Scott Robinson (Jason Donovan) in an episode viewed by nearly 20 million people in the United Kingdom making it one of the most watched Australian TV episodes ever. Since then, Minogue has been a recording artist and has achieved commercial success and critical acclaim in the entertainment industry. Minogue has been recognised with several honorific nicknames including "Princess of Pop" and "Goddess of Pop". She is recognised as the highest-selling Australian artist of all time by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Sophie Michelle Ellis-Bextor (born 10 April 1979) is an English singer, songwriter and model perhaps best known for her worldwide top 10 hit Murder on the Dancefloor. She first came to prominence in the late 1990s, as the lead singer of the indie rock band Theaudience. After the group disbanded, Ellis-Bextor went solo, achieving widespread success in the early 2000s. Her music is a mixture of mainstream pop, disco, nu-disco, and 1980s electronic influences.  - The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. It is the world's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue, after Comcast. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and theme parks. The company also operated under the names The Walt Disney Studio, then Walt Disney Productions. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media.  - Gabriella Lucia Cilmi ( born 10 October 1991) is an Australian singer-songwriter. In 2008, Cilmi was awarded six ARIA Music Awards, including Single of the Year and Best Female Artist. Her debut album, "Lessons to Be Learned", was released in March 2008, becoming a moderate international success. Her second studio album, "Ten", was released in March 2010. Her third studio album, "The Sting", was released in November 2013.  - The Sugababes were an English girl group, formed in 1998 with founding members Siobhán Donaghy, Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan. Their debut album, "One Touch", was released in the UK through London Records on 27 November 2000. The album achieved moderate success, peaking at number 26 in April 2001 and eventually being certified Gold. In 2001, Donaghy departed the group amid rumours of a rift with Buchanan and the group were dropped by their record label. With the introduction of Heidi Range, former member of fellow English girl group Atomic Kitten, the group began to experience a higher level of commercial success whilst keeping the critical acclaim they had achieved with their debut album. They released three studio albums before Buena announced her departure in December 2005, leading to Amelle Berrabah being brought in to replace her. Following the release of their first greatest hits album, the new line-up released two studio albums. In September 2009, after 11 years in the Sugababes, Buchanan, the final original member, was replaced by former UK Eurovision entry Jade Ewen. Range, Berrabah and Ewen released the group's seventh studio album, "Sweet 7", in 2010, after which they signed to RCA Records, before announcing an indefinite hiatus in 2011. In 2013, Ewen confessed that the Sugababes had split two years earlier. The original line-up of the band reformed in 2011, under the new name Mutya Keisha Siobhan.  - The 23rd Annual Australian Recording Industry Association Music Awards (generally known as ARIA Music Awards or simply The ARIAs) took place on 26 November 2009 at the Acer Arena at the Sydney Olympic Park complex. The ceremony was telecast on the Nine Network at 8:30pm that night. The nominees for all categories were announced on 8 October, with the winners of the Fine Arts Awards and Artisan Awards announced on 10 November. Biggest winners for the year were Empire of the Sun which collected a total of seven awards.  - A recording contract (commonly called a record contract or record deal) is a legal agreement between a record label and a recording artist (or group), where the artist makes a record (or series of records) for the label to sell and promote. Artists under contract are normally only allowed to record for that label exclusively; guest appearances on other artists' records will carry a notice "By courtesy of (the name of the label)", and that label may receive a percentage of sales.    What entity does 'long hot summer ' has the relation 'record label' with?
Answer: