Summarize this article:

An examination of digital equipment recovered from the home of the couple who killed 14 people in San Bernardino last week has led FBI investigators to believe the shooters were planning an even larger assault, according to federal government sources. 
  
 Investigators on Thursday continued to search for digital footprints left by Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik, scouring a downtown San Bernardino lake for electronic items, including a hard drive that the couple was hoping to destroy, sources told The Times. 
  
 FBI agents will probably spend days searching Seccombe Lake and canvassing the neighborhood for clues after receiving a tip that the couple may have visited the area on the day of the attack, according to David Bowdich, assistant special agent in charge of the FBI's Los Angeles field office. 
  
 Farook and Malik were in the final planning stages of an assault on a location or building that housed a lot more people than the Inland Regional Center, possibly a nearby school or college, according to federal sources familiar with the widening investigation. 
  
 Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times A memorial to victims of the terrorist attack in San Bernardino continues to grow near the Inland Regional Center. A memorial to victims of the terrorist attack in San Bernardino continues to grow near the Inland Regional Center. (Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times) 
  
 Investigators have based that conclusion on evidence left behind on Farook and Malik's computers and digital devices, not all of which the couple were able to destroy before they were killed in a firefight with police, the sources said. 
  
 Images of San Bernardino-area schools were found on a cellphone belonging to Farook, according to a law enforcement source. But the source cautioned that Farook may have had a legitimate reason to have the images because his work as a county health inspector involved checking on school dining facilities. 
  
 On Thursday, one of the federal government sources told The Times that Farook asked his friend and neighbor, Enrique Marquez, to buy two military-style rifles used in the attacks because he feared he "wouldn't pass a background check" if he attempted to acquire the weapons on his own. The rifles were bought at a local gun store, the source said. 
  
 The timing of the rifle purchases is significant to FBI investigators. Another federal government source previously told The Times that Farook may have been considering a separate terror plot in 2011 or 2012. 
  
 Farook was self-radicalizing around that time, FBI Director James Comey said, and met Malik soon after, eventually escorting her to the United States. Farook was a practicing Muslim. Marquez converted to Islam around the time he purchased the weapons, sources have told The Times. 
  
 FBI agents believe Farook abandoned his plans to launch the earlier attack after a law enforcement task force arrested three men in Chino in November 2012. The men were later convicted of charges related to providing material support to terrorists and plotting to kill Americans in Afghanistan. A fourth man arrested in Afghanistan also was convicted in the scheme. 
  
 Bowdich said federal agents are investigating whether the men had ties to Farook. 
  
 Marquez has emerged as a central figure in the investigation. The FBI had been conducting interviews with 24-year-old, who checked himself into a mental health facility after the attacks. 
  
 The former Wal-Mart security guard has waived his Miranda rights and cooperated with the inquiry, and it was Marquez who told FBI agents about Farook's earlier plans, according to one of the government sources, who also requested anonymity. 
  
 (Rick Loomis / Los Angeles Times) 
  
 "They were talking generally about something, but I don't think it made it to anything specific," one of the sources said of the earlier plot. "I don't think it got to a time or a place." 
  
 The source said it remains unclear whether Marquez had any involvement in the planning of the shooting or had any prior knowledge that an attack was pending. 
  
 Marquez, a cycling enthusiast who wanted to join the U.S. Navy, was a longtime friend and neighbor of Farook. He also married the sister of Farook's sister-in-law last year, although the circumstances of the union are now under investigation, a government official previously told The Times. 
  
 There was no paperwork transferring ownership of the assault rifles from Marquez to Farook, as required by California law, government officials told The Times. 
  
 Hours after the shooting, Marquez posted a cryptic message on his Facebook page. 
  
 "I'm. Very sorry sguys," the message read. "It was a pleasure." 
  
 Bowdich on Thursday declined to answer questions about Marquez, who has not been charged with a crime. 
  
 Marquez told FBI agents that the Facebook post has been "misunderstood," according to one of the government sources. Agents are concerned that Marquez's mental and emotional state may affect what he has been telling interrogators, the source said. 
  
 While Marquez has spoken to agents about his ties to Farook, federal officials are still working to verify the information he has provided, the source said. 
  
 Marquez's mother, Armida Chacon, addressed reporters on Thursday from her Tomlinson Avenue home in Riverside, sobbing as she said she hadn't been in contact with her son since the day of the massacre. 
  
 "I don't know how this happened.... My world is upside-down," she said. "My life changed Wednesday." 
  
 Chacon was outside with one of her sons, cleaning up the broken glass and twisted panels of their garage door. The damage occurred when federal agents raided the stucco home over the weekend. 
  
 As she combed through the wreckage of the garage door, Chacon eventually turned to the reporters camped out on the street and agreed to an off-camera interview. 
  
 Marquez was his mother's "right hand at home," helping take care of his brothers, she said. 
  
 She said her son loved to hang out with friends and go to parties. 
  
 "My son is a good person," she said. 
  
 When asked about Farook, Chacon said her son was friends with him and "nothing more." ||||| SAN BERNARDINO, Calif. (Reuters) - A week-old investigation into the shooting rampage that left 14 people dead at a holiday party in Southern California turned on Thursday to a small lake near the scene of the massacre, where divers searched for evidence. 
  
 FBI agents pack up diving gear after searching in the water at Seccombe Lake Park, after last week's shooting in San Bernardino, California December 10, 2015. REUTERS/Patrick T. Fallon 
  
 The FBI also revealed investigators were looking into any connections there may have been between one of the two killers in San Bernardino last week and four men arrested in 2012 in a separate federal terrorism case brought in nearby Riverside, California. 
  
 Thursday’s underwater search stemmed from unspecified leads indicating the married couple who carried out the shooting spree had been in the vicinity of Seccombe Lake in San Bernardino on the day of the killings, said David Bowdich, assistant director of the FBI field office in Los Angeles. 
  
 Bowdich said he would not discuss the “specific evidence we’re looking for.” 
  
 CNN reported investigators were seeking a computer hard drive that belonged to the couple, who the FBI has said were inspired by Islamic extremists. Bowdich said investigators already have combed the surrounding park, and that the search of the lake by FBI and Sheriff’s Department divers could take days. 
  
 Seccombe Lake Park lies about 2.5 miles (4 km) north of the Inland Regional Center, the social services agency where 14 people were killed and 22 others injured when Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, stormed a holiday gathering of his co-workers there on Dec. 2 and opened fire with assault rifles. 
  
 Farook, 28, a U.S.-born son of Pakistani immigrants, and Malik, 29, a Pakistani native he married last year in Saudi Arabia, were slain hours after their attack in a shootout with police. 
  
 The FBI said it is treating the mass shooting as an act of terrorism, citing the couple’s declaration that they were acting on behalf of the militant group Islamic State, as well as a large cache of weapons, ammunition and bomb-making materials seized in the investigation. 
  
 The couple’s motives remain unclear. But if the crime proves to have been the work of killers driven by militant Islamic ideology, as the FBI suspects, it would mark the deadliest such attack on U.S. soil since Sept. 11, 2011. 
  
 The latest slayings and disclosures about the killers’ backgrounds have put law U.S. law enforcement on heightened alert and reverberated into the U.S. presidential campaign, intensifying debates over gun control, immigration and national security. 
  
 POSSIBLE LINKS TO 2012 PLOT EXAMINED 
  
 Speaking to reporters at Seccombe Lake on Thursday, Bowdich disclosed the FBI was examining whether Farook had any links with the four conspirators in the Riverside case, as CNN and other media outlets have reported. 
  
 A jury last year convicted two of those men, including Afghan-born ringleader Sohiel Omar Kabir, of conspiring to provide material support and resources to al Qaeda and plotting to attack U.S. military forces in Afghanistan. Their two co-defendants pleaded guilty in the case. 
  
 CNN, citing unnamed officials, reported Farook had been a member of Kabir’s social circle. Asked whether the FBI knew of any ties between Farook and the four convicted Riverside conspirators, Bowdich said: “It would be irresponsible not to investigate.” He stressed the four Riverside defendants were never accused of planning attacks within the United States. 
  
 FBI Director James Comey told a U.S. Senate committee on Wednesday that the couple were discovered to have been discussing jihad and martyrdom online with each other as far back as 2013, a year before they met in person. 
  
 Flowers and candles are displayed at a makeshift memorial after last week's shooting in San Bernardino, California December 10, 2015. REUTERS/Patrick T. Fallon 
  
 Comey said the precise origins of the couple’s radicalization were as yet unknown but appeared to predate the rise of Islamic State, the militant group that has seized vast swaths of Iraq and Syria and last month claimed responsibility for the assaults on Paris that left 130 dead. 
  
 U.S. government sources told Reuters on Thursday that Malik tried in vain to contact multiple Islamic militant groups in the months before she and Farook staged their attack, but her overtures were ignored. 
  
 The organizations Malik sought out likely shied away out of extreme caution in communicating with individuals unknown to them and a fear of being caught up in a law-enforcement “sting” operation, sources said. 
  
 The number of organizations that Malik attempted to approach and how she sought to reach them were unclear, though the groups almost certainly included al Qaeda’s Syria-based official affiliate, the Nusrah Front, the government sources said. 
  
 One source said investigators have little, if any, evidence that Malik or her husband had any direct contact with Islamic State. 
  
 Slideshow (22 Images) 
  
 LAWMAKERS BRIEFED 
  
 While the militant group has since embraced the couple as among its followers, U.S. government sources have said there was no evidence Islamic State even knew of the couple before the San Bernardino killings. 
  
 Comey, along with U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and John Mulligan, deputy director of the National Counterterrorism Center, briefed members of both houses of Congress on Thursday about the investigation in closed, classified sessions. 
  
 “The current impression is that these two people were acting alone,” U.S. Senator Angus King of Maine told CNN after the briefing. But he added that he was troubled by the fact that the couple had tried to cover their tracks by destroying their cell phones and other electronic equipment. 
  
 Representative Bob Goodlatte of Virginia, the Republican chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, told reporters afterward that there were people in the community who saw suspicious activity at the shooters’ house but decided not to tell authorities “for a variety of reasons.” 
  
 New York Representative Peter King, a senior Republican member of the House Intelligence Committee, emerged from the session calling for “more surveillance in the Muslim community here in the United States.” 
  
 He drew comparisons to heightened scrutiny law enforcement placed on Italian-American and Irish-American communities during past investigations of organized crime. 
  
 “You look where the terror is going to come from, and right now, it is going to come from the Muslim community,” he said. “It’s a small percentage, but to me, the only way you find out about it in advance is having sources and informers on the ground, having constant surveillance.” 
  
 Investigators also have been looking into the couple’s ties with Enrique Marquez, a boyhood friend of Farook and Muslim convert who bought the two rifles used in the attack. A federal law enforcement source said Marquez and Farook appear to have contemplated some sort of attack around 2012 but abandoned the idea. 
  
 Marquez, who is related to Farook’s family by marriage - his wife and the wife of Farook’s older brother are sisters - has not been charged with any crime. ||||| WASHINGTON (AP) — The U.S. government appears not to have picked up on extremist messages exchanged during the online courtship two years ago between the American-born man accused in the California shootings and his then-fiancée in Pakistan, according to lawmakers detailing closed-door briefings by federal officials on Capitol Hill. 
  
 FILE - This undated combination of file photos provided by the FBI, left, and the California Department of Motor Vehicles shows Tashfeen Malik, left, and Syed Farook. The husband and wife died in a fierce... (Associated Press) 
  
 Ray Molina, from left, Molina's wife, Yvonne, and Leonard Lynch pray at a makeshift memorial set up near the Inland Regional Center, the site of last week's fatal shooting that killed 14 people, Wednesday,... (Associated Press) 
  
 A garage door of Enrique Marquez's home is seen broken in a recent FBI raid, Wednesday, Dec. 9, 2015, in Riverside, Calif. Authorities have said Enrique Marquez, an old friend of San Bernardino attacker... (Associated Press) 
  
 A man takes pictures of a banner showing photos of Aurora Godoy, one of the victims in last week's fatal shooting that killed 14 people at the Inland Regional Center, Wednesday, Dec. 9, 2015, in San Bernardino,... (Associated Press) 
  
 A brother of Enrique Marquez collects his mail Wednesday, Dec. 9, 2015, in Riverside, Calif. Authorities have said Enrique Marquez, an old friend of San Bernardino attacker Syed Farook, purchased two... (Associated Press) 
  
 Frank Kelly, of Victorville, Calif., pays his respects at a makeshift memorial near the Inland Regional Center, the site of last week's fatal shooting that killed multiple people, Wednesday, Dec. 9, 2015,... (Associated Press) 
  
 American officials say 28-year-old Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife, 29-year-old Tashfeen Malik, discussed martyrdom and jihad online as early as 2013. But the couple never surfaced on law enforcement's radar and Malik was able to enter the U.S. on a fiancée visa last year despite having professed radical views online. 
  
 Meanwhile, the investigation into the shootings that left 14 dead last week continued in San Bernardino, where an FBI dive team searched a small, urban lake about 3 miles north of the shooting site. Authorities said the shooters, who killed 14 people at a holiday gathering on Dec. 2, had been in the area. 
  
 The couple died in a shootout with law enforcement hours after the attack and left behind a 6-month-old daughter. 
  
 FBI Director James Comey and other senior American officials briefed members of Congress Thursday. Lawmakers repeatedly questioned officials on whether any red flags may have been missed in the last two years. 
  
 One official said information that the FBI has been able to glean came from an examination of the pair's electronic devices after the attack, rather than intercepts. 
  
 "Everyone's asking the same questions about how it is that law enforcement didn't know, or intelligence officials didn't know — that they could have flown under the radar and nothing gave an indication that they were a threat," said Rep. Jim Langevin, a Rhode island Democrat and member of the House Homeland Security Committee. 
  
 Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said Malik was subjected to an in-person interview during the application process for a visa. 
  
 He noted that while there were some indications that might have alerted law enforcement to Farook, he declined to detail what those might have been. 
  
 "I don't think we know yet enough to say these were apparent without the advantage of hindsight," Schiff said. 
  
 Republican Rep. Will Hurd of Texas, a member of the House Homeland Security Committee, said there's currently no evidence Malik's radicalization would have been readily apparent when she was evaluated for a fiancée visa. 
  
 "I don't think there was missed information," he said. "It appears that there was not any evidence that would have been discoverable during an interview for a visa." 
  
 He declined to discuss what specifically led investigators to conclude that the couple had radicalized independently as early as 2013, but suggested the information did not come from intercepts. Comey has said Farook had been in communication with individuals who were being scrutinized by the FBI in terrorism investigations, but that the contact he had was not enough to bring him onto the law enforcement radar. 
  
 "It's safe to say that the information about what happened prior to their marriage and to the attacks in San Bernardino was acquired through forensic investigations of these individual lives," Hurd said, adding: "These people weren't on the radar." 
  
 Multiple lawmakers raised the fact that neighbors saw suspicious activities but failed to mention them to investigators until after the attack. 
  
 "There were people who were aware of things, thought they were suspicious, but did not want to be accused of being discriminatory for reporting something," said Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. He said these people saw activity around the garage that they thought was suspicious. 
  
 Asked repeatedly whether any hints could have led law enforcement to prevent the attack, Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C. replied, "Explain to me how you do that without any bread crumbs that are obvious, without somebody that's inside a mosque, that's inside a person's family that tips you off. In this particular case there was nothing like that that gave them a reason to look at this couple sooner than after the attack." 
  
 More than three years ago, Farook's longtime friend and relative-through-marriage Enrique Marquez bought the assault rifles used in the shooting. 
  
 Marquez, who checked himself into a mental hospital after the attack, told investigators that he and Farook were plotting an attack in 2012. Idaho Sen. Jim Risch, a Republican who sits on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said they had an actual plan, including buying weapons, but became apprehensive and shelved it because of law enforcement activity and arrests in the area. Marquez hasn't been charged with a crime. 
  
 Lawmakers said the FBI wouldn't provide details about his ties to the case, citing an "ongoing criminal investigation." Marquez's mother Armida Chacon told reporters Thursday that her 24-year-old son is a good person. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Brian Melley, Michael R. Blood and Amanda Lee Myers in Los Angeles, Alicia A. Caldwell in Washington, Asif Shahzad in Islamabad and Brian Skoloff in San Bernardino contributed to this report. |||||

Summary: