About The Duchess of Sussex 
  
 The Duchess of Sussex, born Meghan Markle, married Prince Harry at St George's Chapel, Windsor in May 2018. The couple's official residence is Kensington Palace. As well as undertaking royal duties in support of The Queen, both in the UK and overseas, The Duchess devotes her time to supporting a number of charities and organisations. 
  
 Biography 
  
 The Duchess of Sussex became a member of the Royal Family in 2018 upon her marriage to Prince Harry. She will perform Royal duties in support of The Queen through engagements at home and overseas, alongside a growing portfolio of charitable work and patronages. 
  
 Ms. Meghan Markle was born on 4th August 1981 to Ms. Doria Ragland and Mr. Thomas Markle in Los Angeles, California. 
  
 Education 
  
 The Duchess attended the Hollywood Little Red Schoolhouse from the ages of 2-11 and began her secondary education at Immaculate Heart High School in 1992. Her Royal Highness went on to double major in Theatre and International Relations at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois graduating in 2003 with a dual degree. 
  
 During her time at university, The Duchess completed an internship at the US Embassy in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where she learned to speak Spanish. She also studied French for six years. 
  
 Career 
  
 After university Her Royal Highness worked as an actress, appearing in film and television. She most notably played the role of Rachel Zane on the series Suits for seven seasons, completing over 100 episodes. Whilst working on Suits, The Duchess moved to Toronto, Canada where the show was filmed; she feels very connected to Canada, as it became a second home to her. 
  
 Alongside her successful career as an actress, Her Royal Highness also wrote and edited a lifestyle website called The Tig which she used as a platform to discuss social issues such as gender equality in addition to articles on travel, food and fashion. 
  
 Charitable work 
  
 From a young age, The Duchess had a keen awareness of social issues and actively participated in charitable work. Aged 11 she successfully campaigned for a company to alter their television advert that had used sexist language to sell washing-up liquid. Her Royal Highness also volunteered at a soup kitchen in Skid Row, Los Angeles from the age of 13-17. She continued to volunteer at the soup kitchen when she would return home to Los Angeles until the age of 22. 
  
 These early experiences helped to shape her lifelong commitment to causes such as social justice and women's empowerment. 
  
 While filming in Toronto, The Duchess actively volunteered at a Canadian soup kitchen from 2011-2013. She also established the program at her place of work to ensure that leftover meals from the set were donated to local homeless shelters. 
  
 One Young World 
  
 Her Royal Highness became involved with the organisation One Young World in 2014 when she was asked to become a Counsellor for the charity. One Young World is a global forum that gathers together young leaders in order to develop solutions to some of the world's most pressing issues. She attended panels for One Young World in Dublin, Ireland and Ottawa, Canada. 
  
 UN Women 
  
 In 2015, The Duchess became the UN Women's Advocate for Women’s Political Participation and Leadership. In this role, she gave a speech on the importance of gender equality on International Women’s Day for UN Women in New York City. Ahead of her appointment to this role, Her Royal Highness spent time at the UN's New York office to understand the organisation's day-to-day work before embarking on a learning mission to Rwanda. On this trip The Duchess met female parliamentarian leaders in Kigali and visited Gihembe refugee camp, where women were working on leadership and empowerment at a grassroots level. 
  
 I am proud to be a woman and a feminist The Duchess of Sussex, speaking at the UN on International Women's Day 2015 
  
 World Vision 
  
 In addition to her role with UN Women and One Young World, Her Royal Highness became a Global Ambassador for World Vision in 2016. As part of her work with the charity The Duchess visited Rwanda on a clean water campaign that would work to allow young children to continue their education. 
  
 In 2017, Her Royal Highness undertook a second learning mission with the organisation when she visited India with World Vision to bring a greater awareness to girls' lack of access to education. In the slum communities of Mumbai, The Duchess witnessed the work of the Myna Mahila Foundation who empower women through access to menstrual hygiene products and employment opportunities. Struck by her experience, she wrote an op-ed for Time Magazine about the stigmatization of menstrual health management and its long term hindrance to girls’ education. 
  
 The Myna Mahila Foundation is one of the charities chosen by the couple to benefit from charitable donations made for the Royal Wedding. 
  
 Royal engagements 
  
 Along with Prince Harry, The Duchess has spent several months since the announcement of their engagement visiting local communities and organisations across the UK both publicly and privately. 
  
 The Duchess also attended The Royal Foundation Forum, of which she will become a Patron, and took part in engagements during the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in London. 
  
 Titles 
  
 On 19 May 2018, Prince Harry and Ms. Meghan Markle were married at St George's Chapel, Windsor. 
  
 The couple are now known as The Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Their official residence is at Kensington Palace. ||||| Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are feeling the heat! 
  
 For their first dance as husband and wife, the royal newlyweds chose Whitney Houston’s 1987 hit, “I Want to Dance with Somebody,” reports The Telegraph. 
  
 The classic pop song may seem like an unlikely choice, but it has special meaning for the royal bride. In 2016, Meghan said it was her “happy song” during an interview. And what happier occasion could she ask for? 
  
 With the upbeat lyrics (“Oh, I wanna dance with somebody/I wanna feel the heat with somebody/Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody/With somebody who loves me) and lively tempo, their first dance would have had everyone on their feet. 
  
 STEVE PARSONS/AFP/Getty Images 
  
 David Fisher/REX/Shutterstock 
  
 RELATED VIDEO: Sealed with a Kiss! See Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s First Kiss as Husband and Wife 
  
 Prince Charles hosted the evening reception, which was attended by 200 of Meghan and Harry’s closest friends — including Figueras, Priyanka Chopra and Serena Williams. The intimate reception took place at Frogmore House, which is located about a mile from Windsor Castle. The newlyweds arrived in a classic Jaguar after taking off from Windsor Castle. Frogmore is also known for its beautiful gardens and the royal Mausoleum where Queen Victoria and Prince Albert are buried. 
  
 “Windsor is a very special place for Prince Harry, and he and Ms. Markle have regularly spent time there during the last year,” a Kensington Palace spokesman previously said. 
  
 Harry changed into a sleek black tuxedo for the private event, while Meghan slipped out of her Givenchy gown and into a silk halter dress custom-made for the evening by Stella McCartney. ||||| As rumored, Elton John performed during the lunchtime reception that followed the Royal Wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The singer also attended the wedding earlier in Saturday in Windsor. 
  
 Related Elton John: My Life in 20 Songs Cameron Crowe explores Elton's journey from Reginald Dwight to technicolored pop sensation to rehab and back 
  
 According to the Daily Mail, John took the stage after Prince Harry, following his speech, asked his guests, "Does anyone here know how to play the piano?" John then sat by the piano and performed four songs, "Your Song," "Circle of Life," "I'm Still Standing" and "Tiny Dancer"; the latter song features the lyric "L.A. lady," a nod to Markle's acting career. 
  
 Ellie Goulding similarly covered "Your Song" at the wedding of Harry's brother Prince William and Kate Middleton. 
  
 "Prince Harry asked Sir Elton to perform at the Reception which was hosted by Her Majesty The Queen at St George's Hall, Windsor Castle," Kensington Palace confirmed in a statement. "Sir Elton performed for the newly married couple in recognition of the close connection he has with Prince Harry and his family." 
  
 John notably performed a revised rendition of his "Candle in the Wind" at the funeral of Princess Diana, Harry's mother, in 1997, and was a close friend of the royal family. 
  
 "I first met an extremely shy and sweet Prince Harry at a private lunch at Kensington Palace, given by his mother Princess Diana for Gianni Versace and me many years ago," John once said. "What a joy it has been to see that young boy grow to inherit his mother's warmth, sense of humor and courage to stand up and champion the causes he truly believes in." 
  
 George and Amal Clooney, David and Victoria Beckham, Oprah Winfrey and Idris Elba were among the celebrities to attend the Royal Wedding. ||||| Meghan Markle’s bouquet followed a sentimental royal tradition today. 
  
 The bouquet — filled with Forget-Me-Nots (Princess Diana’s favorite flower), scented sweet peas, lily of the valley, astilbe, jasmine and astrantia, and sprigs of myrtle, and blooms picked from the gardens at Kensington Palace by Prince Harry himself — was placed on the Grave of the Unknown Warrior at Westminster Abbey on Sunday. 
  
 In doing so, Meghan is following a royal tradition that dates back nearly a century, starting with Queen Elizabeth’s mother, Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, who became the Duchess of York (and later Queen Elizabeth) when she married the future King George VI (then the Duke of York) in 1923. 
  
 Can’t get enough of PEOPLE’s Royals coverage? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest updates on Kate Middleton, Meghan Markle and more! 
  
 The Queen Mother at her wedding in 1923 The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty 
  
 As she made her way into Westminster Abbey for her wedding ceremony, she — without previous intention to do so — laid her bouquet on the Grave of the Unknown Warrior (also called the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior), in memory of her older brother Fergus Bowes-Lyon, who was killed in action in the Battle of Loos in 1915 during World War I. 
  
 It’s the event of the year! Be sure to keep up with all of PEOPLE’s royal wedding coverage and don’t forget to check out everything you need to know about Meghan Markle’s perfect style.RELATED VIDEO: Harry and Meghan’s Love Story 
  
  
  
 Since then, nearly every major royal bride has had her bouquet placed at the Grave of the Unknown Warrior, whether they married at Westminster Abbey or not. Queen Elizabeth did, as did her sister Princess Margaret in 1960 and her cousin Princess Alexandra in 1963. In the next generation, Princess Anne, Princess Diana, Sarah, Duchess of York and Sophie, Countess of Wessex carried on the tradition in 1973, 1981, 1986 and 1999, respectively. Kate Middleton did it following her wedding in 2011, too. 
  
 The Duchess of Sussex has sent the bouquet she carried during yesterday's #RoyalWedding to Westminster Abbey to rest on the Grave of the Unknown Warrior. More: https://t.co/pdFnYO1S49 @KensingtonRoyal @RoyalFamily pic.twitter.com/TnrCEl4M4u — Westminster Abbey (@wabbey) May 20, 2018 
  
 Westminster Abbey shared a photo of Meghan’s bouquet on the grave, which houses the body of an unknown soldier who died during World War I, on Twitter. ||||| The profile of Meghan Markle says she developed a ‘keen awareness’ of social issues at a young age and also details her charitable work 
  
 She has the prince, the wedding ring, the title, and now the Duchess of Sussex has more authoritative confirmation of her new royal status: her own page on the British monarchy’s website. 
  
 The official profile of the 36-year-old American former actor on the palace website lists her achievements, even highlighting her quote from the 2015 United Nations conference in New York: “I am proud to be a woman and a feminist.” 
  
  
  
 Is Meghan Markle the American the royals needed all along? | Hadley Freeman Read more 
  
 The website says that from a young age, the duchess has had “a keen awareness of social issues and actively participated in charitable work. Aged 11 she successfully campaigned for a company to alter their television advert that had used sexist language to sell washing-up liquid”. 
  
 It says she volunteered in a soup kitchen in Skid Row in Los Angeles and “these early experiences helped to shape her lifelong commitment to causes such as social justice and women’s empowerment”. 
  
 Her charitable work also features prominently, noting that she became the UN women’s advocate for women’s political participation and leadership in 2015 and in the following year she was made global ambassador for the charity World Vision. 
  
 As Windsor began to return to normality, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex returned to their Kensington Palace home. 
  
 It had, by all accounts, been a late night for the bride and groom with their private evening reception at the 17th-century Frogmore House ending with an explosion of fireworks. 
  
  
  
 Breaking with tradition, the duchess gave a speech in which she is thought to have thanked the royal family for welcoming her into the fold. Prince Harry reportedly told guests he and his wife made “such a great team” and, turning to her, said: “I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.” 
  
  
  
 The private dinner for 200 was hosted by Prince Charles, with the TV host James Corden said to have compered the evening’s entertainment which included DJ Sam Totolee. There was a “drinks of the world”-themed bar, a dinner, then candy floss and “dirty burgers” at midnight, according to reports. 
  
  
  
 The newlyweds had arrived in a classic E-type Jaguar, lent by Prince Charles and featuring the registration E190518 – their wedding date. The duchess had changed into a Stella McCartney dress while the duke wore black tie. 
  
  
  
 Earlier an estimated 100,000 people had lined Windsor’s streets for a glimpse of the bride and groom on their carriage procession following the noon service at St George’s Chapel, at Windsor Castle. 
  
  
  
 Play Video 2:33 Highlights of Harry and Meghan's wedding 2018: the dress, the vows, the kiss – video 
  
 Thousands strained to take pictures of the bride in the simple, elegant white dress with an elaborate five-metre-long veil, hand-embroidered with flowers from 53 Commonwealth countries and held in place with the Queen Mary diamond and platinum tiara lent to her by the Queen. 
  
  
  
 The identity of the wedding dress designer, British-born Clare Waight Keller at the French fashion house Givenchy, remained a secret until the moment the bride stepped out of her bridal car at the chapel. 
  
  
  
 Keller said she had not even told her husband or children. Speaking on Sunday, she revealed Harry came straight over to her after the ceremony and said: “Oh my God, thank you. She looks absolutely stunning.” 
  
 Keller said: “Well, I think everybody saw on television – he was absolutely in awe I think. She looked just incredible and it showed.” She said the duchess was “just glowing” after the ceremony. 
  
 Asked why she thought she had been chosen to create the gown, which will go down in fashion history, she said: “I think she really admired the fact that I was a woman designer and the many companies I’ve worked for – British companies and international companies. And the fact that I’m a working mother maybe played into that as well, so that was maybe part of her story.” 
  
  
  
 As the royal couple, who will not go on honeymoon immediately, returned to London, a major clean-up was under way in Windsor. Barriers were taken down, and trucks and lorries lined the streets as the international TV networks packed up and moved out and rubbish collectors moved in. 
  
  ||||| MEGHAN Markle’s nephew sparked a police probe just hours after the wedding by trying to take a knife into a London nightclub — and blamed Donald Trump. 
  
 Tyler Dooley, 25, admitted having the four-inch blade on him and handed it to a bouncer as he tried to get in to the venue. 
  
 8 Meghan's nephew Tyler, 25, admitted to having a knife on him while entering a nightclub with his girlfriend, brother TJ and mum Tracey 
  
 The Mega Agency 8 Legal cannabis farmer Tyler travelled from the US to Britain despite not having a wedding invitation 
  
 But he fled when other punters said he would be arrested after security staff called police in the early hours. 
  
 He told a reveller at Bacchus in Kingston, South West London: “I just brought it because Donald Trump said London was like a war zone. I had it for protection.” 
  
 Legal US cannabis farmer Tyler was out partying with his girlfriend, older brother TJ, 26, and mum Tracey. But the night turned sour when they got to the club. 
  
 Some members of the group, who had travelled from the States despite not having wedding invites, had already got in after being searched when Tyler told staff he had the lock-knife. 
  
 8 Tyler Dooley, 25, fled from the Kingstom night club after punters told him he would be arrested after security called the police 
  
 Simon Jones - The Sun 8 Meghan Markle's nephew was trying to enter Bacchus in Kingston, South West London 
  
 8 Meghan Markle's extended family flew into London last week, including Tyler and his mum Tracey, ahead of the Royal Wedding 
  
 A source said: “They were all obviously a bit tipsy from celebrating the wedding, but not in bad spirits. As Tyler came up to the bouncer, he said, ‘I have a knife on me.’ He pulled it out and handed it to the staff. 
  
 “All he was going on about was how he’d brought it from America because Donald Trump had said London wasn’t safe. 
  
 “They acted very calmly and dialled 999 and that’s when some local guys told him he’d get arrested. At that point he ran off.” 
  
 It is understood TJ later went back to the club to try to explain. 
  
 AP:Associated Press 8 Tyler Dooley blamed carrying a knife on Donald Trump after he compared London to a 'war-zone' 
  
 Donald Trump compares London to 'war zone' saying stabbing attacks mean 'prestigious hospital' is like a military zone 
  
 The Met said: “The suspect had left the scene prior to police being called. Officers attended the club at around 01:55hrs and recovered the knife. There has been no arrest.” 
  
 The Dooleys declined to comment and hid inside a bin cupboard at the Hilton DoubleTree hotel in Kingston when The Sun asked them about the incident. 
  
 President Trump this month claimed a London hospital was “like a war-zone” due to knife violence. 
  
 A man in his 20s was stabbed to death in nearby Mitcham on Saturday night. It was the 44th knife death in the capital this year. 
  
 PA:Press Association 8 Prince Harry looked mesmerised after Meghan Markle walked down the aisle at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle 
  
 PA:Press Association 8 Meghan Markle showed off Princess Diana's ring which Prince Harry gave to her as a gift 
  
 MOST READ IN NEWS MONSTERS Mum who treated baby as 'fashion accessory' caged after he died from 41 injuries Exclusive BAD BLOOD BROTHERS Princes William & Harry are the real reason behind Meghan & Kate's feud BRIT OF ALL WHITE White Christmas odds in EVERY city slashed - map shows if YOU'LL get any WHEELIE NICE Dad defies disabled son's bullies by picking him up from school with bikers BUG-GER OFF! British homes invaded by skin-eating silverfish as wet winter sees influx ATTEMPTED ABDUCTION Chilling kidnap warning as man tries to lure kids as young as 11 
  
 Meanwhile, relatives of the bride in the US celebrated at a Burger King with the chain’s paper crowns on their heads. 
  
 Meghan’s aunt Teresa, 67, and cousin Nick, 38, went to the outlet in Sanford, Florida, after the TV broadcast. 
  
 Meghan’s mum Doria Ragland lines up with the Royals as Markles are welcomed into the family |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?