Beleaguered Malaysia Airlines suffered fresh embarrassment over the weekend after it was revealed a Christmas Day flight from Auckland to Kuala Lumpur flew in the wrong direction for eight minutes after air traffic controllers were given the wrong flight plan. 
  
 The New Zealand Herald reported the pilot of flight MH132 queried the route his Airbus A330 was taking after he noticed it was headed further south than expected. 
  
 Malaysia Airlines confirmed in a statement that there had been a mix up with the early-morning service's flight plans. 
  
 "On December 24th 2015 our flight MH132 from Auckland to Kuala Lumpur was given the latest flight plan by the airline's Operations Dispatch Centre," the statement says. 
  
 SHARE 
  
 Share on Facebook SHARE 
  
 Share on Twitter TWEET 
  
 Link Malaysia Airlines' flight MH132 flew on the wrong path after air traffic controllers in New Zealand were given the wrong flight plan. 
  
 "Auckland's Air Traffic Control (ATC) was inadvertently given an earlier flight plan." 
  
 "Both routes were following an approved flight path and the aircraft had enough fuel for both routes. The safety of both passengers and crew were never compromised at any time." 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 The airline said it was investigating the incident. 
  
 A spokeswoman for New Zealand's Airways Corporation said the incident would be investigated by its internal team. "The flight plan the airline filed with us was going to Kuala Lumpur but via a slightly different route than the pilot was expecting," she told the New Zealand Herald. 
  
 Malaysia Airlines' horror run began in March 2014 when flight MH370 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 passengers and crew on board. 
  
 Just over four months later flight MH17 was shot down over Ukraine while flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur. 
  
 Earlier this year Malaysia Airlines appointed German airline executive Christoph Mueller as chief executive, tasking him with rebuilding the airline after the string of disasters. ||||| 1/10 Shot down in a military training exercise While the Australian officials leading the search for MH370 say they remain “absolutely convinced” it ended up in the southern Indian Ocean, some passengers’ families – and theorists – distrust the unprecedented satellite data analysis involved. Among those who support this view are the British journalist and author Nigel Cawthorne, who has controversially already published the first book on the plane’s disappearance. e supports one theory, based on the eye-witness testimony of New Zealand oil rig worker Mike McKay, that the plane was shot down shortly after it stopped communicating with air traffic controllers. At the time there was a series of war games taking place in the South China Sea involving Thailand, the US and personnel from China, Japan, Indonesia and others, and Cawthorne has linked this to Mr McKay’s claims to have seen a burning plane going down in the Gulf of Thailand. 
  
 2/10 Stolen by Putin Jeff Wise, a private pilot and science writer, claims he has evidence that the plane made its way to the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, which is run by Russia as its largest space launch facility. He claims Vladimir Putin ordered Russian special forces to hijack MH370 and fly it to the spaceport, but admits he has 'no idea' why the Russian president would want to do such a thing Getty Images 
  
 3/10 Flown north and shot down deliberately, prompting cover-up At a stage in the investigation when it was believed the plane could have flown for some time from where it disappeared along either a northern or southern corridor, many posted on forums suggesting that if it had been the former we would never hear about what happened. Some still support this view, and former RAF navigator Sean Maffett told the BBC that after 9/11, any unidentified airliner entering the airspace of another country would lead to fighter jets being scrambled. “If the plane is in the northern arc it could easily have been shot down,” he said. This theory also involves a national – or possibly international – cover-up, based on the premise that no country would want to admit to shooting down an airliner full of passengers from all over the world. 
  
 4/10 Tried to land on a desert island beach After reports that the plane had turned left shortly following its disappearance from civilian radar screens, speculation grew that it could have landed on a remote beach somewhere like the Andaman Islands, which lie between Indonesia and the coast of Thailand. Though CNN reported that locals dismissed the idea a Boeing 777 could land on an airstrip there undetected, the archipelago consists of hundreds of remote islands with some long stretches of sand. Former BA pilot Steve Buzdygan said it would be difficult – but not impossible – to bring a 777 down on a long deserted beach. AP 
  
 5/10 Landed at a US military base One of the more outlandish conspiracy theories that has gained some traction online is the idea that MH370 could have been “captured” and flown to a military base on the UK-owned tropical atoll of Diego Garcia, in the middle of the Indian Ocean. The base is run by the US, and some have reportedly said in forum postings that the Kremlin has put some credence into this possibility. Such is the strength of belief in this theory that the US government has been forced to issue a denial. A spokesperson for the US embassy in Malaysia told the local Star newspaper that there was “no indication that MH370 flew anywhere near the Maldives or Diego Garcia”. “MH370 did not land in Diego Garcia,” he added. Nasa 
  
 6/10 Headed for a remote airport in Langkawi, Malaysia One theory, put forward by another aviation blogger named Chris Goodfellow, has it that the sudden left turn came after major catastrophe knocked out a range of the plane’s electronics, from transponders to communications equipment. In this scenario and in the middle of the night, Goodfellow argued, the pilot would redirect towards the nearest safe airport. “This pilot did all the right things,” he said. “Actually he was taking a direct route to Palau Langkawi, a 13,000ft (4,000m) strip with an approach over water at night with no obstacles. He did not turn back to Kuala Lumpur because he knew he had 8,000ft ridges to cross. He knew the terrain was friendlier towards Langkawi and also a shorter distance.” This theory assumes that the plane was in fact controlled manually once it disappeared – and that it did not make it to Langkawi. 
  
 7/10 An explosion in the cockpit The theory of a sudden explosion within the cockpit before the turn left could explain why there was no attempt to signal for help. Since 9/11 cockpits doors have been fortified to become extremely difficult to bypass, and such a sudden incident could perhaps have incapacitated both pilots while keeping out the rest of the crew. This explanation does not seem to tally with the claims of some Malaysian officials, however, that the change in direction was the result of “seven or eight keystrokes into a computer on a knee-high pedestal between the captain and the first officer”. 
  
 8/10 A struggle at altitude Though Malaysian officials believe that the plane was deliberately diverted, and that its communications systems were turned off one after the other, a detailed background check into all 227 passengers has cleared all of suspicion. If, however, we do accept that the plane was the subject of a passenger hijacking, it remains to be explained why the hijackers did not try to do more than fly the plane into the middle of the southern Indian Ocean. One theory suggests that there was some kind of struggle for control of the plane that ultimately ended with mutual destruction. Further analysis of data by Malaysian officials suggests that the plane was flown erratically once it left civilian radar, climbing to 45,000ft before dropping very low. Buzdygan told the BBC he would resort to this sort of flying if faced with would-be hijackers. “I’d try to disorientate and confuse the hijackers by throwing them around,” he said. Getty Images 
  
 9/10 Pilot suicide As part of the ongoing criminal investigation in Malaysia, police are looking into the state of mind and possible motives of the captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid. The Malaysian police chief Khalid Abu Bakar has said that “all possibilities” will be looked into, and there have been reports that Shah was going through a difficult marriage break-up.Yet such comments have been rubbished by the man’s relatives, who have described him since as a dedicated family man and model professional. Hugh Dunleavy, the commercial director of Malaysia Airlines, described Shah as a seasoned pilot with an excellent record. “There have been absolutely no implications that we are aware of that there was anything untoward in either his behaviour or attitude,” he told Reuters. “We have no reason to believe that there was anything, any actions, internally by the crew that caused the disappearance of this aircraft.” ||||| Gilze-Rijen air force base: Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crashed last year after it was hit by a Russian-made Buk surface to air missile, an air safety investigation has found, which killed the pilots immediately but may have left passengers alive for up to a full minute and a half. 
  
 A report by the Dutch Safety Board, released on Tuesday in the Netherlands, found that a Russian-made Buk missile exploded just a few metres above and to the left of the plane's cockpit. 
  
 "(The) impact (of the missile shrapnel) was only instantly fatal to the occupants of the cockpit," the report found. 
  
 SHARE 
  
 Share on Facebook SHARE 
  
 Share on Twitter TWEET 
  
 Link The reconstructed cockpit of MH17 at the presentation of the Dutch Safety Board's final report into the tragedy. Photo: AP 
  
 Within a second the plane began to break up, exposing other crew and passengers to deafening noise, "abrupt deceleration, decompression, reduced oxygen level, extreme cold, powerful airflow (and) objects flying around". 
  
 "Some occupants suffered serious injuries that probably caused their death. In others, the exposure led to reduced awareness or unconsciousness in a very short space of time." 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 However it was not possible to say when they died. 
  
 "It cannot be ruled out that some occupants remained conscious for some time during the one to one and a half minutes for which the crash lasted," the report said. 
  
 SHARE 
  
 Share on Facebook SHARE 
  
 Share on Twitter TWEET 
  
 Link Tjibbe Joustra, head of the Dutch Safety Board, presents the final report into what caused MH17, seen reconstructed at rear, to break up high over Ukraine last year. Photo: AP 
  
 There were no signs of 'conscious actions' from passengers such as composing text messages or taking photographs on mobile phones. However, "one passenger was found with an oxygen mask around the neck... it remains unclear whether the person concerned put on the mask in a reflex or that it was done by someone on the ground after the passenger's death." 
  
 Relatives were briefed by the board about the findings and one man, Barry Sweeney, whose 28-year-old son Liam was on board, told the BBC they were told the explosion of the missile would have caused disorientation and confusion in the rest of the plane. 
  
 SHARE 
  
 Share on Facebook SHARE 
  
 Share on Twitter TWEET 
  
 Link MH17 crashed over Donetsk, Ukraine after being shot down by Russia-backed rebels using a Russian missile. Photo: Kate Geraghty 
  
 "Hopefully most people were unconscious by the time this happened and death would have occurred pretty quick," he said. 
  
 "That is a comfort for 298 sets of relatives." 
  
 SHARE 
  
 Share on Facebook SHARE 
  
 Share on Twitter TWEET 
  
 Link Australian Federal Police and their Dutch counterparts searching at the MH17 crash site. Photo: Kate Geraghty 
  
 Risks not properly identified 
  
 The investigators' report found that the airline and air traffic bodies had not "adequately identified the risks to civil aviation brought about by the armed conflict in the eastern part of Ukraine". 
  
 Ukraine itself came in for strong criticism, for not closing the airspace over a region where scores of military aircraft had been shot down in the previous few months. 
  
 MH17 crashed in Ukraine's east on July 17, 2014, killing all 283 passengers and 15 crew members aboard the Boeing 777 – including 39 people who called Australia home. 
  
 The report was presented at Gilze-Rijen air force base in the Netherlands, by Dutch Safety Board chairman Tjibbe Joustra, standing in front of a reconstruction of the front third of the plane, rebuilt from wreckage recovered from the fields of eastern Ukraine. 
  
 The reconstruction showed the cockpit area riddled with holes, punctured by shrapnel from the exploding missile. Buk missiles are designed to explode next to their targets, rather than collide directly with them. 
  
 "Flight MH17 crashed as a result of the detonation of a warhead outside the airplane," Mr Joustra said. "None of the aviation parties involved recognised the risks posed to civil aviation by the conflict on ground." 
  
 There was sufficient reason to close airspace as a precaution, Mr Joustra said, as more than 60 military aircraft had been brought down in the months prior, and there was evidence of weapons systems that could reach civil aircraft cruising altitude. 
  
 The reason for the omission was "straightforward and disquieting", he said – "Nobody had thought that civil aviation was at risk (even though) there was undeniably an armed conflict taking place on the ground." 
  
 Ukraine, which was responsible for the safety of the airspace under international law, came in for strong criticism for not closing its airspace as a precaution. However other states and airline operators were also at fault, and international rules needed to be changed, the investigators said. 
  
 Alternative theories ruled out 
  
 Investigators forensically examined the wreckage of the plane, recovered from the fields of eastern Ukraine, and eliminated the possibilities that the plane was brought down by an internal explosion, by gunfire or air-to-air attack. 
  
 They even excluded one theory that it was hit by a meteor. 
  
 "We investigated and eliminated the possibilities one by one," Mr Joustra said. 
  
 Investigators found a Buk warhead detonated outside the aircraft, slightly in front and above the left side of the cockpit. Thousands of pre-formed metal fragments penetrated the front of the plane with great force. 
  
 Computer simulations backed up this theory, and it was also corroborated by millisecond analysis of the cockpit voice recorder. 
  
 The front of the plane broke off, the rest of the plane broke up in mid air. The tail section crashed first, then the centre, with the engines, hit the ground upside down and caught fire. 
  
 Mr Joustra said the launch site of the missile could be narrowed to a 320 square km area in eastern Ukraine, but further work narrowing this area was beyond the investigators' mandate. 
  
 The finding contradicts one theory pushed by Russia and its supporters, that the plane was shot down by a Ukrainian fighter jet. 
  
 However the investigators did not directly confront another Russian theory: that the missile was fired by the Ukrainian army, rather than by Russian-backed separatists (or Russian soldiers working with the separatists). 
  
 Russian missile manufacturer rejects findings 
  
 Before the Dutch report was released, Russia's state arms producer (and Buk missile manufacturer) Almaz-Antey announced the results of its own investigation. 
  
 The manufacturer said it had fired Buk missiles at a decommissioned jet plane, similar to a Boeing 777, so they could examine the pattern of impact. 
  
 They said the results demonstrated that MH17 was shot down by an old form of Buk missile – a 9M38 – which was not in use by the Russian army, and is a decade past the 'use-by date' intended by the manufacturer. 
  
 The last missile of this type was produced in the Soviet Union in 1986 and Russia decommissioned its remaining 9M38s in 2011, Russian state-sponsored Sputnik News reported. 
  
 "The results of the experiment completely contradict the results of the Dutch commission on the type of missile and the location of its launch," Almaz-Antey CEO Yan Novikov told journalists. 
  
 His company's report also said the missile was fired from near the village of Zaroschenskoye – an area reportedly under Ukrainian control at the time. 
  
 However they produced no eyewitness evidence of a Buk in that region at the time, in contrast to the significant amount of eyewitness, video and photographic evidence of a Buk in rebel-controlled territory on the day MH17 came down. 
  
 And Dutch TV reporter Rudy Bouma Tweeted that he had visited Zaroschenskoye recently and "villagers didn't witness (a) Buk launch previous to (the) crash", though the Ukrainian army was around 5km away at the time. 
  
 The Dutch report was not intended to address "questions of blame or liability", a DSB spokesman said. 
  
 However one DSB source told the Dutch newspaper Volkskrant the BUK missile is developed and made in Russia, and "It can be assumed that the rebels would not be able to operate such a device. I suspect the involvement of former Russian military officials". 
  
 World leaders react, vow justice 
  
 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull and Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop released a joint statement welcoming the findings, saying their thoughts and prayers were with the families and loved ones of those killed on the flight. 
  
 Ms Bishop said the reports findings provided critical insight into the incident. 
  
 "It determines the plane was shot down by a surface-to-air missile, consistent with the Australian government's initial assessment of the incident," she said. 
  
 The criminal investigation into who was responsible for the tragedy is run separately by an international 'Joint Investigation Team', including Australian federal police, who recently told Fairfax it may be another year before the case is ready for prosecution. 
  
 And in any case it is still unclear where the case could be tried. Russia vetoed a proposal for an international tribunal that was proposed by Australia and the Netherlands at the United Nations in July. 
  
 "We, and other partner governments of the Joint Investigation Team, remain absolutely committed to seeing justice done," said Ms Bishop. 
  
 Malaysia's prime minister Najib Razak said countries must work together to hold those responsible for "this murderous" act after speaking with Mr Turnbull about the MH17 findings, and labelled the attack as "unforseeable". 
  
 "Fifteen months have passed but our commitment to bringing the perpetrators to justice remains as strong as it was on that fateful day when hundreds of innocent people lost their lives in a conflict that was not theirs," Mr Najib said in a statement. 
  
 "This was an unforeseeable act and, of the 160 flights that were on MH17's general route that day, not one was advised by the relevant authorities about any specific threat," he said. 
  
 The White House released a statement calling the report an "important milestone in the effort to hold accountable those responsible." 
  
 with Lindsay Murdoch, AAP ||||| Search Results 
  
 Time displayed is based on local departure/arrival city time. Flight No. Status Departure City Departure Date & Time Arrival City Arrival Date & Time 
  
 There are no flights to be displayed for the chosen search criteria. Please select another flight number or departure/arrival city and try again. 
  
  
  
  
  
 Last updated on: 
  
 Please note that the schedules are subject to change without prior notice and status displayed may not represent all possible and additional flights available. You can also access the same facility on MHmobile via flymas.mobi on your phoneâ€™s browser. For the latest updates, please contact your departure/arrival airport. 
  
  
  
 For flights displaying 'ON HOLD' status, the latest time will be advised. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?