Here is a news article: Senate Minority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell and his wife, Elaine Chao, ride in the Adairville Strawberry Festival parade while campaigning for the Republican primary in Adairville, Ky. Getty Images 
  
 Tuesday brings the biggest primary day of the season. Republicans will pick Senate candidates in Georgia, Kentucky and Oregon. Pennsylvania Democrats will choose their candidate to face Gov. Tom Corbett. And there are an array of open House races in Georgia. (Related: Election Drama in House Primaries Tuesday) 
  
 Here’s Washington Wire’s look at five top races to watch Tuesday: 
  
 Kentucky GOP Senate primary 
  
 Polls open (ET): 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. in the Eastern Time Zone, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. in the Central Time Zone 
  
 Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is going to win big over challenger Matt Bevin, but there may be clues in Tuesday’s results that tell us something about Mr. McConnell’s general election battle with Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes. 
  
 As our Dante Chinni points out, if Mr. McConnell puts up big margins in evangelical areas in the primary, it bodes well for him in the general election, when Ms. Grimes may do better in Kentucky’s population centers than did Mr. McConnell’s underfunded 2008 challenger, Bruce Lunsford. 
  
 For Mr. Bevin, Tuesday ends what has been a disappointing effort to oust Mr. McConnell from the right. He poured $900,000 of his own money into the campaign but never gained traction. From making rookie mistakes like allowing himself to debate a McConnell aide to having backed the Troubled Asset Relief Program he attacked Mr. McConnell for supporting to speaking at a pro-cockfighting rally and then having to apologize for it, it has been a parade of errors for Mr. Bevin. 
  
 Meanwhile, Mr. McConnell has had support from the broad Republican establishment. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Rifle Association have spent money on his behalf, while Mr. McConnell’s chief antagonists, the Senate Conservatives Fund, has backed Mr. Bevin. 
  
 Mr. Bevin’s race marks the beginning of what is setting up to be a string of defeats for Republican challengers to incumbent senators. Mississippi state Sen. Chris McDaniel trails Sen. Thad Cochran and over the weekend was forced to explain why a supporter videotaped Mr. Cochran’s ailing wife at her nursing home. In Kansas, physician Milton Wolf hasn’t gained traction against Sen. Pat Roberts after admitting that he wrote Facebook comments about patients he treated. 
  
 Georgia GOP Senate Primary 
  
 Polls open (ET): 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. 
  
 This is a three-way race to finish second. Former Reebok and Dollar General CEO David Perdue, Rep. Jack Kingston and former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel are atop a five-way field to replace Sen. Saxby Chambliss. 
  
 Since state law requires a July run-off election if no candidate reaches 50% in the primary – a certainty in a five-way race – the drama here is who will finish second, Mr. Kingston or Ms. Handel. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is advertising in heavy rotation to back Mr. Kingston, while Ms. Handel has support from Sarah Palin and Rick Santorum. 
  
 Democrats had hoped – and Republican establishment types feared – that one of the two tea-party physicians in the race, Reps. Paul Broun and Phil Gingrey, would advance out of the primary, but odds of that now appear slim. Whichever Republican survives will face Democrat Michelle Nunn in November. 
  
 If Ms. Handel qualifies for the run-off, the contours of the run-off will be clear: She will assume most tea party support while Mr. Kingston, a 22-year House veteran, or Mr. Perdue, whose cousin Sonny Perdue was governor, would be the establishment’s choice. In past years the establishment has lost those intraparty battles. This year the tables have turned. 
  
 Oregon GOP Senate Primary 
  
 Polls open (ET): 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. 
  
 Monica Wehby is the longshot hope for Senate Republicans in 2014. A pediatric neurosurgeon, Dr. Wehby raised an impressive amount of money for a first-time candidate, released a set of sharp TV ads and has positioned herself as a moderate in a blue state. Now she only needs to defeat a more conservative primary opponent, state Rep. Jason Conger. 
  
 And then came the allegations she stalked an ex-boyfriend, who happens to now be a prominent campaign supporter. 
  
 The stalking allegations may have more impact on Dr. Wehby’s general election chances than during the primary – most Oregonians vote by mail – but she has not handled the questions with much deft, fleeing a Friday debate “as reporters tried without success to interview her,” Portland’s Oregonian wrote. 
  
 Mr. Conger is to the right of Dr. Wehby on a host of social issues important to Republicans (gay marriage and abortion rights in particular). But with Dr. Wehby holding double-digit leads in pre-primary polling, the last-minute hit may not be damaging enough to her Tuesday. But the next five months may tell a different story. 
  
 Idaho GOP 2nd Congressional District primary 
  
 Polls open (ET): 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. 
  
 Rep. Mike Simpson is one of House Speaker John Boehner’s key allies and a top target for the Club for Growth. But after $500,000 in advertising tying Mr. Simpson to the TARP bailout and other conservative apostasies failing to close the gap, the Club for Growth bailed on the race. It hasn’t advertised in Idaho in the campaign’s final weeks, when it shifted its resources to Nebraska’s Senate primary. 
  
 Attorney Bryan Smith was left to fend for himself, while Mr. Simpson had an array of mainstream Republican defenders at the ready: the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Defending Main Street super PAC, the National Rifle Association, the National Association of Realtors and the American Dental Association all spent on Mr. Simpson’s behalf. Mitt Romney, who won 65% of Idaho’s 2012 vote, filmed an ad backing Mr. Simpson. 
  
 In the end it was too much for Mr. Smith, who has local tea party support but little other help on the TV airwaves. Mr. Simpson is expected to cruise to re-election in November. (Related: Election Drama in House Primaries Tuesday) 
  
 Pennsylvania Governor 
  
 Polls open (ET): 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. 
  
 After spending $10 million on his race, Tom Wolf carries a wide lead over the three other Democrats fighting for the right to face Republican Gov. Tom Corbett in November. 
  
 There are few policy differences between Mr. Wolf, whose family owns a cabinetry company, Rep. Allyson Schwartz, who represents a Philadelphia-area district, former Clinton administration adviser Katie McGinty, or state Treasurer Rob McCord. 
  
 Ms. Schwartz, in a rare tactic for Democrats this cycle, has gone out of her way to highlight her support for Obamacare. That’s key in a state where Mr. Corbett declined to accept the Medicaid expansion and is seen as one of the nation’s most vulnerable incumbent governors. But it is likely not enough to overcome months of Mr. Wolf’s television advertising. 
  
 Rebecca Ballhaus contributed to this article. 
  
 Get more on the midterms, first thing in the morning, by signing up for the Capital Journal Daybreak newsletter: on.wsj.com/CapitalJournalSignup 
  
 More: 
  
 Election Drama in Pennsylvania, Georgia House Primaries 
  
 Think Tank: If Americans Are Dissatisfied, Why Are Incumbents Poised for Reelection? 
  
 Washington Bureau Chief Jerry Seib discusses the three races serving as a barometer for the tea party: 
  
 ______________________________________________________ 
  
  
  
 Politics Alerts: Get email alerts on breaking news and big scoops. (NEW!) 
  
  
  
 Capital Journal Daybreak Newsletter: Sign up to get the latest on politics, policy and defense delivered to your inbox every morning. 
  
  
  
 For the latest Washington news, follow @wsjpolitics 
  
  
  
 For outside analysis, follow @wsjthinktank 
  
  
  
  ||||| Today is the closest thing to a Super Tuesday this primary season, and the results of voting in six states will set the stage for some of November’s marquee races. 
  
 The Democrats’ best hopes for Senate pick-ups are in Kentucky, where Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell faces a tea party-inspired primary challenge, and Georgia, where a crowded field of Republican candidates will be narrowed to a two-way runoff. 
  
 Text Size - 
  
 + 
  
 reset John Harris analysis Primary preview: Kentucky, Georgia Chamber eyes Ky., Ga. Senate races 
  
 Polls finish closing in Kentucky and Georgia at 7 p.m., in Pennsylvania at 8 p.m., in Arkansas at 8:30 p.m. and in Idaho and Oregon at 11 p.m. Here are five themes to watch for as returns come in: 
  
 (Full results: 2014 primary elections) 
  
 In Georgia, will the two most establishment-friendly candidates make it to a runoff? 
  
 David Perdue, a former Dollar General CEO, has led in the final polls of the race to succeed retiring Sen. Saxby Chambliss, and he’s taken the brunt of attacks in recent days. 
  
 His No. 1 antagonist has been Rep. Jack Kingston, who is backed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Both men are battling for a similar base of support as they seek to make the July 22 runoff, and a head-to-head matchup would most likely be very negative. 
  
 Karen Handel, a former Georgia secretary of state, has tried to present herself as the more conservative alternative to Perdue and Kingston. She’s come under fire from two well-known social conservatives in the House, Phil Gingrey and Paul Broun, who have tried to stay in the hunt. 
  
 Democratic star recruit Michelle Nunn faces no real opposition in her primary. 
  
 (Also on POLITICO: GOP war revived in Georgia) 
  
 Because the open Senate seat drew three House members, there are competitive GOP primaries for their seats, each of which could also go to a runoff. Meanwhile, on the Democratic side, Atlanta-area Rep. Hank Johnson is facing a stiff challenge from a former DeKalb county sheriff. 
  
 In Oregon, how damaging is the Monica Wehby police report? 
  
 For months, Republicans have touted Portland neurosurgeon Monica Wehby as a dream recruit to take on freshman Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley, who they think could be vulnerable because of his support for Obamacare in a state where implementation has been particularly disastrous. 
  
 Wehby faces primary opposition from the more conservative state Rep. Jason Conger but has been backed by national Republican figures such as Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich. Recent polls showed her well ahead. 
  
 (Also on POLITICO: Second harassment accusation for Wehby) 
  
 Then on Friday, POLITICO reported that Wehby’s ex-boyfriend last year accused her of “stalking” him, entering his home without his permission and “harassing” his employees. Both Wehby and her ex downplayed the incident, saying they are now on good terms. 
  
 On Monday, Wehby received another blow when The Oregonian reported that her ex-husband accused her through their 2007 divorce of “ongoing harassment.” 
  
 Wehby is likely to prevail because Oregon is an all-mail voting state, meaning that many of the ballots were already sent in before the news broke. 
  
 (WATCH: Some of 2014's wackiest campaign ads) 
  
 Oregon Republicans also are choosing a nominee to take on potentially vulnerable Democratic Gov. John Kitzhaber. It’s a pretty deep-blue state, so Kitzhaber should probably be OK come November, despite the major problems with Oregon’s health exchange. 
  
 National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Greg Walden also is poised to crush a primary challenger in the race for his House seat. ||||| Welcome to "Super Tuesday," 2014 edition! 
  
 There’s lots of money behind all that messaging. Just how much cash have Senate hopefuls in Georgia, Arkansas and Kentucky shelled out? (Pamela Kirkland/The Washington Post) 
  
 Get excited, because voters are casting ballots in six states holding high-stakes primaries. It's the busiest primary day of the year so far -- and the most consequential. 
  
 From tea party vs. establishment infighting in the West to a Democratic sprint to the left in the Northeast, there's a lot going on. But fear not! Here's where we come in. Below we give you the eight most important things to watch: 
  
 1. Who will make the Republican runoff for U.S. Senate in Georgia? 
  
  
  
 From left, Reps. Paul Broun and P.J. Gingrey, minister Derrick Grayson, Rep. Jack Kingston, Arthur Gardner, Karen Handel, and David Perdue stand at their podiums to deliver opening remarks during the Georgia Republican Party U.S. Senate debate. (AP Photo/The Augusta Chronicle, Sara Caldwell) 
  
 In the wildly unpredictable and increasingly nasty Georgia Senate race, there's only been one certainty the past few months: There will be a GOP runoff on July 22. Businessman David Perdue looks like a good bet to make the runoff, as his outsider message is hitting home thanks to the heaps of cash he has spent on advertising. Chamber of Commerce-backed Rep. Jack Kingston and Sarah Palin-backed former secretary of state Karen Handel are competing for a second spot, recent polls show. (A lot of undecided votes are still up for grabs.) The good news for Republican chances is that Reps. Paul Broun and Phil Gingrey, far right candidates with a knack for stoking controversy, appear to be out of the running. The winner is likely to take on highly touted Democratic recruit Michelle Nunn, a first-time candidate. 
  
 Polls close at 7 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 2. What will Mitch McConnell's margin of victory be? 
  
  
  
 Kentucky Republican senatorial candidate Matt Bevin holds newborn Mary Halston Brandon at the Fountain Run BBQ Festival while campaigning for the Republican primary May 17, 2014, in Fountain Run, Kentucky. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) 
  
 The only question about the Republican primary for U.S. Senate in Kentucky is the margin of minority leader Mitch McConnell's victory. Recent polls show him up by between 20 and 30 points. When Louisville businessman Matt Bevin launched his bid to unseat the Senate's top Republican, we thought McConnell might be in for an epic primary. McConnell is not popular and Bevin's personal fortune made him a candidate to watch. But the race has been anything but epic as the combination of missteps from the Bevin camp (um, cockfighting?) and a barrage of spending from McConnell and his allies prevented Bevin from ever posing a serious threat. That doesn't mean the final tally won't matter. As veteran observer Al Cross writes, Bevin could top 40 percent. McConnell will need every vote he can get in the fall against Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes (D). If more than 40 percent of the GOP primary electorate is against him now, who's to say how many of them will come out for McConnell in November? Plus, there's the symbolic element. McConnell wants to be in a position of strength Wednesday on day one of the general election. 
  
 Polls close at 6 p.m. Eastern and Central. 
  
 3. Will Democrat Tom Wolf advance to a showdown against the nation's most vulnerable governor? 
  
  
  
 Tom Wolf (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic) 
  
 Polls show businessman Tom Wolf with a wide lead over the competition in the Democratic primary for governor in Pennsylvania. Thanks to his heavy ad spending, the technocrat Wolf has jumped to the top of the heap in a race that once looked potentially ripe for Rep. Allyson Schwartz to seize. But Schwartz's former ties to centrist groups and have gotten her into some trouble, as has the crowded field. She has been touting her support for Obamacare down the stretch, an approach that has stood out in an election cycle where the law has been politically toxic in so many other aces. Like Georgia, undecided voters could decide this one. But for Wolf to be upset, undecideds would have to break heavily toward one of his opponents. That doesn't seem likely to happen. 
  
 Polls close at 8 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 4. It's business versus tea party in Idaho. Business is poised for victory. 
  
  
  
 Challenger Bryan Smith, left, and incumbent Rep. Mike Simpson (R) participate in a televised debate for the upcoming Republican primary in Boise, Idaho May 11. (REUTERS/Patrick Sweeney) 
  
 The anti-tax Club for Growth's first ever crowdsourced candidate is attorney Bryan Smith, who is challenging Rep. Mike Simpson (R-Idaho). But the business-backed Smith has gotten far more help from third-party groups overall. His backers -- most notably the Chamber -- have spent some $2.4 million on his behalf, compared to Smith's allies spending just $600,000. The Club has been off the air since last month, a sign this race isn't very competitive. If Simpson wins, it's another victory for the business wing of the tea party, which has shown a willingness to spend big in primaries this cycle. It would also be a let down for the Club, given how much excitement it generated about Smith. 
  
 Polls close at 10 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 5. Will Monica Wehby hold on in Oregon after a story about "stalking" her ex-boyfriend last year? 
  
  
  
 In this March 19, 2014 photo, Oregon Republican Senate candidate Monica Wehby, right, talks to supporter Marvin Hausman in Lake Oswego, Ore. (AP Photo/Jonathan J. Cooper) 
  
 Last Thursday, pediatric neurosurgeon Monica Wehby seemed poised for victory in Oregon's GOP primary for U.S. Senate, despite a late barrage of outside spending from antiabortion groups hitting her from the right. But then came a Politico story Friday about a 2013 police report in which Wehby was accused by her ex-boyfriend of "stalking" him and entering his home without permission. Audio of the 911 call has also become public. Wehby was never arrested, but the distracting story threatens to veer her off-message for a while as the media continues to ask about it. Oregon votes by mail, and many primary ballots were cast in advance of Friday, suggesting Wehby will probably survive the primary and advance to a showdown against Sen. Jeff Merkley (D). Still, this is not the entry she envisioned. 
  
 Polls close at 11 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 6. Will a Clinton-backed U.S. House candidate advance in Pennsylvania? 
  
  
  
 In this Jan. 5, 1993 file photo, then-House Speaker Thomas Foley administers the House oath, during a re-enactment, to Rep Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky D-Pa. She is accompanied by husband Edward, left, and family, on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP Photo/Dennis Cook) 
  
 Democrat Marjorie Margolies (then Margolies-Mezvinsky) lost her seat in Congress in the 1994 midterms in large part because of her vote for President Bill Clinton's economic plan. Twenty years later, she's back for a run at the House in a contested Democratic primary in Schwartz's district. Margolies has gotten fundraising help from Bill and Hillary Clinton. The former president even cut an ad for her. Margolies is the mother-in-law of Chelsea Clinton. 
  
  
  
 Polls close at 8 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 7. There are two GOP primaries for U.S. House in Arkansas worth following. 
  
  
  
 Republican Rep. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), above, is vacating his 4th district seat to run for U.S. Senate. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston) 
  
 Democrats are bullish about competing in the open 2nd and 4th congressional districts, where they've recruited capable candidates and the Republican fields are less settled. The 2nd district is Democrats' better bet. The GOP nominee there -- probably either state Rep. Ann Clemmer or banker French Hill -- will face former North Little Rock Mayor Patrick Henry Hays (D) in the fall. In the 4th district, where incumbent Rep. Tom Cotton (R) is leaving his seat to run for the U.S. Senate, the Republican frontrunner is state House Majority Leader Bruce Westerman. The GOP nominee will face former FEMA chief James Lee Witt (D). 
  
 Polls close at 8:30 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 8. Which Republican will take on the last white Democrat from the Deep South in the House? 
  
  
  
 Rep. John Barrow (D-Ga.) in 2012. (John Bazemore/Associated Press) 
  
 Five Republicans are vying for a chance to take on Rep. John Barrow of Georgia, the last white Democrat from the Deep South in the U.S. House. Barrow survived against the odds last election cycle and his reward is that once again Republicans are eagerly eyeing a chance to unseat him. But first, they have to sort out who their nominee will be. The race may be headed to a July runoff, which would be good news for Barrow. The GOP frontrunner is construction company Rick Allen, who lost in the 2012 primary. 
  
 Polls close at 7 p.m. Eastern. 
  
 Updated at 8:53 a.m. on 5/20 |||||
A summary of this is?