Write a summary based on this article:

“There has been unbelievable, unprecedented obstruction,” Mr. Reid said as he set in motion the steps for the vote on Thursday. “The Senate is a living thing, and to survive it must change as it has over the history of this great country. To the average American, adapting the rules to make the Senate work again is just common sense.” 
  
 Republicans accused Democrats of irreparably damaging the character of an institution that in many ways still operates as it did in the 19th century, and of disregarding the constitutional prerogative of the Senate as a body of “advice and consent” on presidential nominations. 
  
 “You think this is in the best interest of the United States Senate and the American people?” asked the Republican leader, Senator Mitch McConnell, sounding incredulous. 
  
 “I say to my friends on the other side of the aisle, you’ll regret this. And you may regret it a lot sooner than you think,” he added. 
  
 Mr. Obama applauded the Senate’s move. “Today’s pattern of obstruction, it just isn’t normal,” he told reporters at the White House. “It’s not what our founders envisioned. A deliberate and determined effort to obstruct everything, no matter what the merits, just to refight the results of an election is not normal, and for the sake of future generations we can’t let it become normal.” 
  
 Photo 
  
 Only three Democrats voted against the measure. 
  
 The changes will apply to all 1,183 executive branch nominations that require Senate confirmation — not just cabinet positions but hundreds of high- and midlevel federal agency jobs and government board seats. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 This fight was a climax to the bitter debate between the parties over electoral mandates and the consequences of presidential elections. Republicans, through their frequent use of the various roadblocks that congressional procedure affords them, have routinely thwarted Democrats. Democrats, in turn, have accused Republicans of effectively trying to nullify the results of a presidential election they lost, whether by trying to dismantle his health care law or keep Mr. Obama from filling his cabinet. 
  
 Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. 
  
 Republicans saw their battle as fighting an overzealous president who, left to his own devices, would stack a powerful and underworked court with judges sympathetic to his vision of big-government liberalism, pushing its conservative tilt sharply left. The court is of immense political importance to both parties because it often decides questions involving White House and federal agency policy. 
  
 Republicans proposed eliminating three of its 11 full-time seats. When Democrats balked, the Republicans refused to confirm any more judges, saying they were exercising their constitutional check against the executive. 
  
 Senator Pat Roberts, Republican of Kansas, said Democrats had undercut the minority party’s rights forever. “We have weakened this body permanently, undermined it for the sake of an incompetent administration,” he said. “What a tragedy.” 
  
 With the filibuster rules now rewritten — the most significant change since the Senate lowered its threshold to break a filibuster from two-thirds of the body to three-fifths, or 60 votes, in 1975 — the Senate can proceed with approving a backlog of presidential nominations. 
  
 Photo 
  
 There are now 59 nominees to executive branch positions and 17 nominees to the federal judiciary awaiting confirmation votes. The Senate acted immediately on Thursday when it voted with just 55 senators affirming to move forward on the nomination of Patricia A. Millett, a Washington lawyer nominated to the Washington appeals court. Two other nominees to that court, Cornelia T. L. Pillard and Robert L. Wilkins, are expected to be confirmed when the Senate returns from its Thanksgiving recess next month. 
  
 The filibuster or threats to use it have frustrated presidents and majority parties since the early days of the republic. Over the years, and almost always after the minority had made excessive use of it, the Senate has adjusted the rules. Until 1917, the year Woodrow Wilson derided his antiwar antagonists as “a little group of willful men” who had rendered the government helpless through blocking everything in front of it, there was no rule to end debate. From 1917 to 1975, the bar for cutting off debate was set at two-thirds of the Senate. 
  
 Some would go even further than Thursday’s action. Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, said that he would like to see the next fight on the filibuster to be to require senators to actually stand on the floor and talk if they wanted to stall legislation. 
  
 The gravity of the situation was reflected in an unusual scene on the Senate floor: Nearly all 100 senators were in their seats, rapt, as their two leaders debated. 
  
 As the two men went back and forth, Mr. McConnell appeared to realize there was no way to persuade Mr. Reid to change his mind. As many Democrats wore large grins, Republicans looked dour as they lost on a futile, last-ditch parliamentary attempt by Mr. McConnell to overrule the majority vote. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 When Mr. McConnell left the chamber, he said, “I think it’s a time to be sad about what’s been done to the United States Senate.” ||||| The Senate voted Thursday to change its rules to prevent the minority party from filibustering any nominations other than nods to the Supreme Court. 
  
 The change was approved after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry ReidThe Trail 2016: When elections and terrorism intersect Democratic super-PAC launches ad against Portman Warren steps into 2016 fray, calls Trump a ‘loser’ MORE (D-Nev.) triggered the “nuclear option,” which allows a change to Senate rules by majority vote. 
  
 The 52-48 vote dramatically changes the rules of the Senate and limits the minority party's ability to prevent confirmation of presidential nominees. Sens. Carl Levin (Mich.), Mark Pryor (Ark.) and Joe Manchin (W.Va.) were the only Democrats to vote against Reid's rules change. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 It will allow all three of President Obama's nominees to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals to go forward, as well as his nomination of Rep. Mel Watt (D-N.C.) to lead a housing regulatory agency. 
  
 Obama praised the action. 
  
 “The gears of government have to work and the step that a majority of senators took today I think will help make those gears work just a little bit better,” he said in a statement from the White House briefing room. 
  
 Reid said the change was necessary to get the Senate working again. 
  
 “It’s time to change the Senate before this institution becomes obsolete,” Reid said on the Senate floor. 
  
 “The American people believe Congress is broken. The American people believe the Senate is broken. And I agree.” 
  
 The procedural motion is known as the nuclear option because critics warn it would obliterate bipartisan relations in the Senate. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) ripped Reid for triggering it. 
  
 McConnell accused Democrats of picking a “fake fight over judges” to try and “distract the public” from the problems of ObamaCare. 
  
 “It only reinforces the narrative of party willing to do or say just about anything to get its way,” said McConnell. “One again, Democrats are threatening to break the rules of the Senate ... in order to change the rules of the Senate,” he said. 
  
 “And over what? Over a court that doesn’t have enough work to do.” 
  
 After the vote, McConnell declined to comment on the prospect of Republican retaliation. 
  
 “I don’t think this is the time to be talking about reprisals. I think it’s a time to be sad about what’s been done to the United States Senate,” he said. 
  
 The specific procedural vote to change the Senate's rules was to sustain the ruling of the chair that nominees need 60 votes to advance to final passage. 
  
 Democrats voted against sustaining the ruling of the chair and in favor of changing the Senate's rules. The final vote was 48-52. 
  
 In his floor comments, Reid said the filibuster had rendered the Senate’s basic duty of confirming presidential nominees “completely unworkable.” 
  
 “The need for change is so, so very obvious,” he said. 
  
 “These nominees deserve at least an up-or-down vote, but Republican filibusters deny them a fair vote, any vote, and deny the president his team.” 
  
 The two parties have effectively changed sides on the nuclear option since Democrats gained control of the upper chamber in the 2006 election. 
  
 Republicans accused Democrats of hypocrisy for embracing a controversial tactic they criticized in 2005, when Republicans threatened to go nuclear to move then-President George W. Bush’s stalled nominees. 
  
 “To change the rules in the Senate can't be done by a simple majority. It can only be done if there is extended debate by 67 votes,” Reid said in May of 2005. 
  
 “They are talking about doing something illegal. They are talking about breaking the rules to change the rules, and that is not appropriate. That is not fair, and it is not right,” he said in April of that year. 
  
 But Democrats countered that McConnell was ready to vote for it when then-Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.) wanted to strip the minority of the power to filibuster eight years ago. 
  
 The dispute that triggered the rules change was over three of President Obama’s nominees to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, the second-most-powerful court in the nation. 
  
 Republicans have blocked the nominations of Patricia Millett, an appellate litigator; Cornelia Pillard, a Georgetown Law School professor; and Robert Wilkins, a judge on the District Court for the District of Columbia. 
  
 Reid said Republicans floated a last-minute deal by offering to confirm one of the D.C. Circuit nominees to avoid the rules change. 
  
 The Senate voted 55 to 43 immediately after the rules change to end a filibuster of Millett. 
  
 Reid proposed scheduling a final vote on her nomination after the Thanksgiving recess if Republicans agreed to speed up consideration of the defense authorization bill. 
  
 Reid had come under growing pressure from his conference to use the nuclear option to fill the court's vacancies. 
  
 Sen. Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), an outspoken proponent of rules reform, circulated a memo to the media Thursday morning defending the tactic. 
  
 He noted that then-Senate Majority Leader Robert Byrd (D-W.Va.) used it on March 5, 1980, when he eliminated filibusters on motions to proceed to nominations. 
  
 He argued the Senate has changed its procedures by a simple majority vote at least 18 times since 1977. 
  
 “The notion that changing Senate procedure with a simple majority vote is ‘changing the rules by breaking the rules’ is false,” he wrote. 
  
 — This story was posted at 10:22 a.m. and updated at 2:20 p.m. ||||| Senate Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., speaks to the media on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2013. The Senate is nearing a potential showdown on curbing the power that the Republican... (Associated Press) 
  
 Senate Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., speaks to the media on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2013. The Senate is nearing a potential showdown on curbing the power that the Republican... (Associated Press) 
  
 The Democrat majority in the Senate on Thursday pushed through a major rules change, one that curbs the power of the Republican minority to block President Barack Obama's nominations for high-level judgeships and cabinet and agency officials. The move was certain to only deepen the partisan divide that has crippled passage of legislation. 
  
 Infuriated over repeated Republican blocks of Obama candidates for critical judgeships, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid took the dramatic step, calling it "simple fairness" because the change would work in Republicans' favor whenever they regain the White House and a Senate majority. 
  
 Current Senate rules allowed any one member of the chamber, using a tactic called a filibuster, to block a president's nominations unless 60 of the 100 Senators vote to move forward with the nomination. The 60-vote threshold has proven difficult for Democrats to assemble given they hold only a 55-45 edge over the Republicans in a hyper-partisan political climate and stalemated Congress. 
  
 "The gears of government have to work," Obama said shortly after the Senate vote. In a brief White House appearance to congratulate his fellow Democrats, Obama complained that the old filibuster rule allowed opposition senators to avoid voting their conscience on legislation on which a yes vote could put them under attack from the far rightwing of the party. 
  
 Known as the "nuclear option," Reid said the rules change would help break partisan gridlock that has sent voter approval of Congress to record lows. He forced a vote on requiring only 51 votes to end a filibuster. The change would not end the 60-vote threshold for overcoming blocking action for Supreme Court nominees or legislation. 
  
 The change is the most far-reaching to filibuster rules since 1975, when a two-thirds requirement for cutting off filibusters against legislation and all nominations was eased to today's three-fifths, or 60-vote, level. It would make it harder for the opposition party to block presidential appointments. 
  
 The latest battle is over Obama's choices to fill three vacancies at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. Since Oct. 31, Republican filibusters derailed the president's nominations of District Judge Robert L. Wilkins, law professor Cornelia Pillard and attorney Patricia Millett for those lifelong appointments. The D.C. Circuit Court is viewed as second only to the Supreme Court in power because it rules on disputes over White House and federal agency actions. The circuit's eight sitting judges are divided evenly between Democratic and Republican presidential appointees. Three seats are vacant. 
  
 "They have decided that their base demands a permanent campaign against the president and maximum use of every tool available," said Democrat Sen. Jeff Merkley, a leading advocate of revamping filibuster rules that have been used a record number of times during the Obama presidency. He said Republican tactics are "trumping the appropriate exercise of advice and consent." 
  
 Republicans said they are weary of repeated Democratic threats to rewrite the rules. They say Democrats similarly obstructed some of President George W. Bush's nominees and argue that the D.C. Circuit's caseload is too low, which Democrats reject. 
  
 "I suspect the reason they may be doing it is hoping Republicans overreact, and it's the only thing that they could think of that would change the conversation about Obamacare," said Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander, using the nickname for Obama's troubled health care law. "But we're not that dumb." 
  
 Reid use of the nuclear option procedural move would allow him to change the filibuster rule with just 51 votes, meaning Democrats could push it through without Republican support. Senate rules are more commonly changed with 67 votes. 
  
 Nomination fights are not new in the Senate, but as the hostility has grown the two sides have been edging toward a collision for much of this year. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writer Alan Fram contributed to this report. ||||| The Senate approved a historic rules change on Thursday by eliminating the use of the filibuster on all presidential nominees except those to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
  
 Invoking the long-threatened “nuclear option” means that most of President Barack Obama’s judicial and executive branch nominees no longer need to clear a 60-vote threshold to reach the Senate floor and get an up-or-down vote. 
  
 Text Size - 
  
 + 
  
 reset Mitch McConnell responds In 90 secs: What's driving the day 
  
 Speaking at the White House, Obama praised the Senate action, accusing Republicans of attempting to block his nominees based on politics alone, not on the merits of the nominee. 
  
 “This isn’t obstruction on substance, on qualifications. It’s just to gum up the works,” he said. 
  
 (PHOTOS: Harry Reid’s career) 
  
 Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) used the nuclear option Thursday morning, meaning he called for a vote to change the Senate rules by a simple majority vote. It passed, 52 to 48. Three Democrats voted against changing the rules — Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan, Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Mark Pryor of Arkansas. 
  
 “It’s time to change the Senate before this institution becomes obsolete,” Reid said in a lengthy floor speech on Thursday morning. 
  
 A furious Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who tried to recess the Senate for the day before the rules change could get a vote, said after the minority’s power was limited by Democrats: “I don’t think this is a time to be talking about reprisal. I think it’s a time to be sad about what has been done to the United States Senate.” 
  
 But McConnell quickly noted that Republicans could fix the problem in the upcoming midterm elections if they regain the majority: “The solution to this problem is an election. The solution to this problem is at the ballot box. We look forward to having a great election on 2014.” 
  
 The debate over the filibuster — and specifically its use on D.C. Circuit nominees — has been raging for nearly a decade, stretching back to when George W. Bush was president and Democrats were in the minority. But changing the Senate rules has always been avoided through a piecemeal deal, a gentleman’s agreement or a specific solution, not a historic change to the very fabric of the Senate. 
  
 (Also on POLITICO: Reid: GOP playing with fire on judges) 
  
 But since Obama’s nomination, the “nuclear option” has reared its head three times in less than a year — each time getting closer to the edge. Many in the Senate privately expected that this go-round would be yet another example of saber rattling, but Reid said pressure was increasing within his own party to change the rules. 
  
 The blockade of three consecutive nominees to a powerful appellate court was too much for Democrats to handle — and Reid felt compelled to pull the trigger, explaining that “this is the way it has to be.” 
  
 It didn’t take long for Republicans to begin circulating both Reid’s and Obama’s past statements opposing a rules change. But the majority leader said that things escalated to a level that even he had not thought possible in 2005, when a “Gang of 14” banded together to stop a rules change. 
  
 “They have done everything they can to deny the fact that Obama has been elected and then reelected,” he said. “I have a right to change how I feel about things.” 
  
 (Earlier on POLITICO: Court nominees: Battleground for partisan politics) 
  
 Senate Democrats were quick to use their newfound powers, voting in the early afternoon to end the filibuster on Patricia Millett’s nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. The vote was 55-43, with two senators voting present. Before the change earlier Thursday, Millett would have needed 60 votes to clear the procedural hurdle and move on to a confirmation vote. But now, she needed just 51 to advance. 
  
 In his speech, Obama noted that in the few decades before he took office, about 20 nominees were filibustered. Since he took office, close to 30 judicial and political nominees have had their nominations blocked. 
  
 “It’s no secret that the American people have probably never been more frustrated with Washington, and one of the reasons why that is, is that over the past five years, we’ve seen an unprecedented pattern of obstruction in Congress that’s prevented too much of the American people’s business from getting done,” Obama said. “Today’s pattern of obstruction just isn’t normal. We can’t allow it to become normal.” 
  
 Obama also cited the filibuster of a gun control bill earlier this year, although Thursday’s rule change would preserve the filibuster for Supreme Court picks and legislation. |||||