Answer the following question: Information:  - In guitar music, especially electric guitar, a power chord (also fifth chord) is a colloquial name for a chord that consists of the root note and the fifth. Power chords are commonly played on amplified guitars, especially on electric guitar with distortion. Power chords are a key element of many styles of rock and especially in heavy metal, and punk rock.  - A Lesson in Romantics is the debut studio album by American rock band Mayday Parade. The band resulted from the merger of Kid Named Chicago and Defining Moment. In June 2006 the band released an EP, "Tales Told by Dead Friends", which they sold to people by following the 2006 edition of Warped Tour and offering copies; it eventually sold 10,000 copies. The band signed to Fearless Records in August. "A Lesson in Romantics" was recorded in early 2007 with producers Zack Odom and Kenneth Mount. Vocalist/guitarist Jason Lancaster left the band in March 2007 citing a lack of writing credit on the band's releases. Prior to the release of "A Lesson in Romantics", "Black Cat", "When I Get Home, You're So Dead", and "Jamie All Over" were made available for streaming. After the album's release, the band participated in the 2007 edition of Warped Tour.  - Sugarcult is an American rock band from Santa Barbara, California formed in 1998. The band currently consists of Tim Pagnotta (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Airin Older (bass guitar, backing vocals), Marko DeSantis (commonly known as "Marko 72") (lead guitar), and Kenny Livingston (drums, percussion).  - In musical terminology, tempo ("time" in Italian; plural: "tempi" ) is the speed or pace of a given piece or subsection thereof, how fast or slow. Tempo is related to meter and is usually measured by beats per minute, with the beats being a division of the measures, though tempo is often indicated by terms which have acquired standard ranges of beats per minute or assumed by convention without indication. Tempo may be separated from articulation, or articulation may be indicated along with tempo, and tempo contributes to the overall texture. While the ability to hold a steady tempo is a desirable skill, tempo is changeable, and often indicated by a conductor or drummer. While practicing, an electronic or mechanical device, a metronome, may indicate the tempo, as one usually works one's way up to being able to perform at the proper tempo. In other words it is the speed at which a passage of music is or should be played.  - Rhythm guitar is a technique and role that performs a combination of two functions: to provide all or part of the rhythmic pulse in conjunction with singers or other instruments; and to provide all or part of the harmony, i.e. the chords, where a chord is a group of notes played together. Therefore, the basic technique of rhythm guitar is to hold down a series of chords with the fretting hand while strumming rhythmically with the other hand. More developed rhythm techniques include arpeggios, damping, riffs, chord solos, and complex strums.  - Blessthefall (stylized as blessthefall) is an American metalcore band from Scottsdale, Arizona, signed to Fearless Records. The band was founded in 2004 by guitarist Mike Frisby, drummer Matt Traynor, and bassist Jared Warth. Their debut album, "His Last Walk", with original vocalist Craig Mabbitt, was released April 10, 2007. Their second studio album, "Witness", with current vocalist Beau Bokan, was released October 6, 2009. Their third studio album, "Awakening", was released on October 4, 2011. Their fourth studio album, "Hollow Bodies", was released on August 20, 2013. "To Those Left Behind" is the band's fifth full-length album, released on September 18, 2015.  - Boys Like Girls is an American pop rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. Formed in 2005, the group gained mainstream recognition when it released its self-titled debut album. Boys Like Girls was the co-headliner with Good Charlotte for the Soundtrack of Your Summer Tour 2008 that toured across the United States. The group's second studio album "Love Drunk", was released on September 8, 2009.  - Every Avenue was an American pop punk band from Marysville , Michigan , formed in 2003 . The band consists of David Ryan Strauchman ( lead vocals , piano ) , Joshua Randall Withenshaw ( lead guitar ) , Jimmie Deeghan ( rhythm guitar , vocals ) , Matt Black ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) and Dennis Wilson ( drums , percussion ) . The band is signed to Fearless Records and released their debut album , Shh . Just Go With It in 2008 . It was followed - up by their second album , Picture Perfect , in 2009 , which reached No. 136 on Billboard 200 . In 2011 , the band 's latest and third album titled Bad Habits was released , and it peaked at No. 63 on Billboard 200 , being the band 's highest chart position . Every Avenue has toured with bands such as Mayday Parade , All Time Low , The Maine and Boys Like Girls , and have appeared on the Vans Warped Tour .  - Metalcore is a broad fusion genre of extreme metal and hardcore punk. The word is a blend of the names of the two genres. Among other genres blending metal and hardcore, such as crust punk and grindcore, metalcore is noted for its use of breakdowns, which are slow, intense passages that are conducive to moshing. Pioneering metalcore bandssuch as Integrity, Earth Crisis and Converge, all of which had formed by 1990are described as leaning more toward hardcore, with their style sometimes being called metallic hardcore, whereas later bandssuch as Killswitch Engage, All That Remains, As I Lay Dying, Bullet for My Valentine, and Parkway Drive are described as leaning more towards metal. Pantera (who influenced Trivium, Atreyu, Bleeding Through and Unearth) and Sepultura have been particularly influential to the development of metalcore in the 2000s, which saw many bands in the genre achieve considerable commercial success.  - Boston (pronounced ) is the capital and most populous city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States. Boston is also the seat of Suffolk County, although the county government was disbanded on July 1, 1999. The city proper covers with an estimated population of 667,137 in 2015, making it the largest city in New England and the 23rd most populous city in the United States. The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area known as Greater Boston, a Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) home to a census-estimated 4.7 million people in 2014 and ranking as the tenth-largest such area in the country. Alternately, as a Combined Statistical Area (CSA), this wider commuting region is home to some 8.1 million people, making it the sixth-largest as such in the United States.  - Tallahassee is the capital of the U.S. state of Florida. It is the county seat and only incorporated municipality in Leon County. Tallahassee became the capital of Florida, then the Florida Territory, in 1824. In 2015, the population was 189,907, making the city the 126th-largest city in the United States. The population of the Tallahassee metropolitan area was 377,924 as of 2015. Tallahassee is the largest city in the Northwest Florida region as well as the main center for trade and agriculture in the Florida Big Bend and Southwest Georgia regions.  - Tales Told by Dead Friends is the debut EP by American rock band Mayday Parade, released on June 13, 2006. The group resulted from the merger of local acts Kid Named Chicago and Defining Moment. With their line-up solidified, the first two songs they wrote together was "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" and "Three Cheers for Five Years". Soon afterwards, they recorded an EP, "Tales Told by Dead Friends", with Lee Dyess. The group followed Warped Tour and sold copies to people in line. By the end of summer, the band had sold 10,000 copies of the EP. This attracted the attention of Fearless Records, who would sign the band in late August. The group went on tour from September to November, before the EP was reissued by Fearless.  - A U.S. state is a constituent political entity of the United States of America. There are 50 states, which are bound together in a union with each other. Each state holds administrative jurisdiction over a defined geographic territory, and shares its sovereignty with the United States federal government. Due to the shared sovereignty between each state and the federal government, Americans are citizens of both the federal republic and of the state in which they reside. State citizenship and residency are flexible, and no government approval is required to move between states, except for persons covered by certain types of court orders (e.g., paroled convicts and children of divorced spouses who are sharing custody).  - "Head on Collision" is the second single from New Found Glory's third studio album, "Sticks and Stones" (2002). The single peaked at number 28 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart.  - Post-hardcore is a punk rock music genre that derives from hardcore punk, maintaining hardcore's aggression and intensity, but emphasizes a greater degree of creative expression initially inspired by post-punk and noise rock. Like post-punk, the term has been applied to a broad constellation of groups. The genre took shape in the mid to late 1980s with releases by bands from cities that had established hardcore scenes, such as Fugazi from Washington, D.C. as well as groups such as Big Black and Jawbox that stuck closer to post-hardcore's noise rock roots.  - Love Drunk is the second studio album recorded by rock/pop band Boys Like Girls. The album was recorded half in New York City and Vancouver because there are "two different producers/production teams, two different environments, and two different styles of inspiration", stated by the band's frontman, Martin Johnson. The album peaked at #8 on "Billboard" 200, making it the biggest hit for the band. Its lead single, titled "Love Drunk" was released on July 7, 2009 shortly followed by "She's Got a Boyfriend Now", "Two Is Better Than One" (featuring Taylor Swift) and "Heart Heart Heartbreak".  - Fearless Records is a record label that was founded in 1994. Fearless is based in Culver City, California, and are best known for their early pop punk moments captured in the "Fearless Flush Sampler" and "Punk Bites" releases, as well as additional releases by bands such as Bigwig and Dynamite Boy, and later Sugarcult, Plain White T's, The Aquabats, Amely and post-hardcore releases by At the Drive-In and Anatomy of a Ghost. However, the label has experimented with different styles in recent years. Acts like Blessthefall, The Word Alive, Motionless in White, Ice Nine Kills, Mayday Parade, Pierce The Veil, Tonight Alive and The Color Morale have showcased post-hardcore, metalcore and alternative rock bands that have emerged in recent years. Fearless Records' releases are currently distributed nationwide by RED Distribution, but after Concord Music Group take-over, they'll be distributed by Universal Music Group.  - All Time Low is an American rock band from Towson, Maryland, a suburb of Baltimore, formed in 2003. The band currently consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Alex Gaskarth, lead guitarist and backing vocalist Jack Barakat, bassist and backing vocalist Zack Merrick and drummer Rian Dawson. The band's name is taken from lyrics in the song "Head on Collision" by New Found Glory. The band consistently tours year-long, has headlined numerous tours, and has appeared at music festivals including Warped Tour, Reading and Leeds and Soundwave.  - Lead guitar is a guitar part which plays melody lines, instrumental fill passages, guitar solos, and occasionally, some riffs within a song structure. The lead is the featured guitar, which usually plays single-note-based lines or double-stops. In rock, heavy metal, blues, jazz, punk, fusion, some pop, and other music styles, lead guitar lines are usually supported by a second guitarist who plays rhythm guitar, which consists of accompaniment chords and riffs.  - The Aquabats are an American rock band formed in Orange County, California in 1994. Throughout many fluctuations in the group's line-up, singer The MC Bat Commander and bassist Crash McLarson have remained the band's two constant fixtures. Since 2006, The Aquabats' members also include keyboardist Jimmy the Robot, drummer Ricky Fitness and guitarist Eagle "Bones" Falconhawk.  - Marysville is a city in St. Clair County of the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 9,959 at the 2010 census. The municipality was founded in 1919, first as a village, then became a city in 1924.  - Mayday Parade is an American rock band from Tallahassee, Florida. Their debut EP "Tales Told by Dead Friends" was released in 2006, and sold over 50,000 copies without any label support. In July 2007, Mayday Parade released their debut album "A Lesson in Romantics". After signing to Fearless in 2006, the band also signed onto a major label with Atlantic in 2009. Their second studio album, "Anywhere but Here" was released in October 2009 and their third album, entitled "Mayday Parade", was released in October 2011. Mayday Parade's fourth album, titled "Monsters in the Closet", was released in October 2013. Their fifth album, titled "Black Lines", was released October 2015.  - A census is the procedure of systematically acquiring and recording information about the members of a given population. It is a regularly occurring and official count of a particular population. The term is used mostly in connection with national population and housing censuses; other common censuses include agriculture, business, and traffic censuses. The United Nations defines the essential features of population and housing censuses as "individual enumeration, universality within a defined territory, simultaneity and defined periodicity", and recommends that population censuses be taken at least every 10 years. United Nations recommendations also cover census topics to be collected, official definitions, classifications and other useful information to co-ordinate international practice.  - Pierce the Veil is an American rock band from San Diego, California. Formed in 2006, the band was founded by brothers Vic and Mike Fuentes after the disbandment of the group Before Today (formerly Early Times), which was formed out of the San Diego punk rock scene. Other members of the band include Jaime Preciado (bass) and Tony Perry (lead guitar). Pierce the Veil has released three studio albums and has toured worldwide since the release of their debut album, "A Flair for the Dramatic" in 2007. The band released their second full-length studio album, titled "Selfish Machines" in 2010. Their third album, "Collide with the Sky", was released in 2012, and is their first album under the Fearless Records label. Featuring the hit first single "King for a Day", the album debuted at No. 12 on the "Billboard 200". Their fourth and latest album, "Misadventures", was released on May 13, 2016.  - Dynamite Boy was a pop punk band from Austin, Texas. They comprised Sean Neil, Dusty Kohn, Adrian Munoz and Sam Rich. Allegedly, they disbanded in 2005 after a ten-year career, however due to recent posts on the band's MySpace this is unsure. They have been reuniting for one-off shows between 2006 and 2008.  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Anatomy of a Ghost was an American emo/screamo band from Portland, Oregon, some of whose members originally hailed from Alaska.  - Good Charlotte is an American pop punk band from Waldorf, Maryland, that formed in 1996. Since 1998, the band's constant members have been lead vocalist Joel Madden, lead guitarist and backing vocalist Benji Madden, bassist Paul Thomas, rhythm guitarist and keyboardist Billy Martin, while drummer Dean Butterworth has been a member of the band since 2005. After a 4-year-long hiatus, the band announced its comeback on November 3, 2015. The band has released six studio albums: "Good Charlotte" (2000), "The Young and the Hopeless" (2002), "The Chronicles of Life and Death" (2004), "Good Morning Revival" (2007), "Cardiology" (2010) and "Youth Authority" (2016), as well as two compilations: "Greatest Remixes" (2008) and "Greatest Hits" (2010).  - A record label or record company is a brand or trademark associated with the marketing of music recordings and music videos. Often, a record label is also a publishing company that manages such brands and trademarks, coordinates the production, manufacture, distribution, marketing, promotion, and enforcement of copyright for sound recordings and music videos; conducts talent scouting and development of new artists ("artists and repertoire" or "A&R"); and maintains contracts with recording artists and their managers. The term "record label" derives from the circular label in the center of a vinyl record which prominently displays the manufacturer's name, along with other information.  - Plain White T's (read as "plain white tees") is an American pop punk band from Lombard, Illinois, formed in 1997 by high school friends Tom Higgenson, Dave Tirio, and Ken Fletcher. They were joined a short time later by Steve Mast. The group had a mostly underground following in Chicago basements, clubs and bars in its early years.  - RED Distribution, LLC (formerly Relativity Entertainment Distribution) is a Sony Music Entertainment-owned sales and marketing division that handles releases for more than sixty independent record labels. It is also home to 'stache media, a marketing and brand partnership agency based in New York City.  - New Found Glory (formerly A New Found Glory) is an American rock band from Coral Springs, Florida, formed in 1997. The band currently consists of Jordan Pundik (lead vocals), Chad Gilbert (lead guitar, backing vocals), Ian Grushka (bass guitar) and Cyrus Bolooki (drums). Longtime rhythm guitarist and lyricist Steve Klein departed from the band in late 2013, following "personal differences." During their lengthy recording career, the band have released eight studio albums, one live album, two EPs, and three cover albums.  - Punk rock (or simply "punk") is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid 1970s in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as "proto-punk" music, punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands typically use short or fast-paced songs, with hard-edged melodies and singing styles, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produce recordings and distribute them through informal channels.  - The Soundtrack of Your Summer Tour was a tour that was co-headlined by Good Charlotte, and pop-rock band, Boys Like Girls. The Soundtrack of Your Summer Tour included guest bands such as Metro Station and The Maine on selected dates. The tour consisted of 39 dates in the United States and two in Canada. The name of the tour came from a line in the Boys Like Girls song, "Thunder".  - Pop punk (also known as punk-pop) is a punk rock music genre and a fusion genre that combines elements of punk rock with elements of pop music. Pop punk typically combines fast punk rock tempos, power chord changes and loud, distorted electric guitars with pop-influenced melodies and lyrical themes.  - Pop rock is rock music with a lighter, smoother approach that is more reminiscent of commercial pop music. Originating in the 1950s as an alternative to rock and roll, early pop rock was influenced by the beat, arrangements, and style of rock and roll (and sometimes doo wop), but placed a greater emphasis on professional songwriting and recording craft. The detractors of pop rock often deride it as a slick, commercial product, less authentic than rock music.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'every avenue' exhibits the relationship of 'genre'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - agriculture  - album  - alternative rock  - basic  - crust punk  - diy  - dramatic  - emo  - entertainment  - fusion  - garage rock  - genre  - ghost  - government  - grindcore  - hardcore punk  - information  - instrumental  - jazz  - love  - march  - marketing  - metalcore  - music  - musical  - pop  - pop punk  - popular music  - punk rock  - rhythm  - rock  - screamo  - song  - soundtrack  - united states of america  - youth
Answer: