Article:

More than 1,200 Silicon Valley workers from tech companies including Facebook, Apple and Google plan to protest President Donald Trump on Pi Day , the celebration of the mathematical constant that occurs every March 14th. 
  
 One of the main rallies is being organized by Tech Stands Up, a grassroots movement "giving a voice to the rapidly growing concerns about the current policies affecting the tech community and its users," according to its Facebook event page . Similar Trump protests are being organized in Los Angeles and Austin, USA Today reports . 
  
 "Are you a tech worker or tech user that is upset that our leaders are mysteriously quiet about Donald Trump? On March 14th, Pi day, let's show our tech leaders that they can not have their cake and eat it too," the Tech Stand Up Facebook page reads. 
  
 "We are calling for all workers of companies that have either supported Trump, sat back and said nothing, or have been too worried about their stock price to say anything to walk out at 12 p.m. on March 14th," the page added. "We have to force the hand of these extremely powerful individuals to stand up publicly for what is right." ||||| Happy Pi Day! While math nerds may have March 14 — 3/14 — circled on their calendars for the annual celebration of that quantity with an infinite number of decimal digits, it's a day of deals that everyone can enjoy. 
  
 Recently Pi Day has become a fun way for companies to promote deep discounts on products from pies to PCs. Pi is the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter, but on March 14, the mathematical symbol is more of a sign for savings. 
  
 Check out the list below for some fun Pi Day deals and treats. 
  
 Pi Day deals: Pizzas and pies 
  
 &pizza;: If you're in Washington, D.C., Philadelphia or Baltimore, you can get married at &pizza; on Pi Day, when the shops are turned into a Vegas-style wedding chapels. The East Coast eateries are taking applications and a limited number of walk-ins. The best part: It's free. 
  
 Blaze Pizza: For $3.14, get any pizza at any of its 180 locations nationwide. 
  
 Bojangles: Get three sweet potato pies for $3.14. 
  
 Boston Market: Free chicken pot pie with the purchase of an individual meal and drink. 
  
 Domino's: Choose two select items for $5.99 each or get a large three-topping carry-out pizza for $7.99. 
  
 10Below: The first 314 people in line at 10Below Ice Cream in New York City will get a limited-edition pie-infused ice cream creation. 
  
 Papa John’s: Enjoy any two-topping large or pan pizza pie for $9.99. 
  
 Pi Pizza: This simple pizza joint serves up deals on wings, beer, pizza and merchandise on March 13 and 14. 
  
 Pieology: The California-based pizza chain is offering custom pies with unlimited toppings for $3.14 on Pi Day. Just sign up on its Pi Day site before you go. 
  
 Pizza Hut: Get a large two-topping pizza for just $7.99 during the month of March. Online orders only. 
  
 Hungry Howie's: Get a medium one-topping pizza for $3.14 with the purchase of Howie bread. Valid at most locations across the U.S. except in Florida. 
  
 Stevi B's Pizza Buffet: The unlimited pizza buffet is $3.14 at its 30 locations. The buffet normally costs $7.99. 
  
 Villa Italian Kitchen: Full-size cheese pizzas are $3.14 with a coupon. 
  
 Whole Foods: Today the grocery store chain has an all-day sale on — you guessed it — pies. Get $3.14 off all large bakery pies and all large take-and-bake pizzas. 
  
 Your Pie: Pizzas and pints of craft beer are just $3.14 each at nearly 40 locations in 14 states. 
  
 Nonfood deals 
  
 Zazzle: Save 14 percent with coupon code 314159265358. 
  
 Half.com: "The Life of Pi" is 95 percent off. 
  
 ThinkGeek: Receive a free Pi Day T-shirt when you buy $31.41 worth of items. Use the coupon code PIOUS. 
  
 Check out local deals and events in your city for more offers on Pi Day, and on the East Coast, be sure to check with businesses to see if deals are still available despite the snowstorm. ||||| Making Pies For Pi Day: Think Inside The Circle 
  
 Claire O'Neill/NPR 
  
 Editor's note: A version of this story was published in March 2011. 
  
 Get ready to roll out some dough, because it's almost Pi Day. 
  
 What's that, you ask? Think back to geometry class. Pi represents the ratio of a circle's circumference (the distance around the circle) to its diameter (the distance across it). In mathematics, it's been represented by the Greek letter "π" since the 1700s. 
  
 For the math challenged, think of something that's round. Might I suggest ... pie? It's the perfect example because, in addition to being round, it's pronounced the same way as pi. And you can even use pies to calculate Pi, more or less, as this video shows: 
  
 YouTube 
  
 Now, it's been a long time since I sat in math class and learned about pi. Here's what I remember: The value of pi is about 3.14159. (The value of pie, on the other hand, is, of course, deliciousness.) Pi is often shortened further to 3.14, but it actually goes on forever. 
  
 Some genius grasped the idea before I did and started Pi Day — which, of course, is celebrated with pie. 
  
 But when to celebrate it? Well, the number 3.14, in terms of the calendar, translates to the third month and the 14th day — which means March 14. It's been further suggested that 1:59 is the perfect time to celebrate, reflecting a few more places after the decimal. 
  
 toggle caption Doreen McCallister/NPR 
  
 While I'm still a little bummed that I didn't come up with Pi Day, I have jumped on this holiday bandwagon. There are mathematics competitions, pi jewelry-making lessons and — no surprise here — pie-eating contests. I even participated one year in a Pi Fun Run. (And by "participate," I mean I walked; apparently pie isn't the breakfast of champions.) 
  
 Businesses that promote math, science and technology offer promotional Pi Day discounts. You can buy pi pie plates and clever pi T-shirts. 
  
 With all of those marketers on board, it's just a matter of time before we all — not just math enthusiasts — celebrate the day. I choose to believe that Pi Day is just overshadowed by St. Patrick's Day. I mean, come on — if you can count clover leaves, you can slice up a pie without any problem. Yes, pie — if not pi — really is easy. 
  
 Don't believe me? Try it out for yourself with some of my favorite recipes below — including one that elevates mincemeat pie to the 10th power. 
  
 Doreen McCallister is a senior editor for NPR. For more than 24 years, she's been keeping her NPR colleagues guessing about her baking experiments. Prod her on the secret ingredient in her extra-moist, scrumptious baked goods, and you're liable to get an answer like mayonnaise, tomato soup or even Velveeta. Even when she brings something "normal" to work, everyone demands to know: "What's in it? No, really — what's in it?" Whatever the secret, it's always delicious. ||||| NASA's fourth annual Pi Day Challenge asks participants to propose solutions to problems about Martian craters, the size of the moon's shadow, a Saturn orbit and distant exoplanets. Credit: NASA 
  
 NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is celebrating Pi Day (March 14) with a set of four math problems — featuring Martian craters, distant exoplanets, Saturn orbits and eclipses — to be understood with the number pi. 
  
 The mathematical constant pi — the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter — comes out to 3.14159… and so on. As such, the crucial constant is celebrated on March 14, or 3/14. For the fourth year in a row, NASA set up a series of math problems using pi to demonstrate the mathematical constant's importance to calculations to engineering and understanding space. 
  
 The problems, aimed at the sixth grade through high school level ("but fun for all," NASA officials wrote), ask students to evaluate a Martian impact crater; a total solar eclipse, like the one that will cross America on Aug. 21; the final orbits and "grand finale dive" of the Saturn orbiter Cassini; and the newly discovered planets around the star TRAPPIST-1. 
  
 NASA also highlighted the ways pi is important in the everyday work of NASA researchers. 
  
 "In my career, pi has allowed me to calculate the size of a shield needed to enter the atmosphere of Venus and the size of a parachute that could safely land the Curiosity rover on the surface of Mars," said Anita Sengupta, an engineer at JPL. "Most recently, we used pi in our calculations of the expanding atom cloud we will create for an experiment called the Cold Atom Laboratory, which will fly aboard the International Space Station." 
  
 So while you feast on pie or see how many digits of the number you can recite (you can share your stories with NASA here) — and look out for potential Pi Day astronaut tweets — take a moment to try a challenge or two and reflect on the number's usefulness. 
  
 Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow her @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. ||||| For almost 30 years, math enthusiasts have been taking part in festivities on March 14 to honor an infinitely long number beginning with 3.14 – the ratio of a circle’s circumference to its diameter, otherwise known as pi. 
  
 The first official Pi Day was March 14, 1988, when physicist Larry Shaw led staff and visitors to San Francisco’s Exploratorium in a celebration of all things pi-related. Since then, it has been celebrated across the globe, with universities, conferences and even pizzerias honoring the day. 
  
 To mark Pi Day, here are four findings about math and education in the United States: 
  
 1 Americans rank math as one of the most important skills children need today to get ahead. In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey, respondents were asked, “Regardless of whether or not you think these skills are good to have, which ones do you think are most important for children to get ahead in the world today?” Roughly eight-in-ten U.S. adults (79%) said math is one of the most important skills needed for youth to get ahead. That placed math on par with teamwork, but slightly lower than communication and reading. 
  
 2 Despite a recent dip in scores, U.S. students are more proficient in math than they were two decades ago. Four-in-ten fourth-graders and 33% of eighth-graders scored as “proficient” or “advanced” in math in 2015, according to a report released by the National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP) last fall. By comparison, only 13% of fourth-graders and 15% of eighth-graders were rated at or above proficient in 1990. However, math scores have declined since the previous assessment in 2013, representing the first drop in proficiency in 25 years. 
  
 3 Math is popular among many students, with close to half describing it as one of their favorite subjects. Nearly half of eighth-grade students in the U.S. strongly agree (21%) or agree (26%) with the statement, “Math is one of my favorite subjects,” according to a Pew Research Center analysis of NAEP data. Even more students say they like math in general, with 64% of eighth-graders agreeing with this statement. Most students also describe math as something fun and a subject that they would not like to give up, though only 13% say this strongly describes their views. 
  
 4 More degrees are being awarded in mathematics and statistics. Of the 1.9 million bachelor’s degrees awarded in the U.S. in 2014-2015, about 22,000 were earned in mathematics and statistics, according to data from the Department of Education’s Digest of Education Statistics. Although this represents a small sliver of degrees conferred overall, the number of degrees awarded in mathematics and statistics has risen nearly 30% since 2010-2011. By comparison, the number of overall degrees awarded grew 10% during this time. 
  
 Why does it matter? 
  
 Mathematics and statistics degrees are helpful in a wide range of jobs across government, research institutions and industries such as finance, insurance, biotechnology, computing and others. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment of mathematicians in the U.S. is projected to grow 21 percent from 2014 to 2024, much faster than the average for all occupations. 
  
 Topics: Science and Innovation, Technology Adoption, Education, Work and Employment ||||| We may be celebrating Pi Day here at io9, but we would be irrational to deny that there’s more to mathematical interestingness than simply dividing an object’s circumference by its diameter. Here are seven numbers we love as much as pi. 
  
 1. 1 
  
 1 may be the loneliest number, but it’s the littlest number that could — the first non-zero integer that displays remarkable properties of self-reliance. Aside from being the first whole number, it is its own square, cube, and factorial. It’s also very stubborn; when you raise 1 to any power — even a number as high as a googolplex (1 followed by 10 to the 100th power, or 10^(10^100)) — you still get 1. It's the first and second number in the Fibonacci sequence. It is neither a composite number, nor a prime number (mathematicians rejected this idea because it complicates fundamental theorems of arithmetic). It is, however, a unit (like -1). And it’s the only positive number that’s divisible by exactly one positive number. 
  
 2. i 
  
 Any number that doesn’t actually exist, but is still useful, has to be considered cool. Also called the imaginary unit, i is the square root of -1 (i2 = -1). This number cannot exist because no number multiplied by itself can equal a negative number. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 At first, imaginary numbers were considered useless (an imaginary number is a number that, when squared, gives a negative result; e.g. 5i = -25). But by the Enlightenment Era, thinkers began to demonstrate its value in math and geometry, including Leonhard Euler, Carl Gauss, and Caspar Wessel (who used it when working with complex planes). They’re useful in that they can be used to find the square root of a real negative number. 
  
 Today, i is used in signal processing, control theory, electromagnetism, fluid dynamics, quantum mechanics, cartography, and vibration analysis. The figure j is often substituted in these fields, which is used to represent the electric field current. The imaginary number also appears in several formulas, including the Euler Identity. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 As an aside, Isaac Asimov’s short story “The Imaginary” (1942) featured the eccentric psychologist Tan Porus who explained the behavior of a mysterious species of squid by using imaginary numbers in the equations which describe its psychology. 
  
 3. Graham's Number 
  
 Simply put, this is the largest useful (i.e. non-arbitrary) number known to mathematicians. But it’s an astoundingly large number. Named after Ronald Graham, it’s the upper bound to a certain question that involves Ramsey Theory (a branch of math that studies the conditions under which order must appear). Consequently, it’s the biggest number used for a serious mathematical proof. 
  
 This number’s “root” arises from the extreme addition, multiplication, and powering of threes. It’s subsequently a very big power of three, and the number itself is considerably larger than a googolplex. In fact, Graham’s number is so mindboggingly huge that it cannot be expressed using conventional notation of powers, and even powers of powers. It’s so large, that if all the material in the universe were turned into pen and ink it would not be enough to write the number down. Consequently, mathematicians use a special notation devised by Donald Knuth to express it. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 It’s so big that it’s physically impossible for our brains to comprehend. AI theorist Eliezer Yudkowsky put it this way: 
  
 Graham's number is far beyond my ability to grasp. I can describe it, but I cannot properly appreciate it...My sense of awe when I first encountered this number was beyond words. It was the sense of looking upon something so much larger than the world inside my head that my conception of the Universe was shattered and rebuilt to fit. All theologians should face a number like that, so they can properly appreciate what they invoke by talking about the "infinite" intelligence of God. 
  
 Interestingly, if not ironically, the lower bound to the Ramsey problem that gave birth to that number — rather than the upper bound — is probably six. Note: A reader alerted me to this study, which suggests a lower bound raised to 11, and then to 13. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 4. 0 
  
 The number 0 is totally taken for granted, which, when considering that it represents nothing, is somewhat understandable. But it does serve some important functions, including as an empty place-value in our decimal number system. How else, for example, could we express the year 1906 in the decimal system without it? 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Sure, the universe starts to melt when you try to divide by it, but 0 can serve some important roles in equations, including those that involve addition, multiplication, and subtraction. Numbers can also be raised by the power 0, which will always produce the value of 1. And if you raise 0 to power of anything, you still get 0. But, if try to do 0^0, math goes all squirrely again and the answer becomes basically anything (an “indeterminate form”). 
  
 Lastly, the sum of 0 numbers is 0, but the product of 0 numbers is 1. And 0 is neither positive, nor negative. It’s not a prime number, and it’s not a unit — but it is an even number. 
  
 5. e 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Yes, there’s a number called ‘e’, but it’s also known as Euler’s Number. Like pi, it’s an important mathematical constant, an irrational number that goes like this: 2.71828182845904523536... 
  
 Named after Leonhard Euler (1707-1783), it’s the base of John Napier’s Natural Logarithms — the logarithm to the base e, where e is an irrational and non-algebraic number (what’s called a transcendental constant, much like pi). Some people refer to it as the natural base. Euler devised the following formula to calculate e: 
  
 e= 1+ 1/1 + 1/2 + 1/(2 x 3) + 1/(2 x 3 x 4) + 1/(2 x 3 x 4 x 5) + . . . (alternately: 1 + 1/1 + 1/2! + 1/3! + 1/4! + 1/5!) 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Mathematicians have calculated e to over a trillion digits of accuracy. 
  
 Euler's interest in e came about when calculating continuously compounded interest on a sum of money. And in fact, the limit for compounding interest can be expressed by the constant e. So, if you invest $1 at an interest rate of 100% per year, and the interest is compounded continuously, you will have $2.71828 (or so) at the end of the year. 
  
 e also shows up in probability theory and the Bernoulli trials process (which is helpful for calculating things like probabilities in gambling). Other applications include derangements (the so-called hat-check problem), asymptotics (when describing limiting behavior, a useful concept in computer science), and calculus. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 6. Tau 
  
 Tau is simply 2pi, or the constant that is equal to the ratio of a circle’s circumference to its radius. Thus, tau is written out like 6.283185... 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Tau is the 19th letter of the Greek alphabet and was chosen as the symbol for 2pi by Michael Hartl, a physicist, mathematician, and author of "The Tau Manifesto," along with Peter Harremoës, a Danish information theorist (who knew math could get so political?). 
  
 Tau is considered by some to be more useful than pi for measuring circles because mathematicians tend to use radians instead of degrees. According to Kevin Houston from the University of Leeds, the most compelling argument for tau is that it is a much more natural number to use in the fields of math involving circles, like geometry, trigonometry and even advanced calculus. 
  
 What this means, of course, is that Tau Day should be celebrated on June 28 (6/28). 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 7. Phi (φ) 
  
 Also called the Golden Number, Phi (rhymes with "fly") is an important mathematical figure that’s written out as 1.6180339887... 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Unlike pi, which is a transcendental number, phi is the solution to a quadratic equation. But like pi, phi is a ratio that’s defined by geometric construction. Two quantities fit within the golden ratio if the ratio of the sum of the quantities to the larger quantity is equal to the ratio of the larger quantity to the smaller one. Because of its unique properties, phi is used in math, art, and architecture. The Greeks discovered it as the dividing line in the extreme and mean ratio, and for Renaissance artists it represented the Divine Proportion. 
  
 Phi also has interesting equivalent ratios when the number one is introduced, like φ:1 is equal to φ+1:φ, or 1:φ-1. Also, two successive fibonacci numbers, when divided, produce a number close to phi. The further through the series, the more accurate (or detailed) phi becomes. 
  
 Special thanks to Calvin Dvorsky for helping me with this article! 
  
 Top image: Sashkin/Shutterstock. |||||
What is a summary?