Article:
President Obama remarks on the situation with admitted NSA leaker Edward Snowden, saying he has no plans to disrupt relations with Russia and China, nor to scramble jets to capture the "29-year-old hacker." 
  
 President Obama said he should not have to speak personally with the leaders of Russia and China regarding self-professed NSA leaker Edward Snowden, and said he was “not going to be scrambling jets to get a 29-year-old hacker” during a press conference in Senegal on Thursday. 
  
 The president was on the first leg of a trip to Africa when he struck the seemingly dismissive tone regarding the former defense contractor who claimed to have leaked details of two top-secret government data-gathering programs before initiating an international manhunt that has grown to involve the governments of China, Ecuador, and Russia. 
  
 Obama said that the revelations first published in British newspaper The Guardian and The Washington Post – and the ensuing search for Snowden, who has been charged with theft of government property and two offenses of espionage statutes – have the makings of a big-screen spy caper, but that he would not engage in “wheeling and dealing and trading and a whole host of other issues, simply to get a guy extradited so he can face the justice system here in the United States.” 
  
 Snowden, 30, is believed to still be hiding at a Moscow airport awaiting a ruling on his request for asylum from the government of Ecuador. Snowden flew to Russia from Hong Kong over the weekend but has not been seen since his arrival. Russian officials told Reuters that he remains in a transit area at Sheremetyevo airport. 
  
 He was not aboard an Aeroflot flight that departed Moscow to Havana on Thursday, the first stop on an anticipated escape route to the South American country. 
  
 “Now I get why it’s a fascinating story from a press perspective and I’m sure there will be a made-for-TV movie somewhere down the line,” Obama said, adding that “in terms of U.S. interests, the damage was done with respect to the initial leaks.” 
  
 Dolores Ochoa / AP A man reads a newspaper with the Spanish headline "Snowden stuck at Moscow airport" in Quito, Ecuador, on Wednesday. 
  
 Snowden’s case resolved “some pretty significant vulnerabilities” at the National Security Agency, Obama said. Snowden worked for defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton before being fired, and said in an interview with the South China Morning Post that he took the job to gain access to sensitive information. NBC News could not independently verify the report. 
  
 “There have been some useful conversations that have taken place between the United States government and the Russian government,” Obama said. “And my continued expectation is that Russia – there are other countries that have talked about potentially providing Mr. Snowden asylum – recognize that they are part of an international community and that they should be abiding by international law.” 
  
 The U.S. is worried that Snowden might have other documents in his possession that he may “dribble out,” Obama said. 
  
 “I continue to be concerned about the other documents that he may have. That’s part of the reason why we’d like to have Mr. Snowden in custody,” Obama said. “But what I think we’re going to continue to do is make sure that we are following the various channels that are well established and the rules that are well established to get this thing done.” 
  
 Ecuador’s communications minister said on Thursday that his country renounced hundreds of millions of dollars in trade tariff benefits, the Associated Press reported. Communications Minister Fernando Alvarez said the trade benefits being considered for renewal by U.S. lawmakers had become an “instrument of blackmail” as the country considered granting asylum to Snowden. 
  
 Ecuador “does not accept threats from anybody, and does not trade in principles, or submit to mercantile interests, as important as they may be,” Alvarez said, according to the AP. 
  
 In Washington, the head of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has threatened to lead the effort to remove preferential trade treatment for Ecuadorian goods if the country decides to offer asylum to Snowden. 
  
 "Edward Snowden is a fugitive who has endangered the national security of the United States," Sen. Robert Menendez said in a statement released late on Wednesday. "Trade preferences are a privilege granted to nations, not a right. I urge [Ecuadorean] President Correa to do the right thing by the United States and Ecuador, and deny Snowden's request for asylum." 
  
 Hours later, U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman told reporters the administration had accepted an industry petition to consider revoking Ecuador's benefits under the Generalized System of Preferences program. That petition actually pre-dates current tension between the two countries over Snowden. 
  
 In 2012, Ecuador exported some $5.4 billion worth of oil, $166 million of cut flowers, $122 million of fruits and vegetables and $80 million of tuna to the United States. 
  
 Menendez said he would lead efforts to stop the renewal of Ecuador's duty-free access to America markets under the Generalized System of Preferences program, which expires on July 31. He also said he'd try and block renewal of the Andean Trade Promotion and Drug Eradication Act, which also expires at the end of July. 
  
 The ongoing incident has also heightened tensions with China, as the country’s defense minister said that the U.S. Internet monitoring program revealed in documents leaked by Snowden “has revealed the concerned country’s true face and hypocritical behavior.” Defense ministry spokesman Yang Yujun did not explicitly name the United States in his comments, Reuters reported. 
  
 Also on Thursday, a government official in Switzerland said the country still has questions about Snowden's time working in Geneva as a CIA operative, Reuters reported. Swiss Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter said they received a "diplomatic" response from the U.S. to questions about Snowden's time in the country from 2007 and 2009, but "have decided to discuss these points further in the future with the Americans." 
  
 NBC News' Ghazi Balkiz and Reuters contributed to this report. 
  
 Related: 
  
 This story was originally published on ||||| His remarks on Mr. Snowden’s case followed similarly toned-down language by his aides on the severity of the problem, reflecting efforts by the administration to smooth relations with Russia and China. Earlier in the day, China’s Defense Ministry accused the administration of hypocrisy, using Mr. Snowden’s disclosures about American surveillance abroad as evidence that China is a victim, not a perpetrator, of cyberspying and hacking. 
  
 Mr. Snowden’s disclosures have embarrassed the administration and raised debate about the government’s invasion of privacy. Mr. Snowden and his supporters, including WikiLeaks, the anti-secrecy group, have called him a whistle-blower and a hero. Federal prosecutors have charged him with violating espionage laws, and some American legislators have called him a traitor. 
  
 Ecuador, which is protecting Julian Assange, the WikiLeaks founder, at its London embassy, has confirmed that Mr. Snowden has requested asylum and has suggested that his human rights could be violated if he were returned to the United States. But Ecuador, which had said it could take months to evaluate the asylum request, suggested Thursday that all the attention focused on its decision was misplaced. 
  
 Photo 
  
 “Mr. Snowden is not in Ecuadorean territory and to process an asylum request that is what is required,” the country’s president, Rafael Correa, said during a news conference on Thursday in Quevedo, in western Ecuador. “We received the asylum request, we have studied it and that is precisely the first conclusion, that to process it to finally approve it or deny it he must be in Ecuadorean territory.” 
  
 Asked if he had considered bringing Mr. Snowden to Ecuador or to one of his country’s embassies, he said, “No.” 
  
 Mr. Correa also disputed assertions made earlier in the week by Mr. Assange and others that Mr. Snowden had been given travel documents by Ecuador that assured him safe passage to the country. 
  
 “The government has not authorized any safe-conduct or refugee permit for Mr. Snowden,” Mr. Correa said. Referring to a safe-conduct document that appeared to have been issued by Ecuador’s embassy in London, he said that if it turned out to be authentic, “whoever issued it is totally without authority.” 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Saying they would not bow to threats, officials in Ecuador also announced that they were unilaterally renouncing preferential trade privileges given to the country by the United States. Those privileges, which apply to Ecuadorean exports worth hundreds of millions of dollars, were to expire at the end of July, and were unlikely to be renewed by Congress because of the strained relationship between the two countries. Senator Robert Menendez, Democrat of New Jersey and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, warned Ecuador on Wednesday that its “trade preferences could be revoked” if it granted Mr. Snowden’s asylum request. 
  
 Photo 
  
 Russian officials have said they consider Mr. Snowden a free man and have hinted that they were pressuring him to leave. President Vladimir V. Putin said Tuesday that “the sooner he chooses his final destination, the better for us and for him.” 
  
 Whether he is feeling pressure to leave is unclear: a Russian immigration official close to the situation said that Mr. Snowden was entitled to stay in the airport as long as he wanted, even though he has not asked for a Russian visa or received one. 
  
 An extended stay in Russia would seem to narrow Mr. Snowden’s options, allowing American officials to dangle carrots and sticks before countries like Ecuador and Venezuela that are considering granting him asylum. 
  
 A buzz of suspense surrounded Flight 150 to Havana on Thursday at Sheremetyevo airport in Moscow, with expectations that Mr. Snowden would be a passenger. 
  
 But no unusual security measures were visible as passengers boarded the flight, with two dozen reporters and photographers pressed against the terminal window as the plane backed away from the gate. Journalists from Reuters and ABC, who had booked tickets in hopes of interviewing Mr. Snowden, said it appeared that he was not on board. ||||| How Snowden was identified as Ars user TheTrueHOOHA 
  
 June 5, 2013 
  
 The Guardian and The Washington Post begin publishing top secret leaked NSA documents. 
  
 June 9 
  
 Edward Snowden reveals he's the leaker. 
  
 June 12, early afternoon 
  
 Reuters publishes a profile indicating that Snowden used to use the online username "The True HOOHA." 
  
 June 12, afternoon 
  
 Anthony DeRosa publishes an article noting that hundreds of posts were written on Ars Technica forums by a user named TheTrueHOOHA, with many biographical details that line up with Snowden. 
  
 June 12, Later afernoon 
  
 Business Insider and Buzzfeed both publish articles confirming that TheTrueHOOHA is Snowden, noting that he published photos of himself on Ars and elsewhere. 
  
 June 12, 8:33pm EST 
  
 Ars Technica reviews Snowden posts and publishes an article about Snowden's "life on Ars." 
  
 June 13-21 
  
 NY Times, LA Times, Washington Post, many others write about Snowden's activity on Ars. 
  
  
  
 Ed Snowden was 23 years old when he moved to Geneva in 2007. Soon after arriving, he was looking for a taste of home. 
  
 It wasn't that he was unhappy. Snowden's life was becoming the adventure he'd been looking for. Moving to Switzerland hadn't been his first choice—his dream picks were in Asia and Australia—but it certainly wasn't bad. Hired by the CIA and granted a diplomatic cover, he was a regular old IT guy whose life was elevated by a hint of international intrigue. 
  
 Snowden would soon move into a four-bedroom apartment covered by the agency. He'd blow off parking tickets, citing diplomatic immunity. He'd travel the continent. He befriended an Estonian rock star ("the funniest part is he's a SUPER NERD"), raced motorcycles in Italy, took in the Muslim call to prayer from his Sarajevo hotel room, and formed opinions about the food and the women in Bosnia, in Romania, in Spain. 
  
 But as his first spring dawned in Switzerland, it must have felt cold, foreign, and expensive. Two days after his arrival in Switzerland, Snowden logged onto #arsificial, a channel on Ars Technica's public Internet Relay Chat (IRC) server. He'd been frequenting this space for a few months, chatting with whomever happened to be hanging out. 
  
 < TheTrueHOOHA> You guys can't say I look gay anymore. < User1> you look gay < TheTrueHOOHA> not anymore. I'm living in switzerland. i'm the straightest looking man inthe country < User2> rolpix < TheTrueHOOHA> as soon as my camera makes it here. :P < TheTrueHOOHA> you guys wouldn't believe how expensive shit is here, either < TheTrueHOOHA> you can't get tap water in restaraunts < User2> some examples, please < TheTrueHOOHA> they make you buy it in bottles < TheTrueHOOHA> glass bottles. 5 bucks a pop < User2> you buy the tap water? < TheTrueHOOHA> hamburgers are $15 
  
 The $15 hamburgers weren't even as good as McDonald's; they tasted "like greasy cardboard." Everything was written in French and measured in meters ("God I hate metric," wrote Snowden. "Why can't they use real numbers over here?"). The food packages had "kilojoules" listed on them. ("I'm not a battery!") Europeans couldn't even play movies right. ("They put an intermission in 300.") 
  
 Snowden logged on to the public IRC chat room with the same username he used across the Web: TheTrueHOOHA. The chat room was a place he would return to on dozens of occasions over his years in Switzerland, and his writings fill in details about the man who may go down as the most famous leaker in US history. Over the years that he hung out in #arsificial, Snowden went from being a fairly insulated American to being a man of the world. He would wax philosophical about money, politics, and in one notable exchange, about his uncompromising views about government leakers. 
  
 Four years later, Snowden took a job with a government contractor for the specific purpose of gathering secret information on domestic spying being done by the National Security Agency (NSA). In May, he hopped a plane to Hong Kong before the NSA knew where he was going. Once there, Snowden began a process of leaking top-secret documents to journalists. Snowden's first leak confirmed what activists had suspected but couldn't prove: there was a dragnet government surveillance program collecting information on every American's phone calls. 
  
 The chat logs are the most detailed view available into the formation of a man who has been hailed as a hero, and condemned as a traitor by leaders in his own country. In his public statements, Snowden is smooth and uncompromising, radiating intelligence. Snowden has insisted the focus remain on the leaked documents, not him. But he has also kept himself in the spotlight, speaking to three newspapers, doing live Q&As, and dribbling out more documents over time. Intentional or not, Snowden has maximized media attention. He is a Deep Throat for the social media age. Revealing American secrets is not enough; he has applied to be their chief interpreter as well. 
  
 An acerbic user, at home on #arsificial 
  
 IRC isn't Twitter. Much of the talk in chat channels isn't much more elevated than barroom banter, and Snowden's conversations as TheTrueHOOHA are no exception. But his personality and his beliefs do shine through. IRC chats can hold meaningful revelations about public figures, and Ars has used them as a reporting source before. Snowden was the kind of bar buddy willing to get into a political argument and never give up, even if he pissed off the whole room. 
  
 If IRC is a bar, then the #arsificial channel is the back room occupied by drinkers who feel the front is just too stuffy for them. Officially unofficial, #arsificial was created by users who chafed at the moderation in other Ars chatrooms. "This channel is unsupported and has no rules as such," reads an automated message sent to users upon entry. Unlike on other Ars channels, for instance, chatter veering into racism or sexism wouldn't get a user silenced. "Under no circumstances should anyone complain to #mods about conduct in this channel," read the entry message. "Anyone taking any complaint about #arsificial to #mods will receive a ban from #arsificial." 
  
  
  
 It was an online destination Snowden would return to dozens of times over the next four years, often remaining quiet for hours on end before engaging in bursts of dialogue. The chat snippets show a strident personality, and at times, the inchoate ideology of a man who would ultimately take drastic measures to fight government secrecy. In #arsificial, Snowden was frequently someone ready to go to the mat for his beliefs—even when no one was on his side. 
  
 And he could be abrasive. Snowden didn't short stocks just to make money—he did it because it was the right thing to do. He saw himself as a paladin of the markets, bringing "liquidity" to all. As for those who didn't agree with him about the rightness of the gold standard or the need to eliminate Social Security, they weren't just mistaken—they were "retards." 
  
 Four years ago, Snowden presented an image of always being sure of himself, sometimes to the point of seeming arrogant. He often thought he was the smartest guy in the room, and he let others know it. 
  
 The Ars IRC server doesn't log conversations, and there are no official transcripts of any discussions on that server. However, after learning that Snowden appeared to be an Ars user, we received chat logs from multiple longtime users who recalled IRC conversations with the user known as TheTrueHOOHA. That IRC user claimed he was the registered Ars user TheTrueHOOHA, who posted nearly 800 posts in Ars forums, including biographical information and photos that match Snowden. 
  
 Any handle can be adopted in IRC. However, such "identity theft," while theoretically possible, is unheard of. These IRC remarks—like the Ars forum posts—correlate precisely to publicly known facts about Snowden's life. 
  
 Life in Switzerland 
  
 By April, a few months into his Swiss adventure, the chats show that Snowden was warming to the country. "Yeah… It's pretty cool so far," he wrote. "The girls are gorgeous, too. Oh, and prostitution is legal." 
  
 He detailed cultural observations about Switzerland, and his travels elsewhere, to anyone who happened to be in the chat room. "Jesus christ are the swiss rich," he wrote. "The fucking mcdonald's workers make more than I do. They make like 50,000 franc a year." 
  
 < TheTrueHOOHA> the roads are 35 inches wide < TheTrueHOOHA> with 9000 cars on them, two tram tracks, and a bus lane < TheTrueHOOHA> and a bike lane < TheTrueHOOHA> i imagine mirrors get clipped off all the time < TheTrueHOOHA> I'm afraid I'd bump into someone and have to pay for it. < User3> do they have a large immigrant population doing the lower-class work? < TheTrueHOOHA> Yeah.lots of unidentifiable southeast asian people and eastern europeans who don't speak french or english < TheTrueHOOHA> but don't get me wrong -- this place is amazing < TheTrueHOOHA> it's like living in a postcard < User4> TheTrueHOOHA: where are you? .ch? < TheTrueHOOHA> it's just nightmarishly expensive and horrifically classist < TheTrueHOOHA> Yeah. Geneva, Switzerland < User4> wicked! < TheTrueHOOHA> Yeah... it's pretty cool so far 
  
 It was cool, but Snowden was often critical of the Swiss. An average visitor to Switzerland talks about how great the chocolate is; Snowden saw a country of overpaid racists. 
  
 He admired those who managed to survive on the margins of society. In Switzerland, it was the hardscrabble intelligence of the Nigerian refugees that impressed him. "It's that whole necessity thing," he asserted. "Motherfuckers have been there like eight months and speak all three languages. Not counting romansch, which doesn't count. Ever." 
  
 And he kept coming back to #arsificial to share his adventures and observations. 
  
 < TheTrueHOOHA> everybody hates gypsies apparently < User5> what's there not to hate about gypsies < TheTrueHOOHA> poor gypsies < User6> Gypsies are the niggers of Europe. If not worse. < User6> I honestly don't have anything against them... But everyone has such a kneejerk hateful reaction to them < TheTrueHOOHA> yeah, i see that ALL the time in switz. < TheTrueHOOHA> like, some crime happens ANYWHERE < TheTrueHOOHA> immediately "those goddamned gypsies!" < User6> [User5]: like I said, I didn't have much experience with them, besides seeing them dirty, begging on the streets. < TheTrueHOOHA> "it wasn't a gypsy" < TheTrueHOOHA> "oh, it must be those fucking muslims!" "no? then those goddamned africans!" < TheTrueHOOHA> i have never, EVER seen a people more racist than the swiss 
  
 jesus god they look down on EVERYONE. even each other. < TheTrueHOOHA> you know who i liked? < TheTrueHOOHA> the italians. man. friendly people. fucking crazy, but good people. |||||Summary: