Write a summary based on this article:

Washington (CNN) Senate Republicans launched their effort to repeal and replace President Barack Obama's landmark healthcare law early Thursday morning, approving a budget blueprint that they've dubbed the Obamacare "repeal resolution." 
  
 The Senate voted 51-48 along party lines for the measure, which relies on the same budget process used seven years ago to approve the landmark healthcare law to now attempt to dismantle it. 
  
 "This resolution will set the stage for true legislative relief from Obamacare that Americans have long demanded while ensuring a stable transition," Senate Budget Chairman Mike Enzi of Wyoming said, just after 1 a.m. "The Obamacare bridge is collapsing and we're sending in a rescue team." 
  
 Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, one of the most vocal GOP opponents of voting on a repeal bill before coming up with a replacement package, voted against the budget resolution and California Sen. Dianne Feinstein was absent. 
  
 Senators were bleary-eyed as they walked quickly to the exits, wrapping up the final vote a little before 1:30 a.m. ET. 
  
 Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, the top Democrat who led the late-night fight against a repeal, said the protest could be a sign of things to come as the fight stretches on. 
  
 "I think it's important for this country to know this was not a usual thing, this is a day which lays the groundwork for 30 million people to be thrown off their health insurance," Sanders said. "And if that happens, many of these people will die." 
  
 JUST WATCHED How Sanders plans to deal with Obamacare Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How Sanders plans to deal with Obamacare 02:30 
  
 "We wanted to say no matter how late, we're going to stay and fight and represent our constituents -- there are so many constituencies who will be hurt by this repeal without a replace," said New York Sen. Chuck Schumer. 
  
 Democratic senators registered a somewhat subtle, but significant protest in the Senate as they cast their votes -- declaring why they were voting against the repeal, a rare move that rankled Republicans in the chamber. 
  
 The House is expected take a swift vote on the resolution, possibly as early as Friday, which will trigger congressional committees to begin crafting a second bill that would roll back major parts of Obamacare. Though it will be weeks before Congress votes on that bill, Thursday still marked a victory for the Republican Party as it moves toward overhauling the country's healthcare system. 
  
 President-elect Donald Trump congratulated the Senate for its actions Thursday. 
  
 "Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House!" he tweeted. 
  
 Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 12, 2017 
  
 "Vote-a-rama" 
  
 Before Thursday's vote, a political spectacle known as "vote-a-rama" unfolded on the Senate floor. 
  
 The largely symbolic exercise -- which began Wednesday evening and stretched into wee hours of Thursday -- was ripe for theater. However, the tone was largely subdued, missing some of the fire of voting marathons in previous years. 
  
 Democrats still used the late-night drill to publicly defend the Affordable Care Act and chastise their colleagues across the aisle for starting the process of overhauling a law that gives health insurance to some 20 million Americans. Republicans, meanwhile, stressed the harmful impact of the law and the urgent need to do away with it. 
  
 Senators introduced more than 160 amendments to the budget resolution, which led to a marathon session of impassioned speeches and roll call votes. Although these votes were non-binding and the budget resolution doesn't require the president's signature, the process helped crystallize the Democratic Party's top priorities as it looks to defend the major pillars of Obamacare. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Years of President Obama defending Obamacare Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Years of President Obama defending Obamacare 02:00 
  
 The most important amendments for Democrats were aimed at preserving what they argue are popular provisions of Obamacare. 
  
 Democratic Sen. Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin pressed a measure to allow young adults to stay on their parents insurance until age 26. "It will block Republican efforts that would weaken dependent coverage," Baldwin said in a brief but forceful floor speech before the vote. 
  
 But Republicans -- many of whom have expressed interest in maintaining the provision when they eventually replace Obamacare -- nevertheless blocked the Baldwin amendment, arguing it wasn't applicable to the underlying budget resolution. 
  
 Democrats also sought to protect measures dealing with pre-existing conditions and reproductive healthcare services for women. 
  
 Divided but some common ground 
  
 At times, the evening also showed that Republicans and Democrats share some common goals -- even if the two political parties are bitterly divided on the merits of Obamacare. 
  
 Earlier in the night, West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin, a moderate Democrat who has called on Republicans to work in a bipartisan fashion on repealing and replacing Obamacare, emphasized the importance of preserving coverage for patients in rural areas. 
  
 No matter what happens to Obamacare, Manchin said: "We are going to make sure that we protect our rural hospitals and rural clinics." 
  
 But on the same topic, Republican Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming argued that it was because of Obamacare that rural hospitals have shuttered. 
  
 "For people in small towns -- the closures that we've already experienced, these closures have had a devastating impact," Barrasso said. 
  
 Trump has ratcheted up the pressure this week, calling on his party to act as quickly as possible. Perhaps more significantly, Trump is adamant that Republicans vote on repealing and replacing Obamacare more or less at the same time. This is a significant divergence from the party's initial thinking that it would first vote on repeal before considering replacement options. 
  
 Trump's plan 
  
 In a news conference in Wednesday, Trump told reporters that a plan will be unveiled soon after his nominee for Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, is confirmed. A Georgia congressman, Price is an ardent Obamacare critic and has previously introduced detailed legislation to repeal and replace the law. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Trump's HHS pick hates Obamacare Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump's HHS pick hates Obamacare 01:51 
  
 "We're going to be submitting -- as soon as our secretary's approved, almost simultaneously, shortly thereafter, a plan. It'll be repeal and replace. It will be essentially simultaneously," Trump said. "Probably the same day, could be the same hour." 
  
 Trump appeared to be suggesting that the plan would come from his administration, but a transition spokesman told CNN that he couldn't confirm whether that was Trump's intention. 
  
 Even as Republicans advanced the plan to roll back Obamacare, plans to replace were still being formulated. To that end, a small group of relatively moderate Republican senators -- including Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker and Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski -- initially pushed a change that would give senators until March to develop a plan to replace Obamacare. But the senators dropped that push as it became clear Wednesday that Republican leaders were moving toward replacing Obamacare as they repeal it. 
  
 Vice President-elect Mike Pence met with senators at the Capitol Wednesday. As he exited his meeting with Pence, Manchin said that the incoming VP promised a draft replacement for Obamacare would be available in 30-60 days. 
  
 Republicans on the Hill do not yet have a plan for replacing Obamacare, and are considering a series of possible legislative paths to replace what they vote to repeal. 
  
 It's also not clear that one comprehensive "replacement" bill will ultimately emerge from GOP lawmakers -- in fact, senior leaders are currently weighing the option of incremental replacement bills. 
  
 For example, they are exploring whether replacement measures could be inserted into the "repeal" reconciliation bill, which Republicans hope to vote on by late February or March. Leaders are also looking into whether any replacement or healthcare reform measures could be inserted into reauthorization bills that Congress is expected to take up later this year. ||||| On Wednesday, Mr. Trump said he would offer his own plan to repeal and replace the law “essentially simultaneously.” He said he would put forth the plan as soon as his nominee for secretary of health and human services, Representative Tom Price, Republican of Georgia, is confirmed. 
  
 The Affordable Care Act has become ingrained in the American health care system, and unwinding it will be a formidable challenge for Republicans. More than 20 million people have gained coverage under the law, though premiums have risen sharply in many states and some insurers have fled the law’s health exchanges. 
  
 The budget blueprint instructs House and Senate committees to come up with repeal legislation by Jan. 27. 
  
 Senator Bob Corker, Republican of Tennessee, and four other Republicans had sought to extend that deadline by five weeks, to March 3. But late Wednesday night, Mr. Corker withdrew an amendment that would have changed the date. 
  
 “We understand that everyone here understands the importance of doing it right,” he said. He described the Jan. 27 date in the budget blueprint as a placeholder. 
  
 Senator Rob Portman of Ohio, another Republican who sought to delay the deadline, said: “This date is not a date that is set in stone. In fact, it is the earliest we could do it. But it could take longer, and we believe that it might.” 
  
 The House was planning to take up the budget blueprint once the Senate approved it, though some House Republicans have expressed discomfort with voting on the blueprint this week because of lingering questions over how and when the health care law would be replaced. ||||| Trump’s Obamacare impatience challenges GOP A quick repeal and replace of Obamacare on the scale the president-elect outlined is complex and arduous. 
  
 Donald Trump on Wednesday called for a quick and nearly simultaneous repeal and replacement of Obamacare — a task that's technically almost impossible. 
  
 Republicans can repeal much of the law on a party line vote under fast-track budget rules. But replacement require at least a handful of Senate Democrats to help dismantle President Barack Obama's historic achievement that's covering 20 million Americans. And the Republicans have to agree among themselves on a specific detailed bill, an agreement that has so far been elusive. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 Republican leadership aides were quick to say after Trump's news conference that they're all on the same page, even though they had earlier planned for a swift vote on repeal (although delayed until sometime in the future) and then an extended debate over the replacement. 
  
 But a quick repeal and replace of Obamacare on the scale the president-elect outlined is complex and arduous — and politically rife for accusations that Republicans are recklessly repealing a law with scant time for debate. 
  
 On top of that, Trump indicated that his administration would introduce its own health care plan — which could either speed up the process of coalescing around a bill or drive a wedge between the Hill and the new White House. Trump didn't spell out what his plan would include. 
  
 “We're going to be submitting as soon as our secretary is approved, almost simultaneously, shortly thereafter, a plan,” Trump said in his first press conference since July. “It will be repeal and replace. It will be various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the same week, but probably the same day. Could be the same hour.” 
  
 His chosen HHS secretary, Rep. Tom Price, hasn't had his confirmation hearing yet. The Senate Finance Committee hasn't even scheduled it. Price testifies before the Senate HELP committee next Wednesday, but Finance is the one that votes on the nomination. 
  
 The GOP currently has several different health bills and plans, and though they have some common features, lawmakers have not yet rallied around one. It's possible that Trump's proposal could be the impetus for the GOP to coalesce, said a lawmaker who didn’t want to be named. But it's not a guarantee. 
  
 Price himself is the author of one of the more detailed proposals on the Hill. It's a conservative, market-oriented plan unlikely to win over Democrats. 
  
 “Our new secretary of HHS has had a plan in his pocket now for the last three years," said Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.), who is acting as a liaison between Trump and the Hill. "If they did present an actual specific plan, that would be a much easier starting point than taking six plans or no plan and trying to start with that. … I think that would speed the process up incredibly.” 
  
 “Everyone wants to say the Republicans don’t have a plan,” said Rep. Buddy Carter (R-Ga.) “The problem is we have too many plans, and we’ve got to coalesce around one, and we’re going to.” 
  
 Trump hasn't given details of his vision for a new health law, but he has stressed such ideas as allowing people to buy insurance across state lines. He didn't say — and wasn't asked — at the news conference how long it should take to transition from Obamacare to the new plan. Many Hill Republicans have called for a two- or three-year transition. 
  
 If Republicans pursue the simultaneous repeal and replace plan, a repeal vote is unlikely to happen for at least several weeks — later than Republicans outlined as recently as a few weeks ago. 
  
 The idea of a Trump health care plan took some Republican lawmakers by surprise. 
  
 “I would welcome a plan from anybody,” said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). “I would consider any plan.” 
  
 John Cornyn (R-Texas), the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, suggested that the Hill is talking with Trump officials on the idea. 
  
 “There is already consultation with the incoming administration,” he said, calling for quick confirmation of Price “so we can interact officially. Right now, given the confirmation process, its more back channel.” 
  
 Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) is skeptical that even Trump can move legislation quite as fast as he wants. 
  
 “He needs to call [Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell,” he said with a laugh when asked if Trump’s timeline is plausible. ||||| The Senate took a first step toward repealing ObamaCare and fulfilling a long-time campaign pledge in the early morning hours Thursday. 
  
 Senators voted 51-48 to pass a budget resolution that is being used as a vehicle for rolling back the Affordable Care Act, with the House expected to vote on Friday. 
  
 Meanwhile, Paul said in a statement after the vote that while he supports nixing ObamaCare, "putting nearly $10 trillion more in debt on the American people’s backs through a budget that never balances is not the way to get there." 
  
 "Up to 30 million Americans will lose their healthcare, with many thousands dying as a result," he said. "Because when you have no health insurance and you can't go to a doctor or a hospital, you die." 
  
 Instead, Democrats rose one by one from their seats on the Senate floor in protest to state why they were voting against the resolution. 
  
 Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) voted against the budget resolution because it didn’t balance, while no Democrat supported the repeal rules. 
  
 Republicans needed a simple majority of votes to clear the repeal rules, instructing committees to begin drafting repeal legislation, through the upper chamber, with the vote falling largely along party lines. 
  
 Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), who had surgery to install a pacemaker, missed the "vote-a-rama" session that began Wednesday evening. 
  
 Lawmakers were able to use the hourslong voting debate to force a vote on any amendment to the budget resolution. Some 180 amendments were filed. 
  
 The late-night passage of the budget resolution comes despite deep divisions on when and how to replace ObamaCare, which were on full display. Lawmakers spent more than six hours on the Senate floor and voted on more than 19 amendments, none of which were successfully added to the resolution. 
  
 But Republicans managed to avoid what was expected to be the top fight of the night, when a group of five GOP senators dropped their push to delay the ObamaCare repeal legislation. 
  
 Lawmakers had wanted to push the deadline for committee repeal proposals from Jan. 27 to March, which they argued was needed to give lawmakers extra time to lock down details on a replacement bill and work with the incoming Trump administration about next steps. 
  
 Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), one of the Republicans backing the amendment, said the decision was a result of a "very thoughtful discussions" within Republicans and recognizing that the Jan. 27 date is a "placeholder." 
  
 Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) added that "we have assurances from leadership that this date is not a date that is set in stone." 
  
 But Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn John CornynSenate agrees to last-ditch talks, but no clear path over shutdown House-passed stopgap measure in Senate limbo The Hill's 12:30 Report — Latest as shutdown looms | Trump says Dems to blame | Senate GOP rejects calls to go 'nuclear' | Ginsburg undergoes lung surgery MORE (R-Texas) had warned that pushing back the date could create a "jam" on the Senate floor with GOP lawmakers wanting to tackle an ambitious agenda in President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpSchumer, Pelosi: Trump got 'what he wanted' with shutdown Trump has discussed firing Fed chief after latest interest rate hike: report LeBron James accuses NFL team owners of being 'old white men' with 'slave mentality' MORE's first 100 days. 
  
 Republicans are also facing larger divisions among GOP members and the incoming Trump administration on when to replace ObamaCare. 
  
 Trump said during a press conference on Wednesday that repeal and replace legislation would occur near simultaneously if not at the same time. 
  
 “It'll be repeal and replace. It will be essentially, simultaneously. It will be various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the same week, but probably, the same day, could be the same hour,” he said. 
  
 But Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) — who was mocked by Trump during his press conference — told reporters that the president-elect “needs to call [Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell because that's not where we're headed.” 
  
 McConnell (R-Ky.) has repeatedly sidestepped being tied down on the details of repealing and replacing ObamaCare and didn't take a position on the GOP amendment earlier this week. 
  
 He said Wednesday that after Senate passage they can send the budget resolution "to the House and begin taking the next steps to finally move away from ObamaCare while we move ahead with smarter healthcare policies." 
  
 Most of Wednesday night’s action came from Democrats, who used the vote-a-rama to take votes on healthcare and entitlement programs, forcing Republicans to go on the record on a number of key issues. 
  
 Democrats are warning that if Republicans break ObamaCare, they will own any political backlash and roil the insurance market. 
  
 Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) appealed to Republicans earlier Wednesday, urging them to back down from the healthcare fight. 
  
 "If Republicans go forward with this plan, they may mollify their base, but they will ostracize and hurt the American people, and ultimately lose in the court of public opinion," he said. 
  
 Democrats forced votes on a myriad of non-binding amendments aimed at blocking legislation that would "make America sick again," a new Democratic slogan on the GOP plan to repeal ObamaCare without a replacement. 
  
 One, from Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.), would have made it harder to pass legislation that would “make young people sick again” and allow young adults to stay on their parents' healthcare coverage until they turn 26, one of the more popular provisions of the Affordable Care Act. 
  
 Another, from Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), would have cracked down on legislation that would make "women sick again" by decreasing access to preventative healthcare, birth control and maternity care. 
  
 But Republicans defeated each of the amendments. Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) broke ranks from her party and supported Baldwin's amendment. 
  
 The Senate also defeated a pair of competing amendments on importing prescription drugs. 
  
 Sanders tried to use Trump to win over Republicans for his amendment to allow drugs to be imported from Canada. 
  
 "Let's be clear about it today: Mr. Trump, a guy I don't quote very often, has said that pharma gets away with murder. That's what Trump said. He is right," Sanders said ahead of the votes on the amendments. "The time has come for us to stand up to the drug companies." 
  
 But ultimately 13 Democrats voted against the Sanders proposal, while 12 Republicans voted for it. 
  
 It wasn't all business as senators powered through the more than six-hour session. 
  
 Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) also tweeted out observations from the Senate floor throughout the session, including comparing discussion between lawmakers as "ailment one upsmanship." |||||