Please answer the following question: Information:  - Alison Folland (born August 10, 1978) is an American actress.  - Gus Green Van Sant, Jr. (born July 24, 1952) is an American film director, screenwriter, painter, photographer, musician and author who has earned acclaim as both an independent and more mainstream filmmaker. His films typically deal with themes of marginalized subcultures, in particular homosexuality; as such, Van Sant is considered one of the most prominent auteurs of the New Queer Cinema movement.  - Caleb Casey McGuire Affleck (born August 12, 1975) is an American actor and director. He began his career as a child actor, appearing in the PBS television movie "Lemon Sky" (1988) and the ABC miniseries "The Kennedys of Massachusetts" (1990). He later appeared in three Gus Van Sant films - "To Die For" (1995), "Good Will Hunting" (1997), and "Gerry" (2002) - and in Steven Soderbergh's comedy heist trilogy "Ocean's Eleven" (2001), "Ocean's Twelve" (2004) and "Ocean's Thirteen" (2007). His first leading role was as a depressed writer in Steve Buscemi's independent comedy-drama "Lonesome Jim" (2006).  - Daphne Joyce Maynard (born November 5, 1953) is an American novelist and journalist. She received much attention from the press with the publication of her 1998 memoir "At Home in the World", in which she wrote that she had lived with the writer J. D. Salinger when he was 53 and she was 18.  - The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States. With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States. Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term "New York minute". Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.  - Ice dancing is a discipline of figure skating that draws from ballroom dancing. It joined the World Figure Skating Championships in 1952, and became a Winter Olympic Games medal sport in 1976.  - To Die For is a 1995 American crime comedy-drama film, made in a mockumentary format, directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry, based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard, which in turn was based on the factual story of Pamela Smart. It stars Nicole Kidman, Matt Dillon, and Joaquin Phoenix. Major supporting roles feature Illeana Douglas, Wayne Knight, Casey Affleck, Kurtwood Smith, Dan Hedaya, and Alison Folland. Kidman was nominated for a BAFTA and won a Golden Globe Award and a Best Actress Award at the 1st Empire Awards for her performance. Her character has been described as suffering from narcissistic personality disorder in the scientific journal "BMC Psychiatry".  - The Antoinette Perry Award for Excellence in Theatre, more commonly known as the Tony Award, recognizes achievement in live Broadway theatre. The awards are presented by the American Theatre Wing and The Broadway League at an annual ceremony in New York City. The awards are given for Broadway productions and performances, and an award is given for regional theatre. Several discretionary non-competitive awards are also given, including a Special Tony Award, the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, and the Isabelle Stevenson Award. The awards are named after Antoinette "Tony" Perry, co-founder of the American Theatre Wing.  - Figure skates are a type of ice skate used by figure skaters. The skates consist of a "boot" and a "blade" that is attached with screws to the sole of the boot. Inexpensive sets for recreational skaters are available, but most figure skaters purchase boots and blades separately and have the blades mounted by a professional skate technician.  - Pamela Ann Smart (née Wojas) (born August 16, 1967) is an American criminal convicted of conspiring with her 15-year-old lover, William "Billy" Flynn, and three of his friends to kill her 24-year-old husband, Greggory Smart, on May 1, 1990, in Derry, New Hampshire. She was later convicted of being an accomplice to first-degree murder, conspiracy to commit murder, and witness tampering. She is currently serving a life sentence at Bedford Hills Correctional Facility for Women, a maximum security prison in Westchester County, New York.  - The major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada are the highest professional competitions of team sports in the United States and Canada. The four leagues universally included in the definition are Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Basketball Association (NBA), the National Football League (NFL), and the National Hockey League (NHL). Other prominent leagues include Major League Soccer (MLS) and the Canadian Football League (CFL).  - Guinness World Records, known from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous U.S. editions as The Guinness Book of World Records, is a reference book published annually, listing world records and national records, both of human achievements and the extremes of the natural world. The book itself holds a world record, as the best-selling copyrighted book of all time. As of the 2017 edition, it is now in its 63rd year of publication, published in 100 countries and 23 languages. The international franchise has extended beyond print to include television series and museums. The popularity of the franchise has resulted in "Guinness World Records" becoming the primary international authority on the cataloguing and verification of a huge number of world records; the organisation employs official record adjudicators authorised to verify the authenticity of the setting and breaking of records.  - Wayne Elliot Knight (born August 7, 1955) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is known for playing Newman in the TV sitcom "Seinfeld" (19921998) and Officer Don Orville in "3rd Rock from the Sun" (1996-2001). His other roles include Stan Podolak in "Space Jam" (1996), Al McWhiggin in "Toy Story 2" (1999), Tantor in "Tarzan" (1999), Zack Mallozzi in "Rat Race" (2001), Dojo in Xiaolin Showdown (20032006), Mr. Blik in "Catscratch" (20052007) and Haskell Lutz in "The Exes" (20112015).  - A mockumentary (a portmanteau of mock and documentary) or docucomedy is a type of movie or television show depicting fictional events but presented as a documentary.  - The Bishop's Wife, also known as Cary and the Bishop's Wife, is a Samuel Goldwyn romantic comedy feature film from 1947, starring Cary Grant, Loretta Young, and David Niven in a story about an angel who helps a bishop with his problems. The film was adapted by Leonardo Bercovici and Robert E. Sherwood from the 1928 novel of the same name by Robert Nathan, and was directed by Henry Koster.  - Henry Zuckerman, credited as Buck Henry (born December 9, 1930), is an American actor, writer, film director, and television director. He has been nominated for an Academy Award twice, in 1968 for Best Adapted Screenplay for "The Graduate" and in 1979 for Best Director for "Heaven Can Wait".  - Figure skating is a sport in which individuals, duos, or groups perform on figure skates on ice. It was the first winter sport included in the Olympics, in 1908. The four Olympic disciplines are men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Non-Olympic disciplines include synchronized skating and four skating. From novice through senior-level competition, skaters generally perform two programs (short and long) which, depending on the discipline, may include spins, jumps, moves in the field, lifts, throw jumps, death spirals, and other elements or moves.  - A remake is a film or television series that is based on an earlier work and tells the same story.  - Pair skating is a figure skating discipline. International Skating Union (ISU) regulations describe pair teams as consisting of "one lady and one man." The sport is distinguished from ice dancing and single skating by elements unique to pair skating, including overhead lifts, twist lifts, death spirals, and throw jumps. Pair teams also perform the elements of single skating in unison. The discipline requires similar technique and timing on all elements of the performance in order to create an impression of "two skating as one". Serious skating accidents are most common in pairs.  - The National Hockey League (NHL) is a professional ice hockey league currently composed of 31 member clubs. Of the 30 clubs currently playing, 23 are in the United States and 7 in Canada. Headquartered in New York City, the NHL is considered to be the premier professional ice hockey league in the world, and one of the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada. The Stanley Cup, the oldest professional sports trophy in North America, is awarded annually to the league playoff champion at the end of each season.  - The Ice Theatre of New York is a professional figure skating group that performs modern dance choreography on ice. It was founded in 1984 by Moira North, and is currently based at the Chelsea Piers rink complex in New York City. David Liu was appointed Co-Artistic Director for the 2007-2008 season. The company's former directors included Doug Webster and Judy Blumberg.  - The Academy Awards, or "Oscars", is an annual American awards ceremony hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements in the United States film industry as assessed by the Academy's voting membership. The various category winners are awarded a copy of a statuette, officially called the Academy Award of Merit, which has become commonly known by its nickname "Oscar." The awards, first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, are overseen by AMPAS.  - Illeana Hesselberg, most commonly known as Illeana Douglas, (born July 25, 1965) is an American actress, director, screenwriter, and producer. Douglas has had a long-ranging diverse career as a character actor with a specialty in comedy. Notable works include work in a 2001 episode of "Six Feet Under"  for which she received a Primetime Emmy nomination as Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series and won the Best Guest Actress in a Drama Series award from OFTA, the Online Film & Television Association  and her work in the TV series "Action" opposite Jay Mohr  for which she won a Satellite Award for Best Actress  Television Series Musical or Comedy. She can currently be seen on Turner Classic Movies where she hosts specials focused on unheralded women directors from film history.  - Nicole Mary Kidman, AC (born 20 June 1967) is an Australian actress and film producer. Kidman's breakthrough roles were in the 1989 feature film thriller "Dead Calm" and television thriller miniseries "Bangkok Hilton". Appearing in several films in the early 1990s, she came to worldwide recognition for her performances in the stock-car racing film "Days of Thunder" (1990), the romance-drama "Far and Away" (1992), and the hero film "Batman Forever" (1995). Other successful films followed in the late 1990s. Her performance in the musical "Moulin Rouge!" (2001) earned her a second Golden Globe Award for Best Actress  Motion Picture Comedy or Musical and her first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. Kidman's performance as Virginia Woolf in the drama film "The Hours" (2002) received critical acclaim and earned her the Academy Award for Best Actress, the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture  Drama and the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the Berlin International Film Festival.  - "How Will I Know" is a 1986 song recorded by American recording artist Whitney Houston for her eponymous debut album, which was released in February 1985. It was released by Arista Records in November that year, as the album's third single. Composed by George Merrill and Shannon Rubicam, the song was originally intended for Janet Jackson, but she passed on it. Houston then recorded the song with altered lyrics and production from Narada Michael Walden. The lyrics speak about the protagonist trying to discern if a boy she likes will ever like her back.  - Comedy-drama, occasionally known as dramedy (portmanteau of words drama and comedy), is a subgenre in contemporary forms of tragicomedy, especially in television, that combines elements of comedy and drama.  - Carole Penny Marshall (born October 15, 1943) is an American actress, director, and producer. In 1975, after playing several supporting roles on television, Marshall was cast as Laverne DeFazio for a guest appearance on the sitcom "Happy Days". Her performance was well received, prompting a spin-off sitcom, "Laverne & Shirley". Marshall reprised the DeFazio role for the show's entire run from 1976 until 1983. She was nominated for a Golden Globe award for her performance three times.  - Kurtwood Larson Smith (born July 3, 1943) is an American television and film actor. He is known for playing Clarence Boddicker in "RoboCop" (1987) and Red Forman in "That '70s Show", as well as for his many appearances in science fiction films and television programs ("Star Trek", "The X-Files"). He also starred in the seventh season of "24".  - Moira North is the founder and artistic director of the Ice Theatre of New York , a theatrical figure skating company . For her work with this organization , in 1998 and 2003 she was selected as one of the `` 25 Most Influential Names in Figure Skating '' by International Figure Skating Magazine . North has choreographed for film and skating productions in addition to her work for Ice Theatre . Her credits include teaching actress Illeana Douglas to skate for her role in the film To Die For , teaching and choreographing a skating scene in the film The Preacher 's Wife with Whitney Houston and Denzel Washington , choreographing five productions of Montreal Fashions on Ice for the Québec Delegation at Rockefeller Plaza and choreographing the opening ceremonies for both the National Hockey League All - Star Game and World Cup Hockey . She also served as creative consultant for Arts & Entertainment 's Winter Solstice on Ice , a 1999 holiday season television special . In 1984 , North and partner Patrick Dean won the ice dance competition at the World Professional Figure Skating Championships in Jaca , Spain , performing a piece choreographed by Marc Bogaerts that was the Ice Theatre 's first work .  - Daniel G. "Dan" Hedaya (born July 24, 1940) is an American character actor. He often plays sleazy villains or uptight, wisecracking individuals; four of his best-known roles are as Italian Mafia boss Tony Costello in "Wise Guys", a cuckolded husband in the Coen brothers' crime thriller "Blood Simple", Carla Tortelli's ex-husband Nick on the sitcom "Cheers", and Tom Hanks's boss in "Joe Versus the Volcano". He also played Mel Horowitz, the father of Cherilyn "Cher" Horowitz, played by Alicia Silverstone, in the classic film "Clueless".  - MTV (originally an initialism of Music Television) is an American cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Media Networks (a division of Viacom) and headquartered in New York City. Launched on August 1, 1981, the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as "video jockeys" (VJs). In its early years, MTV's main target demographic was young adults, but today it is primarily towards teenagers, high school students and college students. MTV has toned down its music video programming significantly in recent years, and its programming now consists mainly of original reality, comedy and drama programming and some off-network syndicated programs and films, with limited music video programming in off-peak time periods. It has received criticism towards this change of focus, both by certain segments of its audience and musicians. MTV's influence on its audience, including issues involving censorship and social activism, has also been a subject of debate for several years.  - The Preacher's Wife is a 1996 American romantic comedy family film directed by Penny Marshall, and starring Denzel Washington, Whitney Houston, and Courtney B. Vance. It is a remake of the 1947 film "The Bishop's Wife".  - Jon Ferguson Cox "Jay" Mohr (born Jon Ferguson Mohr; August 23, 1970) is an American actor, comedian and radio host. He is known for his role as Professor Rick Payne in the TV series "Ghost Whisperer" (20062008), the title role in the CBS sitcom "Gary Unmarried" (20082010), as a featured cast member on the sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Live" (19931995) and the back-stabbing sports agent Bob Sugar in "Jerry Maguire" (1996). Since making his cinema debut with "Jerry Maguire", he has appeared in many more high-profile films, including "Picture Perfect" (1997), "Paulie" (1998), "Small Soldiers" (1998), "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" (2002), "Are We There Yet?" (2005), "Street Kings" (2008), "Hereafter" (2010) and "The Incredible Burt Wonderstone" (2013).  - Whitney Elizabeth Houston (August 9, 1963  February 11, 2012) was an American singer, actress, producer, and model. In 2009, "Guinness World Records" cited her as the most awarded female act of all time. Houston is one of pop music's best-selling music artists of all-time, with an estimated 170200 million records sold worldwide. She released seven studio albums and two soundtrack albums, all of which have diamond, multi-platinum, platinum or gold certification. Houston's crossover appeal on the popular music charts, as well as her prominence on MTV, starting with her video for "How Will I Know", influenced several African American women artists who follow in her footsteps.  - Golden Globe Awards are accolades bestowed by the 93 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, recognizing excellence in film and television, both domestic and foreign.  - Turner Classic Movies (TCM) is an American movie-oriented basic cable and satellite television network owned by the Turner Broadcasting System subsidiary of Time Warner. TCM is headquartered at the Techwood Campus in Atlanta, Georgia's Midtown business district.  - The Stanley Cup is the championship trophy awarded annually to the National Hockey League (NHL) playoff winner. Originally commissioned in 1892 as the "Dominion Hockey Challenge Cup", the trophy is named for Lord Stanley of Preston, thenGovernor General of Canada, who awarded it to Canada's top-ranking amateur ice hockey club, which the entire Stanley family supported, with the sons and daughters playing and promoting the game. The first Cup was awarded in 1893 to Montreal HC, and subsequent winners from 1893 to 1914 were determined by challenge games and league play. Professional teams first became eligible to challenge for the Stanley Cup in 1906. In 1915, the two professional ice hockey organizations, the National Hockey Association (NHA) and the Pacific Coast Hockey Association (PCHA), reached a gentlemen's agreement in which their respective champions would face each other annually for the Stanley Cup. After a series of league mergers and folds, it was established as the "de facto" championship trophy of the NHL in 1926 and then the "de jure" NHL championship prize in 1947.  - Matthew Raymond "Matt" Dillon (born February 18, 1964) is an American actor and film director.   - The Satellite Award for Best Actress in a Television Series  Musical or Comedy is one of the annual Satellite Awards given by the International Press Academy.  - Joaquín Rafael Phoenix (born Joaquín Rafael Bottom; October 28, 1974), known formerly as Leaf Phoenix, is an American actor, producer, music video director, musician and activist. For his work as an artist, Phoenix has received a Grammy Award, a Golden Globe Award and three Academy Award nominations.  - David Liu (Traditional Chinese:  , pinyin: liú zhng dá, born August 12, 1965) is a Taiwanese former competitive figure skater. He won silver medals at the 1991 Piruetten and 1992 Grand Prix International St. Gervais. He represented Taiwan at three Olympics, reaching the free skate at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, where he finished 17th.  - Denzel Hayes Washington Jr. (born December 28, 1954) is an American actor, director, and producer. He has received three Golden Globe awards, a Tony Award, and two Academy Awards: Best Supporting Actor for the historical war drama film "Glory" (1989) and Best Actor for his role as a corrupt cop in the crime thriller "Training Day" (2001).  - Courtney Bernard Vance (born March 12, 1960) is an American actor. He is notable for his roles in the feature films "Hamburger Hill" and "The Hunt for Red October," the television series "", in which he played Assistant District Attorney Ron Carver, and , in which he played Johnnie Cochran. For the latter, he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie. He guest starred on the TNT series "The Closer" as Chief Tommy Delk from 201011. In 2013 he won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his role in "Lucky Guy".  - Judith Ann "Judy" Blumberg (born September 13, 1957) is an American former competitive ice dancer. With Michael Seibert, she is a three-time World bronze medalist (198385), the 1980 Skate Canada International champion, the 1981 Skate America champion, and a five-time U.S. national champion (198185).    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'occupation' with the subject 'moira north'.  Choices: - actor  - actress  - artist  - artistic director  - bishop  - book  - canada  - canadian football  - character actor  - choreography  - comedian  - criminal  - dancer  - director  - district attorney  - entertainment  - fashion  - figure skater  - film director  - film producer  - founder  - game  - governor  - hero  - hotel  - ice dancer  - ice dancing  - journalist  - knight  - major  - member  - model  - music video director  - novelist  - officer  - official  - painter  - preacher  - producer  - programming  - radio  - radio host  - singer  - sports agent  - technician  - television  - voice actor  - writer
Answer: