News article:

Obama Parries With House GOP on Budget, Immigration 
  
 Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call Obama arrives at the Capitol for a meeting with House Republicans on Wednesday, accompanied by House Sergeant-at-Arms Paul Irving. 
  
 President Barack Obama continued his push for a grand bargain, an immigration overhaul and the rest of his agenda in a meeting with House Republicans on Wednesday, but GOP leaders immediately shut the door on any compromises that would include new taxes. 
  
 Obama appealed to Republicans to come to the table on a bipartisan budget package — saying he’s willing to back $2 in spending cuts for every $1 in tax revenue — and he argued that reaching agreement on immigration would benefit them politically. 
  
 But he also told them balancing the budget over the next 10 years is not on his priority list. 
  
 Republicans thanked the president for the rare sojourn to the Capitol and said they hoped that this would start a new dialogue with the president on a range of issues. But many lawmakers said deep suspicions and divisions remain. 
  
 GOP leaders immediately held a news conference where they praised the president’s visiting but reiterated their opposition to his tax demands. 
  
 “If the president wants to let our unwillingness to raise taxes get in the way, then we are not gonna be able to set differences aside and focus on what we agree on,” House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia said. Cantor suggested that there are “low-hanging fruit” among spending cuts that both sides support. 
  
 And Speaker John A. Boehner of Ohio said he’s heard the president before but that it was good for his members to hear it. 
  
 “Republicans want to balance the budget, the president doesn’t. Republicans want to solve our long-term debt problem. The president doesn’t. We want to unlock our energy resources to put more Americans back to work. The president doesn’t. But, having said that, today was a good start, and I hope that these kind of discussions can continue,” he said. 
  
 Obama, members said, talked about areas where he was willing to trim entitlements, including adopting a stingier measure of inflation and means-testing Medicare — but he explicitly tied those proposals to new revenue. Or, in the words of Boehner, he threatened to hold cuts “hostage.” 
  
 “He does not want balance the budget in 10 years and he wants tax increases and he wants new spending, but other than that we are close,” quipped Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif. 
  
 Obama also faced tough questioning on the sequester-related closing of White House public tours — the president pointed the finger at the Secret Service, causing an audible gasp in the audience. 
  
 When the president announced in the middle of the meeting that white smoke had been seen at the Vatican — signifying a new pope — Rep. Billy Long of Missouri seized the occasion. “Billy just blurted out, as Billy does, ‘Does that mean we’ll have tours at the White House?’ and it broke the place up and even the president laughed at that,” Nebraska’s Lee Terry said. Obama reportedly replied that tours of the Vatican were still available. 
  
 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
  
 Disqus ||||| President Barack Obama tangled with House Republicans for more than an hour Wednesday, answering questions on topics ranging from whether the White House spends too much time campaigning to how serious the administration is about slashing the nation’s deficit. 
  
 Republicans focused on political issues — quizzing Obama on why his White House stopped giving tours after the sequester took effect. But the House GOP also delved into policy, where Republicans heard Obama say he doesn’t want to balance the budget in 10 years. That’s the challenge issued by Rep. Paul Ryan in the GOP budget unveiled on Tuesday. 
  
 Text Size - 
  
 + 
  
 reset BTC: Obama's tax problem Paul Ryan questions Obama's 'charm offensive' 
  
 It was the first opportunity House Republicans had in nearly two years to directly confront Obama, a president that many of them were elected by lambasting, and all of them tried to defeat in 2012. 
  
 The exchange — which was serious, but interspersed with a few jokes — allowed the GOP lawmakers to vent on a range of concerns, including the time they think Obama spends campaigning against them. They’re concerned that Obama’s not committed to lowering the deficit and whether the president’s so-called “charm offensive” in reaching out to lawmakers to strike a grand bargain on the deficit is sincere. Obama shook hands and answered private questions after the session, a source said. 
  
 The meeting was part of an aggressive outreach effort by the president to Hill lawmakers to try and find common ground on the deficit. On Tuesday, Obama met with Senate Democrats, and on Thursday, he will meet with Senate Republicans and House Democrats. Obama met with Senate Democrats on the Hill on Tuesday. 
  
 A White House official called the meeting a “good, substantive exchange” and said Obama “enjoyed the conversation.”The aide said that the two parties didn’t need to agree on everything to compromise on some things. 
  
 “The President handled a variety of questions on a range of topics from the members and reinforced his strong desire, especially now that the election is over, to find bipartisan common ground on a range of legislative priorities,” the aide said. 
  
 The president heard from old and new faces. None of the issues that surfaced, though, were a complete surprise. 
  
 Rep. James Lankford (R-Okla.) — the Republican Policy Committee chairman — brought up a familiar hobby-horse for House Republicans: that Obama is always campaigning. 
  
 He asked about Organizing for Action’s (OFA) meeting. He complained that Obama called Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chair Steve Israel (D-N.Y.) before Boehner on election night. Obama said that wasn’t true and that he had called Boehner, but Boehner had gone to sleep, according to a source familiar with the meeting. The speaker said the president was right, the source said. 
  
 Lankford argued that Obama is too focused on defeating House Republicans instead of “saving the next generation” from debt problems. He then mentioned Bill Clinton working successfully to balance the budget and asked if he’d commit to balancing the budget in 10 years, as Ryan’s budget dictates. 
  
 “OFA is organized around issues rather than 2014,” Obama said in a lengthy, 10-minute answer to Lankford, according to a source inside the meeting. ||||| House Republicans peppered President Obama with pointed questions on the budget, White House tours and the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline during an hourlong meeting Wednesday that yielded no major breakthroughs between the two divided parties. 
  
 While the exchanges during Obama’s first meeting in nearly two years with his chief opponents on Capitol Hill were polite, they only underscored the wide ideological gulf between the reelected Democratic president and the Republican House majority. 
  
 “It didn’t change anything at all. He didn’t offer anything new,” said Rep. Tom Latham (R-Iowa), a close ally of Speaker John Boehner John BoehnerTrump’s new weapon? The bully pulpit President-elect Trump: Please drain the student loan swamp GOP leaders face crunch in Trump's first 100 days MORE (R-Ohio). 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 Obama spent a majority of the meeting taking questions from members hand-picked by the Republican leadership. The topics ranged from the nation’s fiscal impasse to immigration, guns, cybersecurity, Israel, Keystone and the cancellation of White House tours due to sequestration spending cuts. 
  
 The president told lawmakers he believed they had “about a nine-month window” to act on major budget priorities like overhauling the tax code, Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.) said. On immigration, Obama spoke in frank political terms and sought to dispel Republican suspicions that he would rather see comprehensive legislation fail so he can use the issue as a hammer on the GOP in 2014. 
  
 A victory on immigration, he told the lawmakers, would help Republicans more than it would help Democrats in 2014. But, Cole quoted Obama as saying, “it needs to happen, and I want to work toward it.” 
  
 In a press conference afterward, Boehner John BoehnerTrump’s new weapon? The bully pulpit President-elect Trump: Please drain the student loan swamp GOP leaders face crunch in Trump's first 100 days MORE thanked the president for coming, and described the meeting in classic Washington vernacular. “I think that we had a very frank and candid exchange of ideas and frankly I think it was productive,” he said. 
  
 Yet when asked what specifically came out of the meeting that was positive, the Speaker referred only to a tone that he called “respectful” and “very good.” 
  
 Boehner, who has often served as a conduit between the White House and his conference, said it was good for Republican lawmakers to hear from the president directly, even if the message was familiar. 
  
 “I heard what the president had to say. I’ve heard it before,” he said. “I thought it was good for all of our members to hear it, so they can have an understanding of where’s he’s coming from. We’ve got big problems in this country that need to be addressed. We’re willing to get them addressed. I hope the president continues his outreach.” 
  
 About the only news that Obama brought to House Republicans, multiple lawmakers said, was the announcement that there was a new pope. While billions outside the closed-door meeting learned through television about the historic selection, House Republicans learned from the president. 
  
 There’s “white smoke at the Vatican. We don’t know a name,” Obama told the members after receiving a message. 
  
 “Does that mean you’ll open up the White House for tours?,” asked Rep. Billy Long (R-Mo.). 
  
 Over the laughter of the attendees, Obama chuckled. “No, but it means they’ll open the Vatican,” he said. 
  
 Leaving the meeting, a smiling Obama spoke briefly of the election of a pope, saying “we look forward to hearing about it.” 
  
 Of the meeting itself, Obama was terse. “It was good. I enjoyed it,” he told reporters. “It was useful.” 
  
 Obama earned a standing ovation from Republicans when he entered the meeting, the second of four sessions the president is having on Capitol Hill this week with House and Senate Republicans and Democrats, and there was only one moment of testiness, according to a number of GOP lawmakers in the room. 
  
 Rep. Candice Miller (R-Mich.), chairwoman of the House Administration Committee, asked why Obama ended the White House tours in light of the sequester, instead of the annual Christmas party or congressional picnic. 
  
 The president pointed blame at the Secret Service, saying they didn’t want to have to furlough staff and opted instead to cut non-essential tasks. 
  
 Members responded with “groans in disbelief,” said one Republican, prompting Obama to caution: “Now, now, let’s be respectful.” 
  
 “In fairness, the president said he’s looking into ways to get school groups in, and that would take less [security personnel] because you could check them in advance,” a separate lawmaker conceded, noting that it takes a lot of Secret Service to check in the dozens of tourists who take tours of the White House. 
  
 The most significant point of contention, however, remained the central impasse that has divided the White House and congressional Republicans for more than two years: the federal budget. 
  
 Under the leadership of Rep. Paul Ryan Paul RyanWhy the GOP shouldn't get too cocky after winning in November Trump eyes House members for Cabinet jobs Trump’s new weapon? The bully pulpit MORE (R-Wis.), House Republicans on Tuesday introduced a budget resolution that eliminates the federal deficit within a decade through steep spending cuts and entitlement reforms. Rep. James Lankford (R-Okla.), asking the first question of Obama, sought a commitment from the president for a 10-year balanced budget. 
  
 Obama said no. 
  
 “The president tactfully said ‘That’s not my priority, my priority is not slowing the recovery down and the long-term economic health of the country,’ ” Rogers said. 
  
 Obama instead talked about balancing the budget “in principle,” lawmakers said, meaning eliminating all deficits except for payments of interest on the debt. 
  
 Rep. Greg Walden (R-Ore.) said the president’s definition of a budget that balances “in principle” is like “telling a family that your budget balances without counting the interest on your credit card debt or your mortgage.” 
  
 “It matters,” Walden said. 
  
 Lawmakers also pressed Obama on the approval of the Keystone XL oil sands pipeline from Canada, a long-standing priority for Republicans who argue its construction would expand U.S. energy and create jobs. Obama said a decision will arrive soon, but lawmakers emerged split over whether or not he suggested that he’s leaning toward approval. 
  
 Obama lingered after the meeting to shake hands and chat privately with members. Rep. Jeff Fortenberry Jeff FortenberryWHIP LIST: Republicans breaking with Trump Pence rallies GOP before final stretch Pence to House GOP: Trump needs your help MORE (R-Neb.) said he approached Obama afterward and asked the president “about conscience rights,” a reference to the administration’s decision to require most employers to cover birth control for their workers — something Fortenberry has fought tooth and nail. 
  
 “I did want to raise this because this is a deep concern for some of us,” Fortenberry said. He asked Obama “if there’s an opening to reconsider the administration’s position.” 
  
 Fortenberry did not reveal Obama’s response, but said he felt as if Obama took his concerns seriously. 
  
 Republicans told Obama he is welcome to address their conference “anytime,” although some doubted the usefulness of the discussion, saying it could improve — but not fix — the deficit of trust between the two sides. 
  
 Rep. Michele Bachmann Michele BachmannMichele Bachmann on Trump victory: ‘God did this’ The right-wing wants a revolution, and we had better pay attention Bachmann: Trump, GOP feud isn't a 'civil war' MORE (R-Minn.), who ran to unseat Obama in 2012, said the president “used a lot of big, fluffy generalities.” 
  
 “He called for bipartisanship as long as we agree with him and his positions,” she said. “He continually restated the obvious over and over. He said he was willing to do hard things, and he never said what those hard things were.” 
  
 Cole, however, said he thought members came out of the meeting “with a higher opinion of Obama than going into the meeting.” 
  
 “We’ll see what comes of it. That’s what matters,” said Walden, chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee. “The question is, is this just the latest chapter in the never-ending campaign?” 
  
 — Published at 2:28 p.m. and updated at 8:36 p.m. ||||| J. Scott Applewhite/AP Photo 
  
 Talk about white smoke: I am told, by Republican sources, that President Obama got standing ovations at the beginning and end of his meeting today with House Republicans on Capitol Hill - his first such meeting in four years. 
  
 There were tough questions and no breakthroughs, but a source inside the closed-door meeting called it "very cordial" and told me that virtually every House Republican who stood up to ask a question began by saying, "Thank you for coming" and "You are welcome here anytime." Some added, "We need to work together." 
  
 The biggest laugh line: The president informed the group that there was white smoke at the Vatican, and Rep. Billy Long of Missouri yelled out, "Does that mean the White House is open for tours?" Obama responded: "No, but the Vatican is." 
  
 This was Obama's first visit to Capitol Hill to meet with House Republicans in four years. He has met with them a total of four times, the most recent being at the White House 2011. 
  
 The president's message was straightforward and unsurprising. He began the meeting by saying he wanted to get things done on the budget and taxes, immigration and guns. On entitlement reform, he made it clear he was willing to push Democrats to make tough cuts but only if Republicans agreed to higher tax revenues. He also mentioned the strong bi-partisan commitment to Israel, which he will visit next week. 
  
 He was asked about eight questions, including these: 
  
 Rep. James Lankford of Oklahoma accused Obama of being too focused on defeating Republicans and asked, "Can we agree that we need to get to a balanced budget in 10 years?" The president responded by saying that domestic spending had already been cut deeply, and that balancing the budget too quickly would hurt the economy. 
  
 Rep. Candace Miller of Michigan asked about the cancellation of White House tours. The president said it was a Secret Service decision. 
  
 Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana asked about offshore oil drilling and the Keystone pipeline. The president said there were broad areas of agreement on energy, but that it was important to have a broader energy policy beyond fossil fuels. He said a decision on the Keystone pipeline would be coming "soon." 
  
 Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan, the chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee, asked if Obama and Republicans agreed on some entitlement reforms (specifically, means-testing for Medicare and reducing annual cost-of-living increases for Social Security), why couldn't those things be done now? The president said he would agree to those reforms only if Republicans agreed to raise tax revenues by closing loopholes, because we have to ask "everybody to sacrifice." 
  
 Rep. Peter Roskam of Illinois, who served with Obama in the Illinois state legislature, brought up the fiscal mess in Illinois and said Republicans were worried that Obama's policies would cause the same thing to happen here. Obama said the budget mess in Illinois was a bipartisan mess. 
  
 Rep. Tom Price of Georgia brought up the lack of trust between Republicans and the White House, and said the delay on the White House budget seemed politically motivated. Obama insisted the delay was not political: "I am done with campaigns," he said. "I am not running for re-election." The president hit that theme several times during the meeting. 
  
 Several of the questioners brought up the lack of trust and pointed to the fact that the president would be meeting tonight on behalf of his grassroots group Organizing for Action, raising money, as Roskam put it, "to thin our herd." ||||| WASHINGTON — President Obama ’s meeting with a restive and resistant House Republican majority on Wednesday underscored their deep divisions over fiscal policy as both sides acknowledged that an overarching budget compromise was in doubt despite a new push by the White House. 
  
 One day after Republicans rolled out a detailed proposal aimed at eliminating the federal deficit through steep cuts and repealing many of the president’s accomplishments, Mr. Obama told them pointedly in a rare visit that their highest fiscal priority was not his. 
  
 “Our biggest problems in the next 10 years are not deficits,” the president said, according to accounts from the meeting, bluntly rejecting an idea that has become Republican fiscal dogma. 
  
 That left many Republicans, who are resisting the president’s calls to close tax loopholes that benefit the wealthy, wondering where they could find room for compromise. 
  
 “Well, he doesn’t want to balance the budget in 10 years, and he wants tax increases, and he wants new spending,” Representative Darrell Issa of California said as he left the meeting early. “But other than that, we’re close.” 
  
 The hourlong discussion at the Capitol, and the release of a new budget by Senate Democrats on Wednesday that adds $100 billion in new stimulus spending and would impose higher taxes on large corporations and wealthy Americans, illustrated anew just how difficult it will be to resolve the issues that have split the Congress for years and created a perpetual cycle of deadline-driven short-term fiscal policy. Given the gap in the budget approaches, the president conceded as much in an interview with ABC News that ran on Wednesday before he went to the Capitol for the second consecutive day. 
  
 “Ultimately, it may be that the differences are just too wide,” said Mr. Obama, who will meet Thursday with Senate Republicans and House Democrats. “It may be that ideologically, if their position is, ‘We can’t do any revenue,’ or, ‘We can only do revenue if we gut Medicare or gut Social Security or gut Medicaid,’ if that’s the position, then we’re probably not going to be able to get a deal.” 
  
 While the White House and Republicans characterized Wednesday’s discussion as a cordial first step in what they hope will be a continuing dialogue, those who attended were frank about the prospects for compromise. 
  
 “The president seemed to say, ‘If we’re going to do the areas we agree on, you have to also do some of mine,’ ” said Representative James Lankford of Oklahoma, bristling at Mr. Obama’s suggestion. “If we can find the areas we agree on, why can’t we just do those?” 
  
 The problem in coming together on areas of agreement is that there are so few. Republicans and Democrats cannot agree on the fundamental, underlying problem with the country’s fiscal governance. Congressional Democrats and Mr. Obama, noting that the government has long operated with deep deficits, do not see a need for a balanced budget as long as spending is kept in check. 
  
 Senator Patty Murray, the Washington Democrat and Senate Budget Committee chairwoman who outlined her budget on Wednesday, summed up her party’s objections to Republican austerity measures, which Democrats have said rob the country of needed investment. 
  
 “Deficit reduction at the expense of economic growth is doomed to failure,” she said. 
  
 Under their budget, Senate Democrats would have the government running a deficit of nearly $600 billion in 10 years. 
  
 In another sign of just how different the parties’ priorities are, just before Mr. Obama arrived to meet with House Republicans, the Senate rejected a Republican effort to cut off financing for the president’s signature health care overhaul in a party-line vote. 
  
 Other issues surfaced in Wednesday’s talks that only further highlighted the partisan gulf. 
  
 Republicans vented their frustration that the president always seemed to be in campaign mode, questioning why he would speak to Organizing for Action, a nonprofit that supports his priorities, on the same day he visited them. 
  
 They pushed him to approve the Keystone oil pipeline and to reopen the White House for tours. Representative Candice S. Miller of Michigan told him that if he wanted to save on expenses, he should cancel the White House picnics and Christmas parties held for members of Congress instead. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?