PRETORIA, South Africa — The trial of Oscar Pistorius on murder charges began Monday, with a neighbor of the South African double-amputee track star saying that she heard “bloodcurdling screams” shortly before Mr. Pistorius’s girlfriend was shot and killed. 
  
 On a drizzly, gray day in Pretoria, Mr. Pistorius appeared before the court to deny that he had murdered his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, saying in a clear but soft voice that he was not guilty. He also denied several firearms offenses. 
  
 On the murder charge, Judge Thokozile Masipa asked if he understood the accusation. “I do, I do, my lady,” Mr. Pistorius replied. 
  
 A lawyer reading a statement by Mr. Pistorius said later that the allegation of murder “could not be further from the truth.” He also accused the police of contaminating the crime scene at Mr. Pistorius’s villa in a gated complex here and denied prosecution assertions that Mr. Pistorius and Ms. Steenkamp had argued on the night of her killing. 
  
 But the first witness, Michelle Burger, who lived near Mr. Pistorius at the time of the shooting on Feb. 14, 2013, said that she heard a man and a woman screaming before the gunshots. 
  
 Photo 
  
 “It was very traumatic for me,” Ms. Burger said. “You could hear that it was bloodcurdling screams. It leaves you cold. You can’t translate it into words, the anxiousness in her voice and fear.” 
  
 Ms. Burger described the sound of the gunfire as a first shot, then a pause and three shots in quick succession. 
  
 According to testimony in preliminary hearings, Mr. Pistorius fired four shots through a closed bathroom door. At least three bullets struck Ms. Steenkamp, in the head, arm and hip, vaulting Mr. Pistorius into the notorious ranks of celebrity murder defendants. 
  
 Mr. Pistorius’s lead defense counsel, Barry Roux, cross-examined Ms. Burger aggressively, at times sounding impatient, even exasperated, and dwelling on whether she and her husband might have influenced each other’s testimony. 
  
 Mr. Roux also questioned whether Ms. Burger was changing or at least adding to her story from an earlier statement and whether the sounds she described as gunshots were actually made by Mr. Pistorius breaking down the bathroom door with a cricket bat. He even raised the issue of whether the high-pitched screams that Ms. Burger said she heard were not a woman’s but his client’s voice rising from anxiety. The witness said repeatedly that she heard two different voices. 
  
 Defense lawyers have portrayed Ms. Steenkamp’s death as an accident, but prosecutors have not accepted Mr. Pistorius’s explanation that he believed he was shooting a burglar. South Africa is plagued by violent crime, and home invasions are a common fear. 
  
 Earlier, Mr. Pistorius, 27, said in an affidavit that he had been terrified. Vulnerable without his prosthetic legs, he said, he rashly fired through the bathroom door, only to find later that he had killed his girlfriend. 
  
 “I approached the bathroom door armed with my firearm so I could defend Reeva and I,” Mr. Pistorius said in the statement read by one of his lawyers on Monday. “I believed Reeva was still in bed.” 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 There is no death penalty in South Africa, but premeditated murder carries a minimum sentence of 25 years. 
  
 As he awaited the start of the trial, Mr. Pistorius, wearing a dark suit and black tie, perched on a cushion on his chair. Photographs showed June Steenkamp, the mother of the victim, weeping. She has told South African reporters that she wants him to look her in the eye. 
  
 Photo 
  
 “Oscar’s Date With Destiny” read a headline in red ink on the front page of The Pretoria News. 
  
 After more than a year of preparation, during which Mr. Pistorius has mostly been free on bail, more than a hundred witnesses may be called during the trial, including forensics and ballistics experts. 
  
 Since there are no jury trials in South Africa, Judge Masipa will decide his guilt or innocence, assisted by two assessors whom she swore in at the beginning of the hearing. The judge, a former crime reporter, is known locally for handing down long sentences in cases of crimes against women. 
  
 The case has been compared to the O. J. Simpson murder trial that transfixed Americans in the 1990s. 
  
 Mr. Pistorius and Ms. Steenkamp were a celebrity couple in South Africa. Mr. Pistorius, known as Blade Runner for the flexible, sickle-shaped carbon-fiber prosthetic legs he uses to compete, achieved worldwide fame by challenging able-bodied athletes. Ms. Steenkamp, who was 29 at the time of her death, was a budding reality television star, a model and a law school graduate. 
  
 After the killing, however, news reports built a different portrait of Mr. Pistorius — that of a reckless, jealous young man with a passion for guns and a history of mishandling them. Ms. Steenkamp told her mother that they had quarreled a lot, according to some news reports. 
  
 Journalists from around the world have gathered to cover the trial, which will be a highly public test for the South African justice system, even more so after a judge ruled last week that much of it would be broadcast live on television. Live images of testimony by Mr. Pistorius and witnesses called by the defense will not be shown, but the audio from all hearings will be broadcast. 
  
 The prosecution may have an uphill battle against Mr. Pistorius’s expensive team of lawyers and experts after the lead investigator on the case, Detective Warrant Officer Hilton Botha, resigned last year, acknowledging mistakes in the police work. A magistrate later said he had blundered in gathering evidence. 
  
 In the statement read in court, Mr. Pistorius said that the crime scene had been “contaminated, disturbed and tampered with.” 
  
 As a sprinter, Mr. Pistorius, who was born without fibulas and had both legs amputated below the knee before he was a year old, won two gold medals and a silver at the 2012 Paralympic Games in London after competing at the Olympics a few weeks earlier, though without winning medals. 
  
 The repercussions continue to echo for family and friends of Ms. Steenkamp. Her father, Barry Steenkamp, was reported to have had a stroke recently while reading an article about the case. ||||| The murder trial of Oscar Pistorius begins today as South Africa prepares for what is expected to be a marathon legal battle that throws a spotlight not just on the world-famous double-amputee athlete, but on his homeland's criminal justice system and gun culture. 
  
 The trial, which has been compared to that of the OJ Simpson case in the United States 20 years ago, has led to the establishement in South Africa of a unique cable television channel dedicated to it. 
  
 The 24-hour channel, called The Oscar Pistorius Trial – A Carte Blanche Channel, launched on Sunday night with footage of the sportsman's girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp, who was shot dead by him in the early hours of the morning on February 14 last year at his home. While the Olymian denies murder and says that he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder, the prosecution maintains that he intentionally shot her several times after an argument. 
  
 State prosecutors are expected to paint an unflattering portrait of Pistorius as reckless, hot-headed and obsessed with guns, and have lined up 107 witnesses for the trial, including Pistorius's ex-girlfriends Melissa Rom and Samantha Taylor, whose mother welcomed the end of their relationship. Erin Stear, who has denied reports she had an affair with Pistorius, will also take the stand, as will the former footballer Mark Batchelor, who has claimed that Pistorius threatened to "break my legs" because he was a close friend of Steenkamp, a law graduate, model and reality TV star. 
  
 Police have said they found unlicensed .38-calibre ammunition in Pistorius's house, while his Twitter account revealed he had boasted of going into "full attack recon mode in the pantry" after thinking an intruder was in his home. 
  
 The court will hear how, in one incident, Pistorius accidentally discharged a pistol under the table in a Johannesburg restaurant. He also put a bullet through the sunroof of a girlfriend's car in a fit of rage. 
  
 Pistorius will also come face to face with Steenkamp's mother, June, who made her feelings clear in a TV interview last year, recalling an incident in which Steenkamp phoned her from Pistorius's car. "She was afraid," June said. "She was so afraid. She said, 'Mummy, I'm in the car with Oscar and he's driving like a lunatic. Like a lunatic.' So I said, 'Will you just give him the phone?' She gave the phone to Oscar straight away. And I said, 'If you hurt my baby, I will have you wiped out.'" 
  
 Mobile phone records could be key during the trial, potentially indicating evidence of a fight. Steenkamp is said to have had her phone with her in the toilet when she was shot. Police have been trying to gain access to Pistorius's iPhone, which might contain evidence of a fight in the form of text messages. 
  
 Another key piece of evidence, according to experts, may be the blood-spatter analysis of the inside of the toilet cubicle, which could give an indication of Steenkamp's position when she was shot, including whether she was sitting on the toilet, or hiding behind the door, as prosecutors suspect. 
  
 Pistorius faces charges of murder, illegal possession of ammunition, and two additional counts relating to shooting a gun in public in two separate incidents before last year's Valentine's Day killing. 
  
 Criminal law experts believe that if the prosecution fails to prove premeditated murder, firing several shots through a closed door could bring a conviction for the lesser charge of culpable homicide, a South African equivalent of manslaughter covering unintentional deaths through negligence. Sentences in such cases range from fines to prison. They are left to courts to determine and are not set by fixed guidelines. ||||| FILE : In this Monday, Aug. 19, 2013 file photo, double-amputee Olympian Oscar Pistorius, left, talks with his lawyer, Kenny Oldwage, right, at the magistrates court in Pretoria, South Africa, where Pistorius... (Associated Press) 
  
 PRETORIA, South Africa (AP) — A cable TV channel devoted to the Oscar Pistorius murder trial went on air in South Africa on Sunday night showing footage of the blonde model the world-famous athlete shot dead at his home a year ago. The video includes footage of her playing with dolphins. 
  
 The 24-hour channel began broadcasting just over 12 hours before Pistorius is expected in court for the start of his trial. 
  
 Dedicated completely to the trial, some of its early programming focused on the life of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, the model and reality TV star Pistorius killed on Valentine's Day last year when he fired shots through a toilet door at his house. In one video taken by security camera, a smiling Steenkamp is seen arriving at the gated community where Pistorius lived just hours before she was killed. There was also video of her swimming with dolphins while shooting a reality TV show for South African television. At one point, two dolphins tap their snouts on her cheeks. 
  
 As Pistorius' trial starts on Monday, live television pictures and a live audio feed will be broadcast from the courtroom at North Gauteng High Court in the South African capital, Pretoria, after permission was granted by a judge. Pistorius' lawyers opposed the applications to broadcast the trial on television and radio. 
  
 The channel, called "The Oscar Pistorius Trial - A Carte Blanche channel" is on South Africa's most popular cable TV network which is one of the three broadcasters which asked the judge to allow live coverage of the trial. Three remote-controlled cameras have been installed in the courtroom. 
  
 There are some restrictions on the live broadcasts of the trial. Testimony by Pistorius and defense witnesses will not be shown because of objections by his defense team. Some prosecution witnesses can also ask for their testimony not to be shown and the trial judge, Thokozile Masipa, has the option of stopping the live coverage if it becomes intrusive. 
  
 Pistorius faces charges of murder, illegal possession of ammunition and two additional counts relating to shooting a gun in public in two separate incidents before the Valentine's Day slaying of Steenkamp last year. 
  
 Pistorius denies murder and says he shot Steenkamp after mistaking her for a dangerous intruder inside a toilet cubicle in his bathroom during the night. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Gerald Imray is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/GeraldImrayAP ||||| PRETORIA, South Africa (AP) — A female judge will ultimately decide Oscar Pistorius' fate and pronounce him innocent or guilty of murder in his girlfriend's shooting death on Valentine's Day last year. South Africa has no trial by jury meaning Judge Thokozile Masipa will have the final say in the blockbuster court case. A look at the judge and some other main players in the Pistorius trial: 
  
 FILE In this file photo taken Thursday, March 28, 2013 state prosecutor Gerrie Nel, prepares for a hearing in the Pretoria, South Africa high court opposing the bail conditions of athlete Oscar Pistorius... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE In this file photo taken Thursday, March 28, 2013 the defense team for athlete Oscar Pistorius, led by Barry Roux, left, prepares for a hearing in the Pretoria, South Africa high court opposing... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Feb. 19, 2013 file photo, a mourner carries a program at the funeral for Reeva Steenkamp, portrait, in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. With his athletic triumphs tarnished by the killing... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE- In this Wednesday, Feb. 20, 2013 file photo, Investigating officer Hilton Botha, sits inside the court witness box during the Oscar Pistorius bail hearing at the magistrate court in Pretoria, South... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Wednesday, Feb. 20, 2013 file photo Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius stands inside a court during his bail hearing at the magistrate court in Pretoria, South Africa. With his athletic triumphs... (Associated Press) 
  
 ___ 
  
 THE JUDGE: 
  
 Judge Thokozile Masipa will preside over the biggest and most closely-watched case in her career when Pistorius goes on trial for murder in Reeva Steenkamp's shooting death. Masipa has 15 years' experience as a judge, but was once a reporter with a South African newspaper before turning to law. Her appointment to oversee and ultimately judge Pistorius' case will satisfy both prosecution and defense, legal experts say, because of her reputation for being unwaveringly fair. She was the second black woman to be appointed a judge in South Africa, according to the South African Press Association. 
  
 While she has become a figure of intense interest, South Africa's department of justice has warned reporters not to attempt to contact her during Pistorius' trial. Masipa will be aided by two assessors whom she has appointed but who have not yet been named. In South Africa, judges are sometimes helped by assessors, often experts in criminal law who can help the judge reach a verdict but have limited roles in the trial. South Africa abolished juries in criminal trials in 1969. 
  
 ___ 
  
 THE PROSECUTION: 
  
 Gerrie Nel is considered South Africa's top state prosecutor. He secured a conviction for corruption against former South African police chief Jackie Selebi, one of the country's biggest cases before Pistorius killed Steenkamp. Nel is described as a master of presenting evidence by legal analysts. In Pistorius' bail hearing last year, Nel painted a picture of Pistorius as a man who was "willing and ready to fire and kill" and Steenkamp as cowering, terrified and hiding in the toilet before Pistorius shot through the toilet door to kill her. 
  
 "She couldn't go anywhere," Nel said in court last February. "It must have been horrific." 
  
 ___ 
  
 THE DEFENSE: 
  
 Described even by other attorneys as South Africa's best defense lawyer, Barry Roux's cross-examination of police detective Hilton Botha in Pistorius' bail hearing last February was so extensive that Botha, who was later removed from the case, had to concede that nothing about Pistorius' version of events could be disproved at the time. 
  
 Roux, an attorney for about 30 years, also succeeded in getting the court to agree to release Pistorius on bail of 1 million rand (then $113,000) despite the fact that the double-amputee athlete was charged with premeditated murder. He also got another court to relax some of Pistorius' strict bail conditions on appeal. 
  
 ___ 
  
 THE GUNMAN: 
  
 Oscar Pistorius is now probably the world's best-known track athlete. Initially a poster boy for disabled sport, Pistorius' ability to also run alongside the best able-bodied athletes made him a sportsman whose endorsement was purchased by international brands like Nike. A multiple Paralympic champion and record-breaker, Pistorius is still the only amputee to run at the world championships and the Olympics. 
  
 He is also the defendant in a murder trial and faces a possible life sentence with a minimum of 25 years in prison before the possibility of parole if convicted. Other aspects of Pistorius' life have been scrutinized since he killed Steenkamp, especially that he was also a gun enthusiast and collector and owned a 9 mm Parabellum pistol for self-defense and was pursuing licenses for six more guns, including an assault rifle. 
  
 ___ 
  
 THE VICTIM: 
  
 Reeva Steenkamp was a model and reality TV star, but also a law graduate. The 29-year-old had been dating Pistorius for only a few months when she was killed by the Olympic athlete. They were introduced by mutual friends in late 2012 and decided to attend an awards ceremony together the day after. Steenkamp's parents, Barry and June, have talked about her dedication to fighting domestic abuse rather than her modeling career and said she intended to open a shelter for abused women. 
  
 Her parents will now start a foundation to help "the poor and abused" in her memory, they said. 
  
 ___ 
  
 THE TOP COP: 
  
 After Hilton Botha's bungled testimony in the bail hearing and the revelation that he was facing charges of attempted murder himself, Lt. Gen. Vinesh Moonoo was appointed to take over as the head police investigator in the Pistorius shooting. Moonoo was described by South Africa's national police commissioner as the country's No. 1 detective. He is not listed by the prosecution as one of its witnesses but has overseen the investigation for the last year. He is renowned for avoiding the limelight, according to South African crime reporters who say he has rarely given media interviews. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Gerald Imray is on Twitter at www.twitter.com/GeraldImrayAP ||||| Media caption LIVE: BBC coverage of Oscar Pistorius murder trial 
  
 South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has pleaded not guilty at the start of his trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. 
  
 Mr Pistorius shot Ms Steenkamp, 29, a model and reality TV star, at his home in Pretoria on 14 February 2013. 
  
 State prosecutors allege the killing was premeditated, but he claims he mistook her for an intruder. 
  
 For the first time in South Africa, parts of the trial will be televised live. Media interest is high. 
  
 The state's case - and the memorably hapless performance of now ex-lead detective Hilton Botha - took a battering at [Mr Pistorius's bail] hearing. Did the state have more compelling evidence that it chose not to reveal? The battle ahead 
  
 The arrest of the national sporting hero astounded South Africa. 
  
 The 27-year-old double amputee won gold at the London 2012 Paralympic Games and also competed at the Olympics. 
  
 'Heard screaming' 
  
 Mr Pistorius pleaded not guilty to all charges, including the "wilful and intentional murder of Reeva Steenkamp" as the trial began. 
  
 His lawyer read out a statement from the athlete, giving his version of events of how Ms Steenkamp died, saying he believed his girlfriend was in bed when he shot at the toilet door in the early hours of Valentine's Day last year. 
  
 The start to proceedings at the court in the capital were delayed by 90 minutes as an Afrikaans translator was absent. 
  
 The BBC's Andrew Harding in the courtroom says Mr Pistorius looked calm, or at least neutral as he arrived in court - a far cry from the emotional wreck he seemed at the bail hearing last year. 
  
 Mr Pistorius's uncle, brother and sister are also in court; next to them on the relatives' bench is the family of Ms Steenkamp, including her mother June, our correspondent says. 
  
 Image caption Reeva Steenkamp's mother June arrives at the high court on Monday morning 
  
 Image caption Oscar Pistorius walked into the court without any apparent glance at the relatives' bench 
  
 Image caption South Africa was stunned when he shot dead his girlfriend the model Reeva Steenkamp 
  
 Gerrie Nel, who is leading the prosecution team, read out the indictment and has called the first witness, Michelle Burger, a neighbour of Mr Pistorius who has requested that her testimony not be televised. 
  
 She says she awoke hearing a woman's screams and heard a call for help. 
  
 Clickable 3D model of Oscar Pistorius' house What happened on the night? 
  
 Our correspondent says Mr Nel, who has begun to lay out the state's case, is a quiet, determined figure - "fox-like", according to a friend and fellow-lawyer. 
  
 State prosecutors say Mr Pistorius planned the killing and shot Ms Steenkamp after a row. 
  
 But Mr Pistorius says he shot his girlfriend through the bathroom door of his home in Pretoria after mistaking her for a burglar. 
  
 If found guilty of premeditated murder, he could face life imprisonment. 
  
 He has also been charged with illegally possessing ammunition. 
  
 There are no juries at trials in South Africa, and his fate will ultimately be decided by Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa. 
  
 Much of the case will depend on ballistic evidence from the scene of the shooting, correspondents say. 
  
 On the anniversary of the shooting, Mr Pistorius released a rare statement in which he said: "The loss of Reeva and the complete trauma of that day, I will carry with me for the rest of my life." 
  
 Media caption Reeva Steenkamp's friend Gwyn Guscott: "We just need to know what happened" 
  
 Last week, a judge ruled that an audio feed of the whole trial could be broadcast. Some parts will also be televised, including opening arguments, evidence of experts, police witnesses and closing arguments. 
  
 The testimony of the accused and his witnesses is exempt. 
  
 One South African TV station, MultiChoice, has set up a dedicated Oscar Pistorius Trial channel to provide 24-hour coverage. It is due to begin broadcasting on Sunday. 
  
 Defence lawyers had said it would prejudice proceedings. |||||

Write a summary.