U.N. Envoy Brahimi Meets President Assad in Syria

BEIRUT, Lebanon — The new United Nations peace envoy to Syria, Lakhdar Brahimi, said after a meeting with President Bashar al-Assad on Saturday that the civil war held consequences for “the region, and the whole world,” while acknowledging that he had not yet formulated a plan to address the escalating violence.

“The crisis is very serious,” Mr. Brahimi said, adding that it was “becoming worse by the day.”

That grim assessment came on the third day of Mr. Brahimi’s visit to Syria, where he said he had met opposition activists, government officials and diplomats representing Russia and China, countries that have offered support for President Assad’s embattled government.

Mr. Brahimi, a seasoned diplomat from Algeria, took the job of special envoy representing the United Nations and the Arab League after Kofi Annan, a former United Nations secretary general, resigned last month. In announcing his resignation, Mr. Annan insisted there could be no solution unless Mr. Assad stepped down, and blamed the intransigence of both the Syrian government and its opponents for the continuing bloodshed.

In the weeks since Mr. Annan resigned, there has been no lessening of the violence, with the Syrian government relying more and more on air power to vanquish its enemies as rebel militias continue to search for weapons to counter the military’s power.

On Friday, Pope Benedict XVI added his voice to those warning of the dangers posed by weapons flowing into Syria, saying that the import of arms, by the government and the rebels, must stop.

At a news conference on Saturday after his meeting with Mr. Assad, Mr. Brahimi said he was “continuing the work” that Mr. Annan had started, and declined to say how his approach would differ.

“It is not a secret that the gap between the parties is very wide,” he said, adding that Mr. Assad was “more aware than me of the scope and the seriousness of the crisis.”

“The common ground does exist,” Mr. Brahimi said. “These are Syrians, they love their country and want peace for their country.”

Since Mr. Brahimi’s arrival on Thursday, witnesses have reported intense fighting in two neighborhoods south of Damascus, the capital, Hajar al-Aswad and Qadam. Protesters could be seen marching in both neighborhoods on Friday, escorted by armed rebels. In Qadam, government security forces in sport utility vehicles tried to disrupt the march, leading to clashes.

A 30-year-old protester in Qadam, who gave only his first name, Ibrahim, took a dim view of Mr. Brahimi’s mission. “The U.N. envoys will do nothing, because they have no power,” he said. “They will spend their time in meaningless meetings with regime officials, or opposition figures who have no presence on the ground.”

On Saturday, at least three people were killed in Hajar al-Aswad during hours of intense shelling by the government, activists in Damascus said.

Hania Mourtada and Hwaida Saad contributed reporting from Beirut, and an employee of The New York Times from Damascus, Syria.

Write a one or two sentence summary.