Please briefly summarize this news article:

Chris Christie tries to clarify remarks about ‘balance’ on vaccines

New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (Mel Evans, AP)

Chris Christie says the government must seek “balance” between concerns for public health and decisions made by parents when it comes to vaccinations for children.

Hours after his initial comments, Christie’s office sent out a statement clarifying the potential presidential candidate’s remarks. “The governor believes vaccines are an important public health protection and with a disease like measles there is no question kids should be vaccinated,” the statement said.

A day after President Obama urged parents to vaccinate their children against measles, the New Jersey governor added his voice to the debate on immunizations during a trip to England.

The Republican governor told reporters traveling with him that he and his wife, Mary Pat, had their four children vaccinated. His remarks came after a tour of a biomedical research center.

“That’s the best expression I can give you of my opinion,” Christie said, according to a transcript of remarks provided by his office. “It’s much more important … what you think as a parent than what you think as a public official. And that’s what we do. But I also understand that parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well, so that’s the balance that the government has to decide.”

In a pre-Super Bowl interview with NBC’s Savannah Guthrie, Obama heralded the success of vaccinations in preventing diseases and noted that measles is “preventable.”

“The science is, you know, pretty indisputable,” Obama said in comments that aired Monday. “We’ve looked at this again and again. There is every reason to get vaccinated, but there aren’t reasons to not.”

A measles outbreak originating at Disney theme parks has sickened more than 100 people in the United States. These measles cases have occurred in at least six states and Mexico, and have been connected to Disneyland in California.

Christie said the “balance” is necessary because of different diseases and vaccines, and he stressed that his comments are not meant to suggest that vaccinations are optional.

“What I’m saying is that you have to have that balance in considering parental concerns because no parent cares about anything more than they care about protecting their own child’s health and so we have to have that conversation, but that has to move and shift in my view from disease type,” he said. “Not every vaccine is created equal and not every disease type is as great a public health threat as others. So that’s what I mean by that so that I’m not misunderstood.”

Democrats seized on Christie’s remarks, and suggested he is trying to court the votes of people who are against vaccinations for children. “If he wants to actually be a leader, then he should stop bowing to junk science and take a cue from President Obama by showing leadership that promotes facts and keeps our children and our nation safe,” said Mo Elleithee, communications director for the Democratic National Committee.

Summary: