By. Misty White Sidell. PUBLISHED:. 16:48 EST, 12 March 2014. |. UPDATED:. 17:02 EST, 12 March 2014. Cate Blanchett and Julia Robert’s stylist has taken the top honor in a list of the top 25 ‘power stylists’ published by The Hollywood Reporter yesterday. Elizabeth Stewart, a former fashion editor for Women’s Wear Daily and the New York Times, was named as Tinsletown’s most influential behind-the-scenes fashion tastemaker – beating well-known red carpet stylists like Rachel Zoe and Kate Young. In addition to the two Oscar nominees, Ms Stewart also counts Amanda Seyfried, Frieda Pinto, and January Jones as clients. Elizabeth Stewart (pictured) has been named the most powerful stylist in Hollywood for her work with Cate Blanchett, Sandra Bullock, and Julia Roberts. These looks on Cate Blanchett (left) and Julia Roberts (right) are the handiwork of Ms Stewart. This awards show cycle saw her styling 102 red carpet looks in total, with Ms Blanchett’s sequined Armani Oscars gown and Ms Robert’s widely-disputed Valentino jumpsuit for the SAGs among them. She is a long-time fixture on THR’s power stylist list, appearing in fifth place last year, and fourth place the year prior. Ms Stewart is followed by stylist Petra Flannery, who came in second place for her work with Amy Adams, Claire Danes, Emma Stone, and Zoe Saldana. Ms Flannery was also rated at number two on last year’s list. These looks on (from left to right) Zoe Saldana, Amy Adams, and Emma Stone are the work of stylist Petra Flannery. The ranking’s top three is rounded out. by relative newcomer Micaela Erlanger, the woman responsible for Lupita. Nyong’o’s widely-praised appearance. She also oversees Michelle. Dockery’s wardrobe, as well as Olivia Munn’s. Ms Erlanger, perhaps the list’s true swan story, started her career as an assistant to the late Annabel Tollman. Her first private client was Joely Richardson, whom she dressed for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo press tour. Micaela Erlanger is the stylist responsible for Lupita Nyong'o (left) and Michelle Dockery (right) Just one year ago, though, Ms. Erlanger rocketed to the forefront of Hollywood’s fashion-conscious. elite, when she dressed Michelle Dockery in a white-and-gold Alexandre. Vauthier Couture gown for the Golden Globes. Ms Erlanger, a former fashion design student, told THR that the moment was ‘life-changing.’ Miss Nyong’o came onto her roster courtesy of a recommendation from Miss Dockery and ‘the rest is history,’ she says. The remainder of THR’s ranking includes a mix of demure, as well as self-promotional-happy stylists. Household names Kate Young (left) and Rachel Zoe (right) appeared on the list at numbers 11, and six, respectively. Household names including Rachel Zoe and Kate Young made it onto the list at numbers six and 11, respectively. Their rankings  dropped from numbers three (Ms Zoe) and four (Ms Young) last year. Quieter personalities like Allison Williams’s outfitter Cristina Erlich takes number eight, while Kerry Washington’s stylist Erin Walsh clocks in at number nine.
What are the important parts of this article?