Information:  - Val d'Isère is a commune of the Tarentaise Valley, in the Savoie department (Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region) in southeastern France. It lies from the border with Italy. It is on the border of the Vanoise National Park created in 1963. During the 1992 Winter Olympics, the "Face de Bellevarde" was the site of the men's downhill race. Other alpine skiing events held during those games included men's giant slalom and alpine combined. Val d'Isère regularly hosts World Cup alpine events, usually for the men in early December, and hosted the World Championships in 2009. It is located in the Savoie région with good transport links in and out of Lyon, Geneva and Chambery. The ski area of Val d'Isère and Tignes forms the Espace Killy, named after the triple olympic champion Jean-Claude Killy who grew up in Val d'Isère.   - The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 2009 were the 40th FIS Alpine World Ski Championships , held 2 -- 15 February in France at Val - d'Isère , Savoie . The International Ski Federation ( FIS ) awarded the championships to Val - d'Isère on 2 June 2004 , in Miami , Florida . The other two finalists were Vail / Beaver Creek , USA , and Schladming , Austria , which was later selected to host the 2013 championships . Vail / Beaver Creek gained the 2015 championships . These were the first world championships at Val - d'Isère , although the area hosted four of the five men 's events at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville ( the slalom was held at Les Menuires ) . Val - d'Isère is a regular stop on the World Cup circuit , usually by the men in early to mid-December . These were the fourth world championships held in France . Chamonix hosted in 1937 and 1962 , and Chamrousse hosted the alpine events for 1968 Winter Olympics ( from 1948 through 1980 , the Winter Olympics were also the world championships ) .  - Jean-Claude Killy (born 30 August 1943) also known as Gilette is a former French World Cup alpine ski racer. Born in Saint-Cloud, Hauts-de-Seine, he dominated the sport in the late 1960s. He was a triple Olympic champion, winning the three alpine events at the 1968 Winter Olympics, becoming the most successful athlete there. He also won the first two World Cup titles, in 1967 and 1968.  - International Ski Federation (FIS; short for Fédération Internationale de Ski) is the world's highest governing body for international winter sports. Founded in 1924, it is responsible for the Olympic disciplines of Alpine skiing, cross-country skiing, ski jumping, Nordic combined, freestyle skiing and snowboarding. The FIS is also responsible for setting the international competition rules. The organization now has a membership of 118 national ski associations and is based in Oberhofen am Thunersee, Switzerland.  - The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships are organized by the International Ski Federation (FIS).    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'fis alpine world ski championships 2009' with the relationship of 'sport'.  Choices: - alpine skiing  - freestyle skiing  - skiing  - sport