Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Daily Mail Reporter. From chicken fillets to surgery and plunge bras, there's no shortage of ways for women to boost their assets. But for those who dread the double boob effect push-up bras can create, help is at hand in the shape of 'The One' bra - the latest addition to Ultimo's cleavage boosting arsenal. Fronting the new campaign was Abbey Clancy who looked glamorous as she posed in the bra which comes in a range of summery pastel hues including mint and peach. Scroll down for video. Glamorous: Abbey poses in a mint version of 'The One' bra which is designed to banish double boob. Pretty though the £24 bras are, the real star of the show was Ms Clancy herself, who smoulders as she poses seductively in front of a dressing room mirror. Talking about the new designs, Abbey said, 'The new Ultimo range is beautifully bright and flirty – perfect for summer. 'You can mix and match the two new styles, so the collection is very easy-to-wear and lots of fun.' Abbey, who regularly presents This Morning’s fashion segment and is the wife of England footballer Peter Crouch added:. 'Mint is a gorgeous colour for summer – really fresh and breezy - and suits almost every skin tone. It also looks incredible with a tan or sunkissed skin.' Pretty: Abbey, the wife of England striker Peter Crouch, shows off her curves in a cream polka dot design. ‘The One’ style uses a satin sling to banish the dreaded double boob effect, while foam cups lift and 'project' your assets. Michelle Mone, founder of Ultimo, added: 'Abbey looks gorgeous in the new Ultimo designs, which are perfect for injection some colour into your lingerie drawer this summer. '"The One" bra is an Ultimo cleavage classic and one of our bestsellers, which is why we’ve introduced the bra in a range of new colours.' Looking good: Lingerie tycoon Michelle Mone (left) and a fully clothed Abbey Clancy (right) She's all white! Abbey sporting a piece from the bridal collection in an earlier set of campaign images. Strictly Come Dancing winner Abbey. has been the face of the brand since last December, and along with her. appearance in 'The One Bra', has also starred in the company's OMG Plunge Bra and. bridal underwear campaigns. Offering. her top lingerie buying tips after being offered the Ultimo job, Abbey. said: 'My top lingerie tip would be to invest in two lingerie drawers -. one for everyday, comfy lingerie and the other for more luxurious styles. for those special occasions.' She. is the latest in a long line of glamorous women to have appeared in. Ultimo campaigns, with predecessors including Luisa Lopilato, Mel B,. Penny Lancaster and Rachel Hunter. Pretty: Other highlights from the bridal collection include this delicate white lace bra and matching knickers. First look: The toned Strictly winner models on-trend cage bras in her first appearance for Ultimo. Sneak peek: This shoot done in January was Abbey's first as the new face and body of the lingerie giant. Shop the latest Ultimo spring/summer 2014 collection and view stockists at www.ultimo.co.uk.