Summarize the following:
Senior cats can have a difficult time getting around, which means that they may have trouble walking to their litter box. In addition, older cats can develop urinary tract problems that may make it challenging to get to the litter box in time. Placing litter boxes in the places where your cat spends most of her time will help prevent accidental urination or defecation. Litter boxes with low walls are easier for a senior cat to step into and out of. In addition to decreased mobility, your senior cat may also be losing her vision and hearing. Because of this, she may start to feel insecure in her ability to navigate her environment. By maintaining her consistent schedule of feeding and playtime, you can help her feel safer and more comfortable in her environment. Massaging your senior cat can help loosen her stiff muscles and joints and stimulate her blood circulation. In addition, massaging her can help her feel more connected to you—something that is very important to older cats. Also, massaging your senior cat gives you an opportunity to gently examine her all over and identify lumps and bumps that may require closer examination by your veterinarian.  Be gentle when you massage your cat. To massage your cat, make small circles with your fingers. Start behind her ears and slowly work your way down her neck. Continue to massage her down her back.  Make sure to avoid massaging areas that may be painful for your cat. With potentially stiff muscles and joints, your senior cat may not be able to groom herself as well as she used to. Be sure to use a soft brush when you brush her, since the skin of older cats is more sensitive than a younger cat’s skin.   Trim your senior cat’s nails if she will let you. Her nails may need to be trimmed more frequently (every few weeks) if she cannot use the scratching post as much as she used to. Trim her nails to just above the quick—the blood vessel that runs up the middle of her nail. Cat’s nails tend to curve under towards the foot pad when they grow too long, which would be very uncomfortable for your cat. Begin trimming her nails when you notice that she can no longer use the scratching post to prevent her nails from growing too long. Your senior cat has different nutritional needs than a younger cat. When she is 7 to 9 years old, begin transitioning her over to a senior cat diet from an adult maintenance diet. This will help ensure she receives the proper balance of nutrients.  Transition to the new diet over 5 days: day 1 (20% new diet, 80% old diet), day 2 (40% new diet, 60% old diet), day 3 (60% new diet, 40% old diet), day 4 (80% new diet, 20% old diet), day 5 (100% new diet).  Depending on your senior cat’s medical condition, she may also need dietary supplements (e.g., probiotics, fatty acids).  Consult with your veterinarian before making any changes to your cat’s diet. Your senior cat will definitely appreciate some extra padding when she sleeps. In addition to achy joints, your senior cat may have also lost some muscle mass that would make sleep very uncomfortable.

Summary: