Article: Genital warts are a common complication of HPV, though the transmission of HPV does not always lead to genital warts.  Approximately 360,000 individuals acquire genital warts each year in the United States alone.  Genital warts may appear as a small bump or group of bumps. There is great variance in the appearance and size of genital warts. They may appear small or large, raised off the skin or flat, or may appear lumpy like a cauliflower crown.  If left untreated, genital warts may go away on their own, they may remain unchanged, or they may spread and grow larger.  Genital warts that grow large and spread to the birth canal may cause complications during a pregnancy. Cervical cancer is the second most common form of cancer in women living in under-developed regions of the world. In 2012 it caused almost 270,000 deaths worldwide.  Cervical cancer usually does not present any noticeable symptoms until it enters advanced stages, at which point it can become life-threatening and difficult to treat.  Having regular Pap tests can help identify and treat cervical cancer before it enters the advanced stages. Regular Pap tests are the most effective means of detecting and preventing cervical cancer. Though cervical cancer is the most serious complication related to HPV transmission, the virus has been linked to numerous other types of cancers that can affect both men and women worldwide.  Vulvar cancer - cancer of the vulva (the outer portion of female genitalia) is often caused by HPV. Almost seven out of every ten cases of vulvar cancer, and virtually all incidents of vulvar pre-cancer, are linked to HPV transmission. Routine physical examinations by a medical professional are the best means of detecting vulvar cancer.  Vaginal cancer - over seven out of every ten cases of vaginal cancer are linked to HPV transmission. The same Pap tests used to detect cervical cancer are sometimes used to detect vaginal cancer and pre-cancer.  Penile cancer - men exposed to high-risk HPV strains may develop cancer of the penis. In fact, roughly six out of every ten cases of penile cancer are linked to HPV transmission. There is currently no approved screening test to detect the early stages of penile cancer, and many cases go undetected until the later stages of cancer.  Anal cancer - nearly all cases of squamous cell cancer of the anus across both men and women are caused by HPV transmission. The best way to detect anal cancer is by performing an anal cytology test, sometimes referred to as an anal Pap test. These exams are typically only performed on individuals determined to be at a high risk of cancer formation, such as people with compromised immune systems or individuals who have received an organ transplant.  Mouth and throat cancer - over seven out of every ten cases of cancer in the back of the throat (including the tongue and tonsils) are linked to HPV transmission. Mouth and throat cancer, also known as oropharyngeal cancer, does not currently have any approved screening test to detect the early stages.
What is a summary of what this article is about?