What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
People will need to do your work while you're gone; you should make this as easy as possible for them, without overburdening any one person. The Harvard Business Review suggests you “prepare a list of your core responsibilities, dividing them into tasks that can be assumed by other and those that aren't so easy to delegate, such as client relationships.” Think about who in your organization might fill each role, and consider hiring someone to cover for you if necessary. This involves more than just telling the good news that you're pregnant. You'll also need to let them know the additional responsibilities they'll be taking on. This does not have to be a burden for them. Especially for subordinates, it can be an opportunity to take on new, higher-level responsibilities and to progress their career. You'll need to let your clients know that you will be stepping away, and also introduce them to the person who will be taking over for you in your absence. If you serve as the primary contact for anyone else – suppliers if you're a restaurant manager, for instance – you'll need to let them know your plans, too. The more you can tie-up before you leave, the less you will have to stress about while gone, and the easier the transition will be for your coworkers. It can be very hard to step right in after 3 months away if you have not kept in touch. Your company should know that you will not always be available, but do plan to check in regularly by email or via a short, weekly scheduled call. If you are going to be heading back to full-time work, there is a good chance you will need to enroll your child in daycare or to find a nanny. You don't have to wait until your child is born to start looking.  Daycare – Ask for friend's recommendations. Look for a daycare that is near your home or work, and which offers flexible pick-up and drop-off times. Visit and talk to the staff about their philosophies on childcare and discipline. Nanny – Nannies are more expensive, but they also offer more flexibility for working parents. To cut the cost, consider a nanny-share. These work best if the children are about the same age and the parents have similar child-raising philosophies, so choose people you know, or be sure to interview both the nanny and the parents you will be sharing with. Partner - Your partner's company may have better leave policies than your own. If your partner can get paid leave, then consider having him or her stay home with the baby while you transition back to work. Knowing your partner is home with the baby can make for a much less stressful transition than sending your child to daycare. Don't forget the little things. It's best to take any personal belongings you treasure home, as you can't be certain they won't be disturbed. In some cases, another worker might even be using your desk when you're gone, so be sure to also remove personal files like performance reviews. And don't forget to set out-of-office messages that tell the caller or emailer who they can contact in your absence.

Summary: