Question: Jason Michael Lee (born April 25, 1970) is an American actor, producer and skateboarder. He is best known for his roles as Earl Hickey in the television comedy series My Name Is Earl, David Seville in the Alvin and the Chipmunks film franchise and the voice of Syndrome in The Incredibles. He is also known for his roles in Kevin Smith films such as Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Jersey Girl, Clerks II and Cop Out. A skateboard enthusiast, Lee is the co-founder and co-owner of Stereo Skateboards, a company that manufactures skateboard decks.

Answer this question based on the passage: who plays earl on my name is earl?
Answer: This is the relevant information: He is best known for his roles as Earl Hickey in the television comedy series My Name Is Earl, David Seville in the Alvin and the Chipmunks film franchise and the voice of Syndrome in The Incredibles. The answer is Jason Michael Lee.

Question: Passage: The 2024 Summer Olympics (French: Jeux olympiques d'été de 2024), officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, and commonly known as Paris 2024, is a forthcoming international multi-sport event that is scheduled to take place from 26 July to 11 August 2024 in Paris, France.

Question: Based on this passage, where are the olympics being held in 2024?
Answer: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The 2024 Summer Olympics (French: Jeux olympiques d'été de 2024), officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, and commonly known as Paris 2024, is a forthcoming international multi-sport event that is scheduled to take place from 26 July to 11 August 2024 in Paris, France. The answer is Paris , France.

Question: Context: Winters is the daughter of supermodel-turned-executive Drucilla Winters (Victoria Rowell) born in the midst of a questioned paternity storyline, with Neil Winters (Kristoff St. John) believing he was her father. Eleven years later, the storyline was readdressed with the revelation that Malcolm Winters (Shemar Moore) is her biological father. Lily later began a relationship with Daniel Romalotti (Michael Graziadei), a romance inspired by Romeo and Juliet. The couple were popular with viewers, who were saddened at their separation (because of Daniel's addiction to pornography).

Question: who is lily's mother on the young and the restless?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: Winters is the daughter of supermodel-turned-executive Drucilla Winters (Victoria Rowell) born in the midst of a questioned paternity storyline, with Neil Winters (Kristoff St. John) believing he was her father. The answer is supermodel - turned - executive Drucilla Winters ( Victoria Rowell ).

Question: Context: Dustin Luis Pedroia (born August 17, 1983) is an American baseball second baseman for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB). He is a four-time All-Star and an American League (AL) Most Valuable Player award winner, who has also received four Gold Glove Awards and a single Silver Slugger award.

Question: who plays second base for the boston red sox?
Answer: