Article: While you don't need a whole new wardrobe, having a new outfit for the first day can make you feel more confident. If your school doesn’t require uniforms, save up to get an outfit or 2 that you like, or get a new pair of shoes to wear for the year. Once you have an outfit that you like, make sure you style it appropriately for school.   Keep in mind that whatever you wear should follow your school’s dress code. If you don’t have a lot of room in your budget for a new outfit, mix and match your old clothes to make new outfits, visit a thrift store to find inexpensive clothes, or organize a clothing swap with your friends where you can all trade clothes. Visit an office supply store or local supermarket to pick up a few folders, pencils, notebooks, and other supplies that your school wants you to have. If you’re not sure what you need, check your school’s website, ask a store associate, call the school to ask them, or look up lists for your grade level online.  Your classes might require you to get specific supplies, like a protractor for geometry class or a world map for history. You don’t have to get a new backpack and lunch box every year, but if yours have rips or tears in them from last year, remember to get a new one when you’re shopping for school supplies. If you have the time, pick a day and pretend like it’s your first day. Go to bed early the night before, wake up on time, and do your morning routine. Head to the school to see how long it will take you to get there, and go in the school to find your classes and locker if you’re able to.  Many schools have new student orientations to introduce the school to new students. See if your school has one of these and go to it to prepare for your first day in a new school! Try to go to bed at your normal “school year” bedtime every night starting about 2 weeks before classes begin. If you’re having trouble getting to bed at night, try waking up earlier so that you’re tired earlier in the day. Try to follow a consistent routine for bedtime, including brushing your teeth, turning off electronics, and taking time to relax. If you need to, try reading a book or listening to calming music before you get ready for bed to get into a relaxed mindset. Whether you’re going to a new school or heading back to the same school, bullying is an issues for many kids. If you’re having anxiety, feeling sad or are scared, sit down with your parents or someone you trust to discuss what’s going on. Ask them to talk to your principal and school counselor with you to address the issue before the school year begins.  If you have a close friend who you can trust, try talking to them about how you’re feeling. If they know you’re worried about being bullied, they’ll be able to watch your back and help you if you do end up in a bad situation. During the school year, if you’re experiencing bullying of any kind, including cyber bullying, don’t be afraid to tell a teacher or school counselor. They’ll likely be happy to help you and can help you find a solution to the problem.
What is a summary of what this article is about?