He had up to 50 confused tourists stranded outside his home each day after they blindly followed incorrect sat-nav directions. And even saw tour buses full of French schoolchildren dumped on his doorstep in a quiet cul-de-sac - a mile away from the Big Pit coalmine tourist attraction in Blaenavon, South Wales. So Nigel Winfield, 62, decided to take matters into his own hands and put up eight realistic road signs in official colours and logos to point them in the right direction. Nigel Winfield, 62, put up eight road signs to stop confused tourists from driving into his quiet cul-de-sac in Forgeside, South Wales. He believes his homemade 'tourist information' signs have led to a 90 per cent reduction in traffic in the village of Forgeside, 16 miles from Newport. He said: 'It has reached crisis point. There were around 50 cars a day coming through disrupting the peace and quiet. 'These drivers are just blindly following their sat-navs - it was a lot of traffic for a nice quiet cul-de-sac. 'It was making everyone in the street cheesed off. So, being a practical person, I decided to make some signs.' The tourists were trying to find the Big Pit coalmine tourist attraction in Blaenavon, South Wales. The signs took Mr Winfield five days to make and cost around £50 - he even made a stencil to copy the logos for sat-nav and the Big Pit. Torfaen council is currently making a new  set of signs - but  Mr Winfield's were inspected and it was decided that his could stay for now. Villagers say they have been overrun by disorientated motorists trying to make their way to the nearby museum within the industrial village Unesco World Heritage site. There are main roads which lead to the tourist attraction - but sat-navs are sending motorists 'around the houses' through the village. The in-car GPS is sending directing motorists towards an old mining road with a uneven surface and half of them turn around instead of risking it. The signs took Mr Winfield five days to make and cost around £50 - he even made a stencil to copy the logos. Sat navs  are directing tourists to Old Pit Road (pictured), next to his house, one mile away from the coal mine. 'There was instantly a ninety percent reduction - it's amazing to think a 62-year-old year old man with a paint brush and a bicycle can effect a 90 percent reduction in traffic. 'Everyone in the street was really pleased with them but I had the forger's dilema because they thought the council were responsible.' He still sees four or five drivers trying to go around the back of the houses to reach the museum - but it has been much quieter since he made his signs. A council spokesman said: 'Having carried out further investigations it seems that some sat navs do direct people incorrectly via Forgeside. 'However, this mainly appears to be an issue with older models and we are currently designing signage to try and prevent this. 'These unauthorised signs have been inspected to ensure they don't create any hazards for road users and will be removed when our own signs are erected.'
What are the important parts of this article?