Preston North End goalkeeper Thorsten Stuckmann has claimed Wayne Rooney apologised for the 'dive' that won Manchester United a penalty during their FA Cup fifth-round tie. Rooney went down under a challenge by Stuckmann in the 88th minute, and the England captain scored the resulting penalty to seal the 3-1 win over their League One opposition on Monday night. Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker and Stan Collymore were among those criticising Rooney after replays showed there was no contact. Wayne Rooney touched the ball past Preston North End goalkeeper Thorsten Stuckman during the FA Cup tie. Rooney went down a moment after and several of the Preston players were unhappy with his actions. Rooney lies down on the ground before the penalty is given by referee Phil Dowd late on at Deepdale. Rooney scored from the spot-kick to put Manchester United 3-1 up on Monday night as they won the match. 'After the game Rooney told me: "Sorry, it was my chance to get a penalty. I had to use that",' Stuckmann told The Sun. England manager Roy Hodgson was forced to defend his captain and Stuckmann remains adamant it was an unfair call by referee Phil Dowd. 'I say it clear: That was no penalty,' the keeper added. 'I also believe that if the situation had happened the other way around, one of our strikers against the United keeper, the ref wouldn't have given the penalty. I have no doubt about that.' The goal was Rooney's first in 952 minutes since scoring twice in the 3-1 win over Newcastle United on Boxing Day, and United will now face Arsenal in the FA Cup quarter-finals. Gary Lineker wrote this on Twitter and discussed it further with England manager Roy Hodgson on BBC. Gary Lineker: Roy, he's your captain. Was he diving there? Roy Hodgson: No, not for me, he's just taking evasive action. If you're refereeing the game without the replays that we've seen now a number of times, I don't think any of us would have said that's not a penalty. The goalkeeper's come out that way very rashly and gone with both feet, and Wayne's touched the ball past him. Lineker: But he hasn't touched him Roy? Hodgson: Well...there you go. Kevin Kilbane: Well there’s no contact. It’s a rash challenge yes, but there’s no contact. He tries to leave his leg in there as well, just looking for it. Phil Neville: I think when the keeper’s flying in like that he has to get out of the way. And yeah you might say it’s a dive, but I think he had to get out of the way because if he had left his leg in there it’d have been a leg-breaker. Kilbane: It’s still a dive though. Neville: He had to dive to get out of the way, though. Kilbane: But it’s a dive, Phil. Neville: He had to get out of the way otherwise he’d have snapped his leg. Kilbane: He can hurdle the challenge though can’t he, and then continue his run. Neville: It’s a penalty for me – it’s a reckless challenge. Rooney (right) and Radamel Falcao watch on as they wait to kick off in the FA Cup against Preston. Louis van Gaal pictured during United's 3-1 win over Preston in the FA Cup fifth round at Deepdale.

Write highlights for this article.