Dulce de leche (Spanish: ( ˈdulθe ðe ˈletʃe); Portuguese: doce de leite IPA: (ˈdosi dʒi ˈlejtʃi) ) is a confection prepared by slowly heating sweetened milk to create a substance that derives its flavour from the Maillard reaction, also changing colour, with an appearance and flavour similar to caramel. Literally translated, it means "candy (made) of milk" or "sweet (made) of milk." Its origin is a highly debated topic and it is popular in most Latin American countries.

Based on this passage, what does dulce de leche mean in spanish? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: Literally translated, it means "candy (made) of milk" or "sweet (made) of milk."... The answer is `` candy ( made ) of milk '' or `` sweet ( made ) of milk . ''.


A hospital-acquired infection (HAI), also known as a nosocomial infection, is an infection that is acquired in a hospital or other health care facility. To emphasize both hospital and nonhospital settings, it is sometimes instead called a health care -- associated infection (HAI or HCAI). Such an infection can be acquired in hospital, nursing home, rehabilitation facility, outpatient clinic, or other clinical settings. Infection is spread to the susceptible patient in the clinical setting by various means. Health care staff can spread infection, in addition to contaminated equipment, bed linens, or air droplets. The infection can originate from the outside environment, another infected patient, staff that may be infected, or in some cases, the source of the infection can not be determined. In some cases the microorganism originates from the patient's own skin microbiota, becoming opportunistic after surgery or other procedures that compromise the protective skin barrier. Though the patient may have contracted the infection from their own skin, the infection is still considered nosocomial since it develops in the health care setting.

Infections that originate in hospitals are known as? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: A hospital-acquired infection (HAI), also known as a nosocomial infection, is an infection that is acquired in a hospital or other health care facility.... The answer is A hospital - acquired infection ( HAI ) , also known as a nosocomial infection.


The band is led by vocalist Ronnie Radke alongside lead guitarist Christian Thompson, rhythm guitarist Derek Jones, bassist Zakk Sandler and touring drummer Michael Levine. The group released its debut album, The Drug in Me Is You, on July 26, 2011, which peaked at No. 19 on the Billboard 200, selling 18,000 copies in its first week. The band's second studio album, Fashionably Late, was released on June 18, 2013, which peaked at No. 17 on the Billboard 200. The band released their third album Just Like You on February 24, 2015. Coming Home, their latest album, was released on April 7, 2017.

Answer this question based on the passage: who is the lead singer of falling in reverse? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
