By. Jennifer Newton. A rescue cat looks set to be crowned the world's oldest feline after her owners found proof she is a staggering 28-years-old. Pinky who was born in July 1986, which makes her 129 in human years, was taken in by her owners Ann and Bob Higginbottom as a four-month-old kitten and she has lived with the couple ever since in Dunston, Lincolnshire. The pair have documentation of early visits to vets, which prove that at 28-years-old Pinky could be officially the world's oldest cat. Pinky, who is celebrating her 28th birthday, which could make her the world's oldest cat poses next to her birthday cake. The Guinness Book of Records has a cat from Bournemouth called Poppy, listed as the world's oldest, but she died earlier this month aged 24 meaning Pinky could take the crown. Pinky and her brother Perky, who died 10 years ago, were rescued by Bob and Ann after being born on a farm and taken to an RSPCA rehoming centre. This was at a time when Top Gun was wowing cinema audiences, Margaret Thatcher was prime minister and Madonna was top of the charts. But these days Pinky now spends her time in the warmth of the couple's greenhouse at their new bungalow or sunning herself as she watches their ornamental Koi. Today retired caterer Mrs Higginbottom said that Pinky was now completely deaf and 'turning into an old lady'. Her owner, Ann Higginbottom of Dunston in Lincolnshire took in Pinky and her brother Perky, when they were just four-month-old kittens. The 73-year-old explained: 'We got her and Perky when they were just four months old. 'She is amazing really, completely deaf now as is to be expected, but her eyesight is still as sharp as ever. 'She is turning into an old lady now, she likes to sit by our Koi pond and just watch them as they swim about. 'She isn't interested in catching them any more, just likes to watch them. 'When we first got them they chose to live in the barn when we lived at the manor house. Mrs Higginbottom says she has proof of Pinky's age as she kept certificates from vets, showing when the cat had vaccinations. 'It was up to them, I imagine it was because they came from a farm and where used to living out there. 'Now she spends her time out in the greenhouse. 'She comes in and likes to be petted but that's just where she likes to be. She does not like being picked up, but nor do many cats.' The oldest cat ever, according to Guinness World Records, died in Texas, USA, in August 2005 at the age of 38 years. Mrs Higginbottom said that she and her husband were now looking to approach Guinness World Records with Pinky's certificates. Other cats have laid claim to the title, but their owners don't have any documentation to prove their pet is the oldest feline. Mrs Higginbottom said that she and retired quantity surveyor Mr Higginbottom, 87, were now looking to approach Guinness World Records with Pinky's certificates. She added: 'It would be incredible for Pinky to be recognised as the world's oldest cat and as far as we can see there is nothing stopping her being crowned that.'
What are the important parts of this article?