Information:  - InMe are an English alternative metal band from Brentwood, Essex, formed in 1996.  - Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s and 2000s. In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).  - Music for Nations is a British independent record label focusing mainly on rock and metal. It was a subsidiary of the larger label distributor Zomba Records, which in turn is now owned by BMG.  - `` Underdose '' is the first single by Essex alternative metal band InMe . It is the first track on their debut album , Overgrown Eden . The music video for `` Underdose '' features the band performing in an empty skatepark .  - Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by blues, rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.  - Overgrown Eden is the debut album from Essex alternative metal band InMe. The album was released in the UK on 30 January 2003. The album produced four singles before and after the album's release. The singles released were "Underdose", "Firefly", "Crushed like Fruit" and "Neptune". The album was re-released in its original format on 5 June 2006. This was due to getting the rights for "Overgrown Eden" from the now defunct record label Music for Nations. Due to the demise of MFN, this was the first and last album released by InMe on this record label.  - Alternative metal (also known as alt-metal) is a rock music genre that infuses heavy metal with influences from alternative rock and other genres not normally associated with metal. Alternative metal bands are often characterized by heavily downtuned, mid-paced guitar riffs, a mixture of accessible melodic vocals and harsh vocals and sometimes unconventional sounds within other heavy metal styles. The term has been in use since the 1980s, although it came into prominence in the 1990s.     Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'record label' with 'music for nations'.