A mother wrapped her newborn baby in plastic bags and tried to send the girl by courier to an orphanage, Chinese media reported. 
  
 The courier contacted the police after he noticed the bag was moving and then heard the baby’s cries coming from inside, The Beijing News reported. 
  
 The incident happened in Fuzhou in Fujian province on Wednesday afternoon, according to media reports. 
  
 The courier was quoted as saying that he wanted to check the bag when he first picked it up, but was told not to by the mother. 
  
 A video posted on The Beijing News’ website shows a crowd gathered around the baby as the courier waited for the authorities to arrive. 
  
 The girl was later sent to a hospital in Fuzhou. 
  
 Abandoned: Heartbreaking pictures of parents leaving their children in China’s notorious ‘baby hatches’ 
  
 A member of staff at the Jinan District Hospital confirmed to the South China Morning Post that they received a newborn girl on Wednesday that was found by the courier. He said the girl, born several days before, was in a sound condition. 
  
 The baby’s mother has been contacted by the hospital, but she and her husband have yet to arrive to claim the girl, The Beijing News said. 
  
 The mother, whose full name was not given, is 24 and comes from Sichuan province, according to a police statement released on Thursday. 
  
 Newborn Chinese baby abandoned and ‘buried for 8 days’ survives 
  
 She has been held by the police, accused of abandoning her baby, the statement said. 
  
 China’s laws stipulate that people abandoning children can be jailed for up to five years. 
  
 The incident has outraged internet users. 
  
 “Why should the baby be returned to her parents? To be abandoned a second time?” one person wrote. 
  
 Another said: “The child is lucky to be alive. Her parents should be punished ... the baby should be sent to the orphanage who will find parents to adopt her.” 
  
 Another person commenting agreed that the child should be sent to an orphanage. “If she gets returned to her parents, she might face even worse treatment. How heartbreaking.” ||||| Story highlights Courier discovered baby girl after picking up parcel 
  
 Hospital says baby's life "not in any danger" 
  
 Beijing (CNN) A 24-year-old woman is under police investigation in Fuzhou, China after she attempted to mail her newborn baby to an orphanage wrapped in plastic bags. 
  
 The baby is currently in a stable condition at a hospital in the southeastern city. Fuzhou police said in a statement Thursday the mother, surnamed Luo, was in custody for suspected child abandonment as investigations continue. 
  
 Luo placed the baby girl inside several black plastic bags Wednesday and then refused to let a courier inspect the contents of her package when he arrived to pick it up, local media reported. 
  
 The courier, already on his way for delivery, became suspicious when he detected movement and noises from inside the package -- and was shocked to find a live baby when he opened it, according to local media. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?