Write some highlights for the following article:

A 23-year-old online poker star has beaten the reigning World Series of Poker Player of the Year in a $1million buy-in charity poker tournament. Holden, Massachusetts, resident Daniel Colman won $15.3million on Tuesday in the Big One for One Drop poker event in Las Vegas. It's the second-largest payout in the series' history, behind only the $18million paid out in the inaugural Big One event in 2012. Mr Colman, a professional card player, refused to talk to reporters after winning the tournament, or even smile, according to The Las Vegas Sun. Daniel Colman of Massachusetts outlasted 41 other poker players to win this $15.3million pile of cash at the Big One for One Drop tournament in Las Vegas. Eventually he was persuaded to pose with his winnings and special bracelet, but declined every request for an interview to discuss how he outlasted 41 other players during the three-day event. He wouldn't even talk to ESPN, which is planning to air a six-hour documentary later this month chronicling his victory. Instead Mr Colman sped out of the Rio's Amazon Room within five minutes of the high point of his short career, accompanied by Olivier Busquet and Haralados Voulgaris, high-rolling gamblers presumed to have bankrolled part of his buy-in, the paper reported. Mr Colman, or one of his handlers, apparently said as they rushed out the door that he had 'no interest in promoting poker.' Daniel Negreanu, the famed poker player and Canada native who took second place at the tournament, discussed the event afterward. Just two months ago Mr Colman had just $350,000 in live tournament earnings to his name. Now he's earned more than $18million, the fourth-most any American has made playing poker, according to the Hendon Mob poker database. 'Really he’s a class act, a good kid and I really like the way he plays,' said Daniel Negreanu, the famed poker player and Canada native whom Mr Colman bested, according to Card Player. 'He plays a lot different than a lot of the other young kids, because he’s a lot more careful.' Mr Negreanu took home $8million for his second-place finish. In a 2013 interview with HUSNG.com, Mr Colman said he almost gave up poker the year before to pursue his education. 'Summer of 2012, I was making plans to go back to college and give up poker, but I messed up my applications and then ultimately decided to give poker one last go around,' he said. 'It was winter in Montreal and I was playing every single day. After that, I moved to Rio de Janiero where I definitely didn’t play as much, and now I am back in Montreal in the summer when the weather is nice so my grind isn’t ideal here, but it’s still pretty good.  I’ve also made a lot of trips to Vegas, New York, and back home in Massachusetts, as well as one trip to Sweden for a week.' The Big One tournament raised $4.6million for the One Drop Foundation, a nonprofit created by Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Laliberte and dedicated to providing clean water to developing countries. The event attracts businessmen and poker professionals alike.

Highlights: