Please write a short summary for the following article:

National Express reveals second takeover approach as FirstGroup drops bid

By Louise Armitstead and Ben Harrington Published: 9:32PM BST 22 Jul 2009

In a dramatic skirmish after the markets closed on Wednesday, FirstGroup said it had decided not to make a formal offer, citing "uncertainties" surrounding its rival's UK rail franchises.

An hour later National Express said it had "received an approach in connection with a possible offer for the group from another third party whose intentions are not yet known".

Sources speculated that interested parties could include Stagecoach, the Scottish travel firm; SNCF, the French operator; as well as Deutsche Bahn of Germany.

FirstGroup, which runs First Great Western and is also Britain's biggest bus operator, said National Express had sought a "put-up-or-shut-up" ruling by the Takeover Panel.

Sir Moir Lockhead, deputy chairman and chief executive of FirstGroup, said: "In making a preliminary approach to the board of National Express, our intention was to enter discussions with a view to seeking a recommended merger that would create a significant British transport group, in a stronger position to compete with state-run companies across Europe.

"We believe this combination would have offered a highly compelling proposition to both sets of shareholders."

On Wednesday's closing prices, a combination of the two transport companies would have created a business worth £2.14bn.

The removal of FirstGroup's bid interest adds to the pressure on National Express to embark on a rights issue to relieve the burden of its £1.2bn debt pile. Analysts believe National Express, which had a market value of £400m before the approach, needs to raise about £400m from investors.

Three weeks ago FirstGroup made a "very preliminary" all-share offer for National Express. Days later, National Express was rocked when the Government announced plans to nationalise the company's flagship East Coast Mainline rail franchise. The company said it would run out of money to operate the service by the end of the year. Richard Bowker, the company's chief executive, resigned at the same time.

Mr Bowker won the East Coast franchise in 2007. However, by agreeing in the terms of the deal that National Express would pay £1.4bn to the Government for the right to operate the franchise for eight years, he was blamed for putting unmanageable strain on the company's finances.

National Express said it had already sounded out shareholders about a possible rights issue before FirstGroup's approach.

Although the response was said to be tepid at the time, banking sources believe that without the problematic franchise, National Express may need to raise only £250m, which may be more acceptable to shareholders.

FirstGroup is now barred from bidding for National Express for another six months unless a rival bid emerges, the target's board agrees to a deal or if there is a "material change" in circumstances.

National Express shares closed down 1 at 310¼p and FirstGroup closed up 2½ at 344¾p.

Summary: