The Packers started hot and never looked back, cruising to an easy win over the Eagles, who were tied for the best record in the NFL. The Packers took the ball and went 75 yards, with the big play being Aaron Rodgers hooking up with Jordy Nelson for 65 yards. However, two incomplete passes forced the Packers to settle for a 27-yard Mason Crosby field goal. After an Eagles punt, the Packers stormed 88 yards in 13 plays, taking 6:47 off the clock, ending with Rodgers connecting with DaVante Adams for a 6-yard touchdown pass. Rodgers continued to show that the Eagles' secondary was no match. The Eagles went three-and-out on their next drive, but this time Micah Hyde returned the punt 75 yards for a touchdown, extending the Packers lead to 17-0 in the first quarter. The Eagles finally managed points on their next drive, going 44 yards in 10 plays before Cody Parkey hit a 33-yard field goal with 13:08 remaining in the half. Unfortunately, for the Eagles, there was no stopping Aaron Rodgers. The Packers advanced 80 yards in only 6 plays, with Rodgers throwing for 60 yard on the drive, including the 27-yard touchdown pass to Jordy Nelson. The Eagles offense continued to sputter, punting on their next possession. The Packers continued their utter domination, moving to the Eagles 19 yard-line, but Malcolm Jenkins was flagged for pass interference in the end zone, moving the ball to the 1 yard-line. Eddie Lacy took it in on the very next play(the Packers two-point conversion attempt was unsuccessful) and the Packers led 30-3 with just 2:00 minutes left in the half. On their next drive, the Eagles managed to move 65 yards and Cody Parkey hit his second field goal of the half, trimming the score to 30-6 at halftime. The Eagles drove into Packer territory on their first possession of the second half, but Mark Sanchez lost a fumble that was recovered by Nick Perry. The Packers punted for the first time all night on their next drive, but the Eagles did nothing, punting themselves. The Packers proceeded to march 48 yards and Crosby was successful from 33 yards away, giving the Packers a 33-6 lead. On the following drive Mark Sanchez continued to give up the ball, with defensive end Julius Peppers returning an interception 52 yards for a touchdown making the score 39-6(Crosby's PAT was blocked). Sanchez drove the Eagles 80 yards, hitting Jordan Matthews 10 yards for a touchdown, closing the gap to 39-13. Rodgers responded by hitting Lacy 32 yards for a touchdown on a screen pass. Sanchez threw his second interception of the night on the next possession, but Crosby missed a field goal. Once again Sanchez turned it over (this time on a fumble), and Casey Hayward returned it 49 yards for a touchdown, making the score a humiliating, 53-13. Sanchez hit Jeremy Maclin for a 20-yard touchdown pass on the next Eagle possession, to close the scoring, giving the Packers a 53-20 victory. The Packers out gained the Eagles 475-429, but four turnovers (all by Sanchez) buried the Eagles.

Answer this question based on the article: How many points were the Packers leading by at halftime?