Information:  - The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (the LDS Church or, informally, the Mormon Church) is a Christian restorationist church that is considered by its followers to be the restoration of the original church founded by Jesus Christ. The church is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, and has established congregations and built temples worldwide. According to the church, it has over 74,000 missionaries and a membership of over 15 million. It is ranked by the National Council of Churches as the fourth-largest Christian denomination in the United States. It is the largest denomination in the Latter Day Saint movement founded by Joseph Smith during the period of religious revival known as the Second Great Awakening.  - The David M. Kennedy Center for International Studies provides international study and service opportunities for students at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) . The center offers six interdisciplinary studies programs : Ancient Near East Studies , Asian Studies , European Studies , International Relations , Latin American Studies , and Middle Eastern Studies / Arabic . The center also holds conferences , seminars , and weekly forums on international issues designed to prepare students for international careers .  - Brigham Young University (often referred to as BYU or, colloquially, The Y) is a private research university in Provo, Utah, United States. It is owned and operated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and excluding online students, is the largest of any religious university and the third largest private university in the United States, with 29,672 on-campus students. Approximately 99 percent of the students are members of the LDS Church, and one-third of its US students are from Utah.  - Provo is the third-largest city in the U.S. state of Utah, located south of Salt Lake City along the Wasatch Front. Provo is the largest city and county seat of Utah County. It lies between the cities of Orem to the north and Springville to the south. With a population at the 2010 census of 112,488, Provo is the principal city in the Provo-Orem metropolitan area, which had a population of 526,810 residents at the 2010 census. It is the third-largest metropolitan area in Utah after Salt Lake City and Ogden-Clearfield.  - Brigham Young (June 1, 1801August 29, 1877) was an American leader in the Latter Day Saint movement and a settler of the Western United States. He was the second President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1847 until his death in 1877. He founded Salt Lake City and he served as the first governor of the Utah Territory. Young also led the foundings of the precursors to the University of Utah and Brigham Young University.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'david m. kennedy center for international studies'.  Choices: - clearfield  - north  - of  - provo  - salt  - university  - utah
The answer to this question is: