Both political confabs should inspire us all

Whether you're a Democrat or a Republican, you should appreciate the important role that presidential nominating conventions play. As a political Independent, I certainly do.

By H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

Former president Bill Clinton addresses the Democratic convention Wednesday night.

By H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

Former president Bill Clinton addresses the Democratic convention Wednesday night.

I was interested in nearly everything and inspired and sometimes entertained by much of what I saw or heard from Tampa last week and Charlotte this week. Now we're in for lots of fact and some fiction before the November election.

As an Independent, I find it equally challenging to watch the players on both political teams.

Looking back at Charlotte and Tampa, aside from the two candidates and their spouses, Bill Clinton clearly stole the show.

The most remarkable thing about him is that he's made many or most of us forget or forgive about his sex scandal with Monica Lewinsky while he was in the White House.

For the Democrats, aside from President Obama himself, Clinton clearly is the person who can deliver the most votes.

On the Republican side, Mitt Romney must pretty much do it by himself. With former president George W. Bush staying on the sidelines (he was barely mentioned in Tampa), there is no other GOP personality who can make major contributions for Romney.

No matter how the immediate post-convention chatter shapes up, you should keep your eyes and ears on the presidential campaign. Nothing else — not even the start of the football season or the upcoming Major League Baseball playoffs and World Series— should steal you from following political developments.

If you're a dedicated Democrat or rabid Republican and your mind is already made up, too bad. You may miss out on much of the most interesting and sometimes entertaining stuff on the air or in print for the next two months.

"The conventions showed a clear contrast. Democrats offered excuses and attacks at their convention. Mitt Romney and Republicans offered a plan to create jobs and strengthen the middle class."

—Reince Priebus, chairman, Republican National Committee

"Good for you, Al. John Kennedy Jr. used to say 'politics is the only game for grownups.' I'll be rooting for the Washington Nationals. But more important, the American people will focus on choosing the right people to send to Washington to run our government."

—Paul Begala, political commentator, CNN

, visit our FAQ's. To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor

. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to

. Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to

USA TODAY is now using Facebook Comments on our stories and blog posts to provide an enhanced user experience. To post a comment, log into Facebook and then "Add" your comment. To report spam or abuse, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find out more, read the
What are the most important parts of this text?