Article: Alcohol damages the liver by blocking its ability to process carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. When these things build up in damaging levels in the liver, the body may react with reactive inflammation that leads to hepatitis, fibrosis, and cirrhosis. However, excessive alcohol use is not sufficient to promote alcoholic liver disease. Only 1 in 5 heavy drinkers develop alcoholic hepatitis, and 1 in 4 develops cirrhosis.  Men are considered "heavy drinkers" if they have 15 or more drinks in a given week. Women are considered "heavy" drinkers with 8 or more drinks per week.  You can still develop cirrhosis after you've stopped drinking. However, alcohol abstinence is still recommended for all people with cirrhosis. It will help treatment and healing, no matter what stage of the disease you're in.  While cirrhosis is more common in men, cirrhosis in women is more likely to result from alcoholism. The chronic liver inflammation and injury from either virus can, over several decades, develop into cirrhosis.  Risk factors for hepatitis B include unprotected sex, blood transfusions, and injection drug use with contaminated needles. This is a lot less prevalent in the US and other developed countries due to vaccinations. Risk factors for hepatitis C include infections from injection drug use, blood transfusions, and body piercing and tattoos. Cirrhosis from hepatitis C is the most common reason for liver transplants. In 15-30% of people with cirrhosis, diabetes is a risk factor for developing "non-alcoholic steatohepatitis" (NASH). Diabetes is also common in chronic hepatitis C infections — a common cause of cirrhosis — likely because of decreased pancreas function.  Another cirrhosis cause that's often correlated with diabetes is hemochromatosis. This condition is characterized by iron deposits in the skin,  heart, joints, and pancreas. The pancreatic buildup leads to diabetes. Obesity presents a wide variety of health concerns, from type 2 diabetes and heart disease to arthritis and stroke. But, the excess fat in the liver causes inflammation and damage that could develop into non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.  To determine whether you are within a healthy weight range, take advantage of an online BMI (body mass index) calculator.  A BMI calculation takes into consideration your age, height, gender, and weight. If you have an autoimmune disease like inflammatory bowel disease, rheumatoid arthritis, or thyroid disease, be cautious. While they don't directly contribute to cirrhosis, they increase the risk of complications in other disorders that do lead to it. Heart disease is a risk factor for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis leading to cirrhosis. Furthermore, heart disease related to right-sided heart failure can cause liver congestion (nutmeg liver) and cardiac cirrhosis. Certain types of liver disease that cause cirrhosis have a pattern of genetic inheritance. Look at your family's medical history for diseases that put you at an increased risk for cirrhosis:  Hereditary hemosiderosis  Wilson's disease  Alpha-1 antitrypsin (AAT) deficiency

What is a summary?