Q:Information:  - Reinhard Haupenthal ( born February 17 , 1945 ) is a German Esperantist , Volapükist ( or Volapükologist ) , translator , and linguist . Donald J. Harlow described Haupenthal 's personal style in a warning to potential readers of Haupenthal 's translation of Goethe 's Young Werther : `` the vocabulary used by Haupenthal is far from standard , and at times the Esperanto verges on the incomprehensible . ''  - An Esperantist is a person who speaks or uses Esperanto. If its meaning corresponded with its full etymology, an Esperantist would be someone who supports or specializes in those who hope (from Esperanto "esperanto" "a hoping one", "someone who hopes", from "esperi" "to hope"). Although definitions of "Esperantist" vary, according to the Declaration of Boulogne ("Deklaracio pri la esenco de Esperantismo", declaration about the essence of esperantism), a document agreed at the first World Congress of Esperanto, an Esperantist is someone who speaks Esperanto and uses it for any purpose. An Esperantist is also a person who participates in Esperanto culture.  - The Declaration of Boulogne (full name: "Deklaracio pri la esenco de Esperantismo", declaration about the essence of Esperantism) was a document written by L. L. Zamenhof and endorsed by the attendees of the first World Congress of Esperanto in Boulogne-sur-Mer, France in 1905. It defined "Esperantism" as a movement to promote the widespread use of Esperanto as a supplement to natural languages in international and inter-ethnic contexts, not as a substitute for them within their proper realm. It declared that the Esperanto movement as such is politically and religiously neutral. It noted that Esperanto is in the public domain and anyone can use it however they like, as the creator of the language resigned his rights to it at the beginning. It said that the only obligatory authority for Esperanto speakers is the "Fundamento de Esperanto" (a collection of the early grammar, dictionary and sample text documents), which all speakers of the language are recommended to imitate for the sake of stability in the language.   - A volapükologist is a person whose scientific interest is Volapük or who learns the language for hobby reasons.  - Volapük (in English; in Volapük) is a constructed language, created in 18791880 by Johann Martin Schleyer, a Roman Catholic priest in Baden, Germany. Schleyer felt that God had told him in a dream to create an international language. Volapük conventions took place in 1884 (Friedrichshafen), 1887 (Munich) and 1889 (Paris). The first two conventions used German, and the last conference used only Volapük. In 1889, there were an estimated 283 clubs, 25 periodicals in or about Volapük, and 316 textbooks in 25 languages; at that time the language claimed nearly a million adherents. Volapük was largely displaced in the late 19th and early 20th centuries by Esperanto.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'country of citizenship' with the subject 'reinhard haupenthal'.  Choices: - france  - germany
A: