Quick Question: Context: Daylight saving time in the United States is the practice of setting the clock forward by one hour during the warmer part of the year, so that evenings have more daylight and mornings have less. Most areas of the United States observe daylight saving time (DST), the exceptions being Arizona (except for the Navajo, who do observe daylight saving time on tribal lands), Hawaii, and the overseas territories of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands. The Uniform Time Act of 1966 established the system of uniform Daylight Saving Time throughout the US.

Question: states that do not have daylight saving time?
My answer: To answer this question, we should know that: Most areas of the United States observe daylight saving time (DST), the exceptions being Arizona (except for the Navajo, who do observe daylight saving time on tribal lands), Hawaii, and the overseas territories of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands. The answer is Arizona ( except for the Navajo , who do observe daylight saving time on tribal lands ) , Hawaii.

Quick Question: Context: When not used fresh, the rhizomes are boiled in water for about 30 -- 45 minutes and then dried in hot ovens, after which they are ground into a deep-orange-yellow powder commonly used as a coloring and flavoring agent in many Asian cuisines, especially for curries, as well as for dyeing. Turmeric powder has a warm, bitter, pepper-like flavor and earthy, mustard-like aroma.

Question: which part of the plant turmeric is obtained?
My answer: The relevant sentence in the passage is: When not used fresh, the rhizomes are boiled in water for about 30 -- 45 minutes and then dried in hot ovens, after which they are ground into a deep-orange-yellow powder commonly used as a coloring and flavoring agent in many Asian cuisines, especially for curries, as well as for dyeing. The answer is the rhizomes.

Quick Question: Phoebe was originally portrayed as the "free-spirited", "carefree", and most rebellious sister. However, Phoebe's progression as a witch helps her become more responsible and grow as a person. She later becomes the middle sister after Prue dies and the series introduces their younger half-sister Paige Matthews (Rose McGowan). This results in Phoebe often playing mediator between Piper and Paige, much like Piper used to be for her and Prue. Phoebe's various romantic relationships have been central to most of her storylines. Her longest on-screen relationship is with half-demon Cole Turner (Julian McMahon); they have a turbulent marriage in the fourth season, and in the fifth, following their divorce, she is compelled to vanquish him. In subsequent seasons, Phoebe has romantic relationships with her boss Jason Dean (Eric Dane), fellow employee Leslie St. Claire (Nick Lachey), and artist Dex Lawson (Jason Lewis). In the eighth and final season, she marries a cupid named Coop (Victor Webster).

Based on this passage, who does phoebe from charmed end up with?
My answer: