Article:

SCOTTSVILLE, Ky. (WKRN) – A 38-year-old man was arrested in the murder of a young girl in Kentucky. 
  
 Kentucky State Police said Friday that Timothy Madden is now facing charges of kidnapping, rape, sodomy and murder in Gabriella “Gabbi” Doolin’s death. 
  
 The 7-year-old was reported missing at 7:40 p.m. during a little league game at Allen County Scottsville High School and found dead at 8:05 p.m. in a small stream of water nearby. 
  
 According to an arrest warrant, Gabbi was raped, manually strangled, and drowned. 
  
 “Biological evidence,” or DNA, found on her body is what led police to Madden, the warrant states. 
  
 Madden is being held on $1 million bond in the Barren County jail. Authorities said he is being housed alone at the jail. 
  
 News 2 cameras were rolling as Madden was led to a sheriff deputy’s car Friday afternoon. When asked what he had to say, Madden replied, “I’m sorry for their loss but I’m innocent.” 
  
 “Ever since we got the call last Saturday night, the people who work for the state police, along with the people from the Allen County Sheriff’s Department and the Scottsville Police Department have worked tirelessly to bring this matter to the point where we are today,” said Captain John Clark with Kentucky State Police. 
  
 A source confirmed to News 2 that Madden is a local father of five children and attended high school with victim’s father, who is the same age. The source also said he was sitting near the family the night of her disappearance. 
  
 The investigation is ongoing. Kentucky State Police asked for the community to continue to pray for the Doolin family. 
  
 Friday night, the Scottsville Police Department said on Facebook the Doolin family donated flowers and food in the wake of Madden’s arrest. 
  
 “We are in disbelief to the kindness they have shown us as they are going through so much that we can never comprehend,” the department wrote. “Our personal message to them: We respect your tact, grace, and faith as you go through the most painfully difficult times in your lives. Our prayers and hearts are with you all. We will never understand the magnitude of your grief, but we do grieve and hurt with you.” 
  
 There will be a hearing for Timothy Madden on Monday, Nov. 23. ||||| Timothy Madden (Photo: Barren Co. Jail) 
  
 ALLEN CO., Ky. (WHAS11) -- Kentucky State Police have arrested a suspecty in the murder of 7-year-old Gabriella "Gabbi" Doolin. 
  
 Timmy Madden,38, of Allen County, has been arrested and charged with kidnapping, rape, sodomy, and murder. His bond is set at $1M. 
  
 The child's body was found in a creek in Allen County 25 minutes after she was reported missing from a football game. 
  
 Autopsy results revealed her cause of death was manual strangulation and drowning. 
  
 The KSP lab determined the DNA collected from the victim matched the DNA of Timmy Madden. 
  
 RELATED: 7-year-old found in creek after reported missing 
  
 RELATED: Community rallies around family after 7-year-old's murder 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://on.whas11.com/1HcVrLP |||||
What is a summary?