Looks Like America

In a Cabinet designed to look like America, Zoe Baird, the Attorney General-designate, has the bearing and credentials of what America would like to look like. Personable and smart, experienced in the ways of the Justice Department and White House, Ms. Baird more than vindicates President-elect Clinton's determination to put a woman at the head of the Federal legal establishment.

After weeks of churning, Mr. Clinton has succeeded in assembling a Cabinet of rare, welcome diversity. Just how rare can be judged by comparing it with President Bush's performance. Of 16 positions in the Cabinet, 11 are now held by white men, 3 by women, 1 by a black man and 1 by a Hispanic man. Of 16 nominees to Mr. Clinton's cabinet, 7 are white men, 4 are women, 4 are black (1 is a black woman) and 2 are Hispanic.

Diversity, while it demonstrates respect for minority Americans, does not by itself assure distinction. Starting with Ms. Baird, the appointees Mr. Clinton announced yesterday give promise of capable public service.

For instance, environmentalists were disappointed that Tim Wirth, a longtime champion of environmental causes, was passed over for Interior and Energy. But they can only be pleased with the appointment of Bruce Babbitt, the former Governor of Arizona and witty candidate for the 1988 Democratic Presidential nomination, as Secretary of the Interior.

Federico Pena, designated as Transportation Secretary, brings experience as the Mayor of Denver who fought for construction of a massive new airport. Mickey Kantor, Mr. Clinton's campaign chairman, has had no special experience to qualify him as U.S. trade representative. But like Carla Hills, Mr. Bush's choice who has performed brilliantly, he is a shrewd lawyer and negotiator who knows politics and public service.

The most impressive nomination yesterday was Ms. Baird's. In a field long dominated by men, she has more than held her own. She was comfortable in male-dominated law environments when she rendered scholarly advice to the White House and practicing at high levels of corporate law.

Ms. Baird has the added advantage of being neither the President's crony nor sycophant. Compare that with the Attorneys General -- all of them -- of the Reagan-Bush years. William French Smith looked and acted like a society lawyer. Edwin Meese looked and acted like a harsh partisan. Richard Thornburgh looked promising but acted like a candidate for high office. And William Barr, the incumbent short-timer, has pandered eagerly to the White House.

A decade ago, Mr. Smith defaulted on his duty to defend the Internal Revenue Service's right to deny tax exemptions to racially discriminatory schools. Ms. Baird was part of the team of private lawyers that stepped in and successfully did that job as friend of the court.

She will inherit a department with strong traditions but whose professionals have been short-changed in recent years for want of principled leadership. Mr. Clinton has made a wise choice for Justice, as he has made a wide choice for diversity.
What are the most important parts of this text?