Q: The third season premiered on April 7, 2018. The third season's first opening theme is "Odd Future" by Uverworld and the first ending theme is "Update" (アップデート) by miwa. The third season's second opening theme is "Make my Story" by Lenny Code Fiction and the second ending theme is "Long Hope Philia" (ロング ホープ ・ フィリア) by Masaki Suda.

Answer this question based on the passage: when does boku no hero academia season 3 start?
A: April 7 , 2018. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: The third season premiered on April 7, 2018.

Q: The 1755 Lisbon earthquake, also known as the Great Lisbon earthquake, occurred in the Kingdom of Portugal on the morning of Saturday, 1 November, the holy day of All Saints' Day, at around 09: 40 local time. In combination with subsequent fires and a tsunami, the earthquake almost totally destroyed Lisbon and adjoining areas. Seismologists today estimate the Lisbon earthquake had a magnitude in the range 8.5 -- 9.0 on the moment magnitude scale, with its epicentre in the Atlantic Ocean about 200 km (120 mi) west-southwest of Cape St. Vincent. Estimates place the death toll in Lisbon alone between 10,000 and 100,000 people, making it one of the deadliest earthquakes in history.

What was the magnitude of the lisbon earthquake?
A: 8.5 -- 9.0. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: Seismologists today estimate the Lisbon earthquake had a magnitude in the range 8.5 -- 9.0 on the moment magnitude scale, with its epicentre in the Atlantic Ocean about 200 km (120 mi) west-southwest of Cape St. Vincent.

Q: The Federal Government of the United States (U.S. Federal Government) is the national government of the United States, a republic in North America, composed of 50 states, one district, Washington, D.C. (the nation's capital), and several territories. The federal government is composed of three distinct branches: legislative, executive, and judicial, whose powers are vested by the U.S. Constitution in the Congress, the President, and the federal courts, respectively. The powers and duties of these branches are further defined by acts of Congress, including the creation of executive departments and courts inferior to the Supreme Court.

Based on this passage, what form of government does the united states use?
A: a republic. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: The Federal Government of the United States (U.S. Federal Government) is the national government of the United States, a republic in North America, composed of 50 states, one district, Washington, D.C. (the nation's capital), and several territories.

Q: In aerobic organisms the energy needed to fuel biological functions is produced in the mitochondria via the electron transport chain. In addition to energy, reactive oxygen species (ROS) with the potential to cause cellular damage are produced. ROS can damage lipid, DNA, RNA, and proteins, which, in theory, contributes to the physiology of aging.

Answer this question based on the passage: where are reactive oxygen species produced in the body?
A: