Summarize the following:
You don't have to go this road alone. Even if you don't make business partnerships with your loved ones (which can be a smart idea), you can lean on these people in the beginning (and later, when times are hard). Family and friends can offer powerful emotional support during your entrepreneurial journey. When you're stressed to your limit, this support can make the difference between pushing yourself to succeed and throwing into the well.  Talk to your family and make sure they agree with your overall business plan, because you may, at times, have to tax your family's resources, time, money, health, and nerves. It's only fair that they know what they're getting in to. After becoming the boss in your business life, you may feel the temptation to become bossy at home, too. Don't act on this temptation. Keep your business concerns and your family concerns separate - make a rule that you won't discuss your business at dinner, for instance. Having sound knowledge of commercial law (especially contract law, tax law, and the legal requirements for running a small business) is a valuable skill for an entrepreneur to have. If possible, it's a great idea to familiarize yourself with these areas of law, before starting your business. If you're truly confident in these areas of law, you can save money, you, otherwise may have had to spend on legal counsel. You'll also spare yourself from serious headaches when trying to decipher complex business and tax documents.  However, if you're  not  familiar with the law, get help. The money you spend on a lawyer can save you many times your initial investment, for instance, by preventing you from getting into damaging contracts. If you lose your health, you may lose it all. A healthy body, mind, and soul are vital to success as a business owner. Especially in the beginning, the hours may be  very  long and the work may be  very  hard. Still, you should always try to devote reasonable amounts of time to exercise, sleep, and "down-time." Treat these things with the value they deserve - they keep you healthy and sane. Remember, if you're incapacitated, you can't run your business. Try to get income protection insurance, especially if your job is one with a risk of injury - a self-employed person cannot afford to lose income to this possibility. Do all things in moderation. Live life with a sense of balance, even when you're starting a business with barely a cent in the bank.  Losing your perspective in life will make you poorer in the long run (emotionally - not necessarily financially), so it's never a risk worth taking.  Never miss a night’s sleep. Don't work yourself to death. Always devote time to your family, your hobbies, and, of course, yourself. Your life should be a source of joy and passion - not just an opportunity to work. Additionally, you should never rely on drugs to aid your performance ability or to replace your regular healthy eating and exercise plans.  This will, in the long run, break you down and cause you to make irrational, emotional decisions which are never a good thing in business.