Q: The Devil Rays played their first game on March 31, 1998 against the Detroit Tigers at Tropicana Field before a crowd of 45,369. Wilson Álvarez threw the first pitch and Wade Boggs hit the first home run in team history that day. Despite losing their opening game 11 -- 6, the team actually got off to a respectable start and were 11 -- 8 after 19 before losing six straight and falling below. 500. They would go on to lose 99 games that year. One of the first memorable moments in franchise history occurred on August 7, 1999 when Wade Boggs tallied his 3000th career hit, the first player to do so with a home run. Boggs retired after the season and was the first Ray with his number retired. He was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2005.

Answer this question: who had the first hit in tampa bay rays history?
A: Wade Boggs. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: Wilson Álvarez threw the first pitch and Wade Boggs hit the first home run in team history that day.

Q: Since 1947, there have been 14 different prime ministers. The first few decades after 1947 saw the Indian National Congress' (INC) almost complete domination over the political map of India. India's first prime minister -- Jawaharlal Nehru -- took oath on 15 August 1947. Nehru went on to serve as prime minister for 17 consecutive years, winning four general elections in the process. His tenure ended in May 1964, on his death. After the death of Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri -- a former home minister and a leader of the Congress party -- ascended to the position of prime minister. Shastri's tenure saw the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. Shashtri subsequently died of a reported heart attack in Tashkent, after signing the Tashkent Declaration.

Based on this passage, who was the first prime minester of india?
A: Jawaharlal Nehru. How to explain the answer? The relevant sentence in the passage is: India's first prime minister -- Jawaharlal Nehru -- took oath on 15 August 1947.

Q: Passage: Douglas Park is a large Chicago Park District park that serves as a cultural and community center on the West Side of Chicago, Illinois. It is named after the U.S. Senator Stephen A. Douglas. Originally named South Park, its 173 acres (0.70 km) are in the North Lawndale community area with an official address of 1401 S. Sacramento Drive.

Question: Based on this passage, who is douglas park in chicago named after?
A: the U.S. Senator Stephen A. Douglas. How to explain the answer? To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: It is named after the U.S. Senator Stephen A. Douglas.

Q: This series was the last to be broadcast on BBC One, as the production company Love Productions opted to move the show to Channel 4. It was also the last series on the show for Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc, as they decided to leave as presenters of the show. It is also the last series of the show to feature Mary Berry as a judge. This series was won by Candice Brown, with Andrew Smyth and Jane Beedle finishing as runners-up.

Answer this question based on the passage: who won series 7 of great british bake off?
A: