Question: Information:  - The Nigerian Armed Forces are the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Its origins lie in the elements of the Royal West African Frontier Force that became Nigerian when independence was granted in 1960. In 1956 the Nigeria Regiment of the Royal West African Frontier Force (RWAFF) was renamed the Nigerian Military Forces, RWAFF, and in April 1958 the colonial government of Nigeria took over from the British War Office control of the Nigerian Military Forces.  - Avondale Shipyard was an independent shipbuilding company, acquired by Litton Industries, in turn acquired by Northrop Grumman Corporation. In 2011, along with the former Ingalls Shipbuilding, the yard was part of Huntington Ingalls Industries.  - Abraham Alfonse Albert Gallatin (January 29, 1761  August 12, 1849) was a Swiss-American politician, diplomat, ethnologist and linguist. He served as a Representative, Senator, United States Ambassador and was the longest-serving United States Secretary of the Treasury. In 1831, he helped found the University of the City of New York, now New York University.  - NNS Okpabana is a Hamilton - class high endurance cutter which formerly served with the U.S. Coast Guard as USCGC Gallatin ( WHEC - 721 ) . Built at Avondale Shipyards near New Orleans , Louisiana , Gallatin was named for Albert Gallatin , the fourth and longest serving United States Secretary of the Treasury . Gallatin completed its final patrol 11 December 2013 and will be decommissioned in 2014 before being transferred to the Nigerian Navy .  - The Nigerian Navy (NN) is a branch of the Nigerian Armed Forces. The Nigerian Navy is among the largest Navies on the African continent, consisting of several thousand personnel, including those of the Coast Guard.  - New York University (NYU) is a private nonprofit research university based in New York City. Founded in 1831, NYU is considered one of the world's most influential research universities. University rankings compiled by "Times Higher Education", "U.S. News & World Report", and the "Academic Ranking of World Universities" all rank NYU amongst the top 32 universities in the world. NYU is a fundamental part of the creativity, energy and vibrancy that is Manhattan, located with its core in Greenwich Village, and its campuses based throughout New York City. NYU is also a world-class university, operating NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU Shanghai, and 11 global academic centers in Accra, Berlin, Buenos Aires, Florence, London, Madrid, Paris, Prague, Sydney, Tel Aviv, and Washington, D.C.  - Ingalls Shipbuilding is a shipyard located in Pascagoula, Mississippi, United States, originally established in 1938, and is now part of Huntington Ingalls Industries. It is a leading producer of ships for the United States Navy, and at 12,500 employees and going to hire 1,500 more employees, the largest private employer in Mississippi.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'operator' with the subject 'nns okpabana'.  Choices: - aires  - nigeria  - united states navy
Answer: