Information:  - Hoobastank (often stylized as hbastank) is an American rock band, formed in 1994 in Agoura Hills, California with lead singer Doug Robb, guitarist Dan Estrin, drummer Chris Hesse, and original bassist Markku Lappalainen. They were signed to Island Records from 2001 to 2012 and have released five albums and one extended play to date. Their sixth studio album, "Fight or Flight", was released on September 11, 2012. They have sold 10 million albums worldwide. The band is best known for their singles "Crawling in the Dark", "Running Away", and "The Reason".  - Island Records is a Jamaican-English record label that operates as a division of the Universal Music Group (UMG). It was founded by Chris Blackwell, Graeme Goodall and Leslie Kong in Jamaica in 1959. Blackwell sold the label to PolyGram in 1989. Both Island and another label recently acquired byPolyGram, A&M Records, were both at the time the largest independent record labels in history, with Island in particular having exerted a major influence on the progressive UK music scene in the early 1970s.   - California is the most populous state in the United States and the third most extensive by area. Located on the western (Pacific Ocean) coast of the U.S., California is bordered by the other U.S. states of Oregon, Nevada, and Arizona and shares an international border with the Mexican state of Baja California. The state capital is Sacramento. Los Angeles is California's most populous city, and the country's second largest after New York City. The state also has the nation's most populous county, Los Angeles County, and its largest county by area, San Bernardino County.  - "Crawling in the Dark" is the first single by the American rock band Hoobastank. Also the first single released from their major-label debut, "Hoobastank".  - "Running Away" is a single recorded by Hoobastank. It was the third single released from the 2001 self-titled debut album Hoobastank.  The song peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart and became the highest charting single from the album and one of Hoobastank's biggest hits. It is also featured on "Now That's What I Call Music! 11".  - The Target is an EP released by Hoobastank in 2002 . It features three original tracks not heard on other Hoobastank recordings , as well as acoustic versions of four songs from the band 's original self - titled release .  - An EP (short for extended play) is a musical recording that contains more tracks than a single, but is usually unqualified as an album or LP. An EP originally referred to specific types of vinyl records other than 78 rpm standard play (SP) and LP, but it is now applied to mid-length CDs and downloads as well.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'instance of' with the subject 'the target '.  Choices: - album  - area  - band  - billboard  - country  - division  - extended play  - five  - history  - island  - label  - music  - musical  - nation  - ocean  - rock  - rock band  - running  - single  - song  - standard  - state  - studio album