Q:Information:  - Harald Wohlfahrt ( 7 November 1955 in Loffenau ) is a German chef . In 2005 he was awarded the Bundesverdienstkreuz . He is often rated as the best German chef and amongst the finest in Europe . His restaurant , Die Schwarzwaldstube in Baiersbronn - Tonbach ( Baden - Württemberg ) , has maintained three stars for 20 years , a record in Germany . It was voted 35th best in the world in the Restaurant ( magazine ) Top 50 and , in 2009 , it was voted 23rd in the worlds 50 best Restaurants . Wohlfahrt is credited with training six of the other nine German chefs awarded three - stars in the `` Guide Michelin 2013 - Deutschland '' .  - Loffenau is a town in the district of Rastatt in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - A cuisine (; from French , in turn from Latin "coquere" "to cook") is a style of cooking characterized by distinctive ingredients, techniques and dishes, and usually associated with a specific culture or geographic region. A cuisine is primarily influenced by the ingredients that are available locally or through trade. Religious food laws, such as Hindu, Islamic and Jewish dietary laws, can also exercise a strong influence on cuisine. Regional food preparation traditions, customs and ingredients often combine to create dishes unique to a particular region.  - A kitchen is a room or part of a room used for cooking and food preparation in a dwelling or in a commercial establishment. In the West, a modern residential kitchen is typically equipped with a stove, a sink with hot and cold running water, a refrigerator, counters and kitchen cabinets arranged according to a modular design. Many households have a microwave oven, a dishwasher and other electric appliances. The main function of a kitchen is serving as a location for storing, cooking and preparing food (and doing related tasks such as dishwashing), but it may also be used for dining, entertaining and laundry.  - A chef is a highly trained and skilled professional cook who is proficient in all aspects of food preparation of a particular cuisine. The word "chef" is derived (and shortened) from the term "chef de cuisine", the director or head of a kitchen. Chefs can receive both formal training from an institution, as well as through apprenticeship with an experienced chef.     After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'harald wohlfahrt' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - chef  - commercial  - cook  - member  - religious
A: