Quick Question: Sarah Jane Hyland (born November 24, 1990) is an American actress. Born in New York City, Hyland attended the Professional Performing Arts School in Manhattan, followed by small roles in the films Private Parts (1997), Annie (1999), and Blind Date (2007). She gained her first major role as Haley Dunphy on the ABC sitcom Modern Family, for which she has received critical acclaim and numerous accolades and nominations, sharing four Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series with her cast members and garnering a Critics' Choice Television Award nomination Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.

Answer this question: who is the girl that plays haley in modern family?
My answer: The important part for answering this question is: She gained her first major role as Haley Dunphy on the ABC sitcom Modern Family, for which she has received critical acclaim and numerous accolades and nominations, sharing four Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series with her cast members and garnering a Critics' Choice Television Award nomination Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. The answer is Sarah Jane Hyland.

Quick Question: AMG was founded as a racing engine forge in 1967 under the name AMG Motorenbau und Entwicklungsgesellschaft mbH (AMG Engine Production and Development, Ltd.), by former Mercedes-Benz engineers Hans Werner Aufrecht and Erhard Melcher in Burgstall an der Murr, near Stuttgart. The letters "AMG" stand for Aufrecht, Melcher and Großaspach (Aufrecht's birth town). In 1976 most of AMG moved to Affalterbach, with the racing-engine development remaining at the old location in Burgstall. At this time Erhard Melcher ceased to be a partner, but continued to be an employee at the Burgstall location.

Answer this question based on the passage: what does the amg stand for in mercedes benz?
My answer: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The letters "AMG" stand for Aufrecht, Melcher and Großaspach (Aufrecht's birth town). The answer is Aufrecht , Melcher and Großaspach ( Aufrecht 's birth town ).

Quick Question: Passage: Beth Gordon (portrayed by Anne Archer), Melinda's mother and Aiden's grandmother, has the ability to communicate with ghosts, but chooses not to. She never came to terms with her mother or Melinda when it came to their gifts and prefers not to speak of anything that has to do with ghosts, or her husband Tom Gordon. Before she met Tom, she was in a relationship with a man named Paul Eastman, whom she was having a baby with when he went to jail. Once he died, Beth married Tom and never told Melinda about her real father. In "Pater Familias", Paul convinces Beth to tell Melinda the truth. She is then invited to watch the tall ships come into the harbor with Melinda, Jim and their friends, Rick, Delia, and Ned. She appeared in the episodes "Melinda's First Ghost", "The Vanishing", "The Underneath", and "Pater Familias".

Question: Based on this passage, who plays melinda's mother in ghost whisperer?
My answer: