q... Passage: Between 1882 and 1886 Schuyler Wheeler invented a fan powered by electricity. It was commercially marketed by the American firm Crocker & Curtis electric motor company. In 1882, Philip Diehl developed the world's first electric ceiling fan. During this intense period of innovation, fans powered by alcohol, oil, or kerosene were common around the turn of the 20th century. In 1909, KDK of Japan pioneered the invention of mass-produced electric fans for home use. In the 1920s, industrial advances allowed steel fans to be mass-produced in different shapes, bringing fan prices down and allowing more homeowners to afford them. In the 1930s, the first art deco fan (the "swan fan") was designed. By the 1940s, Crompton Greaves of India became the world's largest manufacturer of electric ceiling fans mainly for sale in India, Asia and the Middle East. By the 1950s, table and stand fans were manufactured in colors that were bright and eye catching.

Question: Based on this passage, who was it that developed the world s first electric ceiling fan?
a... The relevant information is: In 1882, Philip Diehl developed the world's first electric ceiling fan.
The answer is Philip Diehl


q... In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration lists castoreum extract as a generally recognized as safe (GRAS) food additive. In 1965, the Flavor and Extract Manufacturers Association's GRAS program (FEMA 2261 and 2262) added castoreum extract and castoreum liquid. Product ingredient lists often refer to it simply as a "natural flavoring." While it is mainly used in foods and beverages as part of a substitute vanilla flavor, it is less commonly used as a part of a raspberry or strawberry flavoring. The annual industry consumption is very low, around 300 pounds, whereas vanillin is over 2.6 million pounds annually.

Answer this question based on the passage: where does artificial strawberry and raspberry flavoring come from?
a... This is the relevant information: While it is mainly used in foods and beverages as part of a substitute vanilla flavor, it is less commonly used as a part of a raspberry or strawberry flavoring.
The answer is castoreum


q... Passage: The College Football Playoff selection committee chose the semifinalists following the conclusion of the 2017 regular season. Alabama and Georgia advanced to the national championship after winning the semifinal games hosted by the Sugar Bowl and the Rose Bowl, respectively, on January 1, 2018. The championship game was played at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia on January 8, 2018.

Question: Based on this passage, when is the ncaa football championship game played?
a... The important part for answering this question is: The championship game was played at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia on January 8, 2018.
The answer is January 8 , 2018


q... Nancy Jane Kulp (August 28, 1921 -- February 3, 1991) was an American character actress best known as Miss Jane Hathaway on the CBS television series The Beverly Hillbillies.

Based on this passage, who played mrs. hathaway on the beverly hillbillies?
a...