Cameron Douglas Topics Page - USATODAY.com

A judge Tuesday sentenced Michael Douglas' son on drug charges to five years in prison, calling it his "last chance to make it."

A New York judge has turned down a request that the son of actor Michael Douglas be sentenced for a drug conviction in secret.

Film legend Kirk Douglas has asked a federal judge in Manhattan to spare his drug-dealer grandson a harsh prison sentence.

The girlfriend of actor Michael Douglas' son has been given no new jail time at her sentencing in New York City in a case stemming from his drug woes.

Michael Douglas' troubled son Cameron was denied bail and a chance for outpatient addiction treatment Thursday as he awaits sentencing in a federal drug-dealing case.

...dealing drugs could be a lifesaver, he said yesterday on NBC's "Today." Douglas said he hopes incarceration will give Cameron Douglas, 31, the time he needs to kick drugs. "He was going to be dead or somebody was going to kill him," Douglas said. "With all...

...“Today,” describing the prison term as “adequate.” Douglas expressed hope that incarceration would give 31-year-old Cameron Douglas the time he needs to kick the drug habit that has plagued him since he was 13. “He was going to be dead, or somebody was going...

...on NBC's Today, describing the prison term as "adequate." Douglas expressed hope that incarceration would give 31-year-old Cameron Douglas the time he needs to kick the drug habit that has plagued him since he was 13. "He was going to be dead or somebody...

...a drug dealer, and he tried to kill himself for a while, and I can't condone his behavior." Last month, a judge sentenced Cameron Douglas to five years for dealing methamphetamine from a trendy Manhattan "It's going to take that amount of time for him to...

...five-year sentence for dealing drugs as adequate. On NBCs Today on Monday, Douglas expressed hope that incarceration would give Cameron Douglas, 31, the time he needs to kick the drug habit that has plagued him since he was 13. Last month, a judge sentenced...

Michael Douglas' son has pleaded guilty to trafficking large quantities of methamphetamine and cocaine.

Authorities say Michael Douglas' son has been jailed after his girlfriend tried to smuggle drugs to him inside an electric toothbrush while he was under house arrest in New York City.

Not a good idea: Cameron Douglas' girlfriend was arrested Monday for trying to smuggle heroin to him in an electric toothbrush. Kelly Sott was busted after passing the toothbrush to Douglas while he was under home detention. She was arrested...

Cameron Douglas, the 30-year-old son of Michael Douglas, could face life in prison for selling large amounts of illegal drugs over a three-year period before his arrest late last month, court records show. Cameron is accused of selling tens of...

Michael Douglas' son, Cameron, 30, has been arrested in New York for possessing crystal meth with intent to distribute it, law enforcement sources told the New York Post this evening. He was said to have a half-pound of the drug...

Write a one or two sentence summary.