Homeland - box set review
Homeland is 24 for grownups. The hit US spy drama, which has just completed its third season with the first two now out on box set, hits the gold standard of gripping plotting and complex characterisation. The terrorist threat level is on permanent red alert and the CIA is so suffused with terror-paranoia that it subjects a US war hero and its own agents alike to surveillance, harassment and even polygraph tests. "When was the last time you told the truth?" asks Carrie Mathison, played by Claire Danes. It's a line that haunts every episode.

Season one, aired in 2011, hinges on the question: has Gulf war hero Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis), held in an Afghan hole for eight years, been "turned" by al-Qaida? Lewis won an Emmy for his portrayal of the traumatised marine; Danes won two for her role – hunter to Brody's hunted. As a bipolar intelligence agent Carrie joins a clutch of intense, idiosyncratic female leads in current TV drama (Spiral, The Killing, The Bridge, The Fall). Her judgments are brilliantly unhinged: her CIA mentor, Saul Berenson, calls her "the smartest and the dumbest fucking person I've ever known".

Thus Carrie's strategies for outing Brody include wiring his house for sound and vision, like a terrorist Big Brother. This includes the bedroom: surveillance sex-scenes are a regularly disconcerting Homeland trope. Carrie's next choice is to have sex with Brody herself. A truth or dare, double-bluff love affair ensues: will they kiss or kill each other next? When Carrie's question for Brody's polygraph test – "Have you ever been unfaithful to your wife?" – elicits Brody's unblinking "no", the paranoia ratchets up again: what else is Brody lying about? Danes' eyes get wider by the episode: Lewis's mouth gets tighter. By the end of season one Carrie's off her meds, off her head – and off the CIA payroll.

By contrast, Mandy Patinkin as old agency hand Saul is a study in stillness. Despite another life as a musicals diva, Patinkin is the calm in the eye of the show's hurricane, a microcosm of how Homeland's characterisation anchors its less likely plot lurches. Season two sees computer hacks on a vice-president's pacemaker, al-Qaida kingpins lurking alone in dark tunnels like sci-fi aliens, and CIA bosses blithely listening to their agents having sex with terrorist suspects.

Although less credible and, with Carrie on lithium, more conventional, season two is still a mesmerising affair. We watch Brody achieving political office as cohort of a hawkish vice-president (Homeland's neocons arguably come off almost as badly as Muslims). But is Congressman Brody, as Carrie accuses, a "terrorist and a traitor"? It's hardly a conventional terrorist suspect interrogation that begins: "You broke my heart, you know?" and ends with an invitation to cohabit.

As Carrie and Saul battle to avert a planned attack on the US, knowledge turns out be illusory, victories pyrrhic, while the nature of terror-boss Abu Nazir's plot remains a mystery until the season's closing minutes. And the finish is literally explosive.
What was this article about?