The race in the AFC West continued to heat up in December, especially when the Chiefs took on the San Diego Chargers on prime-time national television.  The Chiefs entered the game fighting to keep their playoff dreams alive while the San Diego Chargers looked to secure the home field advantage in the playoffs. The game was scheduled to be broadcast on CBS at 1pm San Diego time, but on December 4, the game was officially chosen to be aired on NBC Sunday Night Football at 8:15 ET (6:15 San Diego time) as part of the league's new "flex scheduling" policy.  The game marked the first time the Chiefs appeared on NBC Sunday Night Football, their first prime-time game in San Diego, and their first game to be aired on NBC since facing Denver in the AFC Divisional Playoff Game at Arrowhead on January 4, 1998. Publicity fueled the Sunday night match when Chiefs defensive end Tamba Hali claimed the Chargers were a "finesse team" eight weeks ago after Kansas City beat San Diego 30-27 at Arrowhead Stadium in week 5.  The game was the last time the Chargers lost before their seven-game winning streak leading into week 14. Prior to kickoff, there was a video tribute and moment of silence for Hunt, who died Wednesday night of complications from prostate cancer. He was 74. The Chiefs had "LH" decals on the backs of their helmets.  The Chiefs opted for white pants in honor of Lamar Hunt. The Chiefs got their start in Kansas City wearing white on white when playing on the road and some players appealed to coach Herm Edwards to go to the traditional look Sunday night. After getting one sack in the previous two games and none in last week's loss to Baltimore, the Chiefs were able to put some pressure on Philip Rivers in the first half. James Reed and Tamba Hali each had a sack, and the Chiefs would have had a third, but Rivers was penalized for intentional grounding when he unloaded the ball.  The Chiefs did not allow Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers to complete a pass until early in the second quarter when he threw for 18&#160;yards to Vincent Jackson.  The Chargers still led 7-3 at the time. Tomlinson broke three NFL records: single-season scoring (186 points), single-season rushing touchdowns (28) and consecutive multitouchdown games (eight).  Tomlinson's 85-yard touchdown run in the second quarter was the game's deciding play. It gave the Chargers a 14-3 lead with less than 3&#160;minutes until halftime.  The Chiefs never recovered from the botched blocked punt and let the Chargers run away with their eleventh win of the season and homefield advantage in the playoffs. Trent Green finished the game 23 of 41 with 185&#160;yards passing, no touchdowns and one interception.  It was Green's fourth loss in six games after returning from his injury in week one.  Lawrence Tynes was the only scorer for the Chiefs, kicking three field goals from 45, 52 and 24&#160;yards out. The game was the Chiefs' third straight loss as they fell to 7-7 and the Chargers' eighth straight win as they improved to 12-2.

Answer this question based on the article: How many of Green's passes were incomplete?