Q:Information:  - Aragon (or , Spanish and , or ) is an autonomous community in Spain, coextensive with the medieval Kingdom of Aragon. Located in northeastern Spain, the Aragonese autonomous community comprises three provinces (from north to south): Huesca, Zaragoza, and Teruel. Its capital is Zaragoza (also called "Saragossa" in English). The current Statute of Autonomy declares Aragon a "nationality" of Spain.  - Siétamo is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain, in the comarca of Hoya de Huesca. Birthplace of the Count of Aranda and Cardinal Javierre. Siétamo (Sietemo in Aragonese) March 4 is a municipality in the province of Huesca (Spain), which belongs to the region Hoya de Huesca. It is located 12 km from Huesca, in the N-240, on a gentle hill near the river Guatizalema.  - Épila is a municipality in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon. Its population in 2005 was approximately 4,100.  - This person should not be confused with Pedro de Aranda , bishop of Calahorra during the late fifteenth century . Don Pedro Pablo Abarca de Bolea y Jiménez de Urrea , 10th Count of Aranda ( Siétamo , Huesca , 1718 -- Épila , Saragossa 1798 ) , was a Spanish statesman and diplomat .  - A diploma (from Greek µ "díplma", meaning "folded paper") is a certificate or deed issued by an educational institution, such as a college or university, that testifies that the recipient has successfully completed a particular course of study, or (US) recording that an academic degree has been awarded. In some countries, e.g. the United Kingdom and Australia, the word diploma also refers to an academic award (e.g. diploma of higher education, graduate diploma, postgraduate diploma). Historically, it can also refer to a charter or official document, thus diplomatic, diplomat and diplomacy via the "Codex Juris Gentium Diplomaticus".  - A comarca (, pl. "comarcas" pl. "comarques") is a traditional region or local administrative division found in parts of Spain, Portugal, Panama, Nicaragua, and Brazil. The term is derived from the term marca, meaning a "march, mark", plus the prefix "co"- meaning "together, jointly".  - A diplomat is a person appointed by a state to conduct diplomacy with one or more other states or international organisations. The main functions of diplomats are: representation and protection of the interests and nationals of the sending state; initiation and facilitation of strategic agreements; treaties and conventions; promotion of information; trade and commerce; technology; and friendly relations. Seasoned diplomats of international repute are used in international organisations (e.g. United Nations) as well as multinational companies for their experience in management and negotiating skills. Diplomats are members of foreign services and diplomatic corps of various nations of the world.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'place of death' with the subject 'pedro pablo abarca de bolea'.  Choices: - brazil  - huesca  - march  - panama  - portugal  - spain  - united kingdom  - zaragoza
A: