Instructions: In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Input: Question: What form of government did the place Palma was born in have at the time of her birth? Passage 1:Although originally proposed to the French space agency CNES, it was considered too complex and expensive for a single national programme. Its acceptance within the European Space Agency's scientific programme, in 1980, was the result of a lengthy process of study and lobbying. The underlying scientific motivation was to determine the physical properties of the stars through the measurement of their distances and space motions, and thus to place theoretical studies of stellar structure and evolution, and studies of galactic structure and kinematics, on a more secure empirical basis. Observationally, the objective was to provide the positions, parallaxes, and annual proper motions for some 100,000 stars with an unprecedented accuracy of 0.002 arcseconds, a target in practice eventually surpassed by a factor of two. The name of the space telescope, "Hipparcos" was an acronym for High Precision Parallax Collecting Satellite, and it also reflected the name of the ancient Greek astronomer Hipparchus, who is considered the founder of trigonometry and the discoverer of the precession of the equinoxes (due to the Earth wobbling on its axis).
 Passage 2:In 2017, it was announced that Ring of Honor had signed Gresham to a contract. In April 2017, Gresham teamed with Chris Sabin where they defeated Cheeseburger and Will Ferrara. Gresham along with Jay White, Chris Sabin and Alex Shelley formed Search and Destroy. On June 24, Gresham defeated Flip Gordon. At Best in the World, Search and Destroy defeated the Rebellion (Rhett Titus, Kenny King, Shane Taylor and Caprice Coleman) were the losing team must disband. Gresham took part of the Honor Rumble in 2017. On the September 9th, 2017 episode of Ring Of Honor, Search and Destroy defeated The Bullet Club. At Final Battle, Gresham defeated Josh Woods in a pre-show dark match. Gresham then went on to lose to Jay Lethal at Honor Reigns Supreme and to Chuckie T at Supercard of Honor XII.
 Passage 3:Tina Monzon-Palma (born Maria Cristina Mapa Monzon on March 29, 1951 in Manila) is a Filipina broadcast journalist and anchorwoman. She is best known as a late night news presenter in various Philippine television news programs in different television networks. She became GMA Network's first female news presenter and pioneered the its Public Affairs department during her term as GMA News executive. She later transferred to ABC-5 (eventually as TV5, now 5) to head its operations. When she left the company after five years, she led ABS-CBN's public service campaign against child abuse under the network's Bantay Bata social welfare program. Eventually, she became the anchor of ABS-CBN's late news program The World Tonight where she replaced Loren Legarda.

Output: