Write some highlights for the following article:

Biblical names are out and pop culture is in for America's newborns - if this year's list of most popular baby names are anything to go by. The once hearty trend of parents naming their babies after Biblical scripture has shown a steady decline in recent years according to an annual baby name report by BabyCenter.com. What can be gathered in supplement shows a perhaps surprising uptick in inspiration from pop culture such as erotic novel Fifty Shades of Grey, TV show Downton Abbey and even Apple electronics. Inspired: Beyonce's newborn baby Blue Ivy, pictured with her here, may be behind the slight jump in the same names for babies born this year along with other pop culture references. Among names taken from the Bible for 2012 there were just three boys' names among the list of top 10 - Ethan, Noah and Jacob - while none made the top 10 list for girls. TOP 10 BOYS NAMES:. TOP 10 GIRLS NAMES:. That's a stark contrast from 12 years ago when Biblical names dominated the top 10 list, in 2000 it being: Michael, Jacob, Matthew, Joseph, Joshua, and Andrew. For girls in 2000 it was Hannah, Sarah and Elizabeth. If any trend can be seen this year one could blame at least one other book Americans are reading right now. From EL James’ Fifty Shades of Grey, first name Grey shot up 155 spots. Anastasia rose 43 spots and Elliot - Christian Grey's brother - went up by 14 per cent. If any Downtown Abbey fans received visits from the Stork this year, they may be mutually held responsible for an increase in the names Branson (by 32 per cent), Charlie (23 per cent), Elsie (29 per cent), and Daisy (27 per cent). Names Edith, Sybil, Robert, Cora, Isobel and Violet also rose. TV admirers: Names featured in the hit TV show Downtown Abbey also showed a spike with the name Branson, like the character named Tom Branson pictured, seeing a rise by 32 per cent. Perhaps further showing the times - contrasting back when actress Gwyneth Paltrow and Coldplay musician Chris Martin named their baby 'Apple' surprising many who had never heard of the fruit and widespread computer manufacturer used as a name - Apple rose 15 per cent this year. Adding to the Apple iPhone, iPad, iMac buzz, the name Siri – Apple’s computer generated assistant - climbed by 5 per cent while Mac for boys jumped by 12 per cent. All three names are still deep down on the list, however, with Apple taking 3,204th place, Siri taking 1,427th, and Mac taking 624. Surprise ending: The names Grey, Anastasia and Elliot, featured in the erotic book Fifty Shades of Grey by E L James, pictured, also saw a rise among newborns. Musicians Beyoncé and Jay-Z's uniquely named Blue Ivy Carter also perhaps stirred a rise in names Blue and Ivy which both saw an increase this year - Blue by 51 per cent and Ivy by 27 per cent. Though Blue is still down on the list hitting 2,571th place, Ivy rose to 157th place. Among this year's most popular names, Aiden tops list of top 10 for the eight year in a row while Sophia continues to hold her own among the girls' 10 for the fifth year running.

Highlights: