Please write a short summary for the following article:

Yemen: fighting breaks UN ceasefire less than one day after it took effect

Saudi-led air strikes and heavy shelling between warring factions has shaken several cities in Yemen, residents said, violating a United Nations humanitarian truce that took effect just before midnight on Friday.

The UN-brokered pause in the fighting was meant to last a week, to allow aid deliveries to the country’s 21 million people who have endured more than three months of bombing and civil war.

A coalition of Arab states has been bombing the Iran-allied Houthi rebel movement – Yemen’s dominant force – since late March in a bid to restore President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, who has fled to Riyadh, to power.

That coalition said on Saturday that the Yemeni government in exile had not asked it to pause, according to a news flash on Saudi-owned Arabiya TV.

Yemeni government officials were not immediately available to comment, but the UN secretary general’s office said before the truce that Hadi had “communicated his acceptance of the pause to the coalition to ensure their support”.

Air raids pounded Houthi and Yemeni army units in the capital Sana’a and in the group’s stronghold province of Saada, along the border with Saudi Arabia.

Fighting raged in the southern city of Taiz and the eastern province of Mareb, amid intense artillery exchanges between Houthi fighters and local militiamen backed up by Arab air strikes.

In Aden, one of the country’s most deprived and war-torn areas, witnesses said Houthi forces fired mortars and Katyusha rockets towards opposition fighters based in northern areas and around the city’s international airport.

Bombing by the Arab alliance and fighting have killed more than 3,000 people since 26 March.

The Houthis, and their army allies, say their spread throughout the country is part of a revolution against a corrupt government and hardline Sunni militants, whom they say are allied to the opposition forces, and they vowed to keep up the fight despite the truce.

Supplies of food, fuel and medicine have dwindled dangerously because of the fighting and a near-blockade by the coalition, spreading disease and hunger.

“There have been very heavy air strikes and fighting across the country, seemingly unabated,” Unicef’s Yemen representative, Julien Harneis, said.

Related: From Syria to Bosnia: Isis and its affiliates around the world

“But while the fighting mostly doesn’t stop humanitarian aid being delivered to affected areas, the tragic thing is that it does impede the civilian population from going the last mile and being able to reach that assistance,” he added.

Local officials in Aden said that Houthi fighters had allowed 25 trucks of medical aid into the besieged city on Saturday, but were holding up 40 other trucks full of food.

All parties in Yemen’s conflict had welcomed the announcement of the truce and called for it to be extended.

But the exiled government wants the Houthis to release prisoners and give up land they have seized in battle, while the Houthis say they doubt any calm will last.