By. Lizzie Edmonds. PUBLISHED:. 16:37 EST, 17 March 2014. |. UPDATED:. 17:54 EST, 17 March 2014. The Pope has cancelled a photo opportunity with Noah star Russell Crowe over fears the meeting would be leaked to the press. Pope Francis was due to meet with the Hollywood actor and the entire creative team behind the biblical movie to give his blessing for the film. Paramount vice chair Rob Moore, director Darren Aronofsky. and Mr Crowe were all supposed to be in attendance - with film executives hoping it would provide the perfect photo opportunity prior to the film's US release at the end of March. The Pope has cancelled a photo opportunity with Russell Crowe and the creative team behind Noah. Speaking last week, Mr Aronofsky confirmed to Variety the meeting had been proposed - but warned it wouldn’t happen if. anybody reported or tweeted about it ahead of time. The group were penciled in to meet with Pope Francis in Rome on Wednesday morning at around 8am, the website reported. But it would appear the director's fears came true - with the Vatican cancelling the arrangement over  fears word of the gathering would be leaked. Rather amusingly, the Pope's cancellation came a little too late - as Crowe and Aronofsky had already arrived in the Italian city, the website suggests. Russell Crowe takes the lead in the new film based on the tale of Noah from The Book of Genesis. Noah is thought to cost in the region of £75million and is due for release in America on 29th March. Mr Aronofsky's film, based around the story of Noah’s Ark from The Book Of Genesis, has already gained a fair amount of criticism. Agnostic US TV host Bill Maher slammed the movie for a perceived lack of ‘plausibility.’ 'But the thing that’s really disturbing about Noah isn’t the silly, it’s that it’s immoral,’ he said. It’s about a psychotic mass murderer who gets away with it, and his name is God.' Noah is also thought to be banned in several countries for depicting religious characters, with censorship boards in Bahrain, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates informing distributor Paramount that they won’t be releasing the film. The actor takes his seat during a press conference ahead of the film's US release at the end of the month. The epic has been banned in several countries for depicting religious characters. Crowe, 49, appeared at the Russian capital’s Lotte Hotel for. promotional commitments for the epic - in which he takes the. titular lead. Speaking of his latest role, the actor recently claimed his depiction of Noah will go against the grain of common belief regarding his character. He said: ‘The funny thing with people, they consider Noah to be a benevolent figure because he looked after the animals: "Awww, Noah. Noah and the animals." 'It's like, are you kidding me.This is the dude that stood by and watched the entire population of the planet perish. ‘He's not benevolent. He's not even nice. 'At one point in the story his son says, "I thought you were chosen because you were good?" And he goes, "I was chosen because I can get the job done, mate.’"'

What are highlight points for this article?