Please answer the following question: Information:  - An interim leader, in Canadian politics, is a party leader appointed by the party's legislative caucus or the party's executive to temporarily act as leader when a gap occurs between the resignation or death of a party leader and the election of a formal successor. Usually a party leader retains the leadership until a successor is formally chosen  however, in some situations this is not possible, and an interim leader is thus appointed by the party's caucus or the party executive. An interim leader may also be appointed while a leader is on a leave of absence due to poor health or some other reason, and then relinquish the position upon the leader's return.  - The Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island, along with the Lieutenant-Governor, forms the parliament of the province. The General Assembly meets at Province House, which is located at the intersection of Richmond and Great George Streets in Charlottetown.  - Olive Crane is a Canadian politician and social worker from Douglas Station, Prince Edward Island. She was the leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Prince Edward Island from 2007 to 2010 on an interim basis and 2010 to 2013 on a permanent basis. She was also leader of the Official Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 2007 to 2010 and 2010 to 2013.  - Jim Bagnall is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island in the 1996 provincial election . Bagnall is married to Eileen ( Craig ) Bagnall . They have 4 kids , Douglas , Craig , Tara and Tanya . He represented the electoral district of Montague - Kilmuir as a member of the Progressive Conservative Party . In June 2010 , he was named interim leader of the Progressive Conservatives after Olive Crane resigned to run for the party 's permanent leadership in the October 2010 convention . A former retail store owner , Bagnall served on the town council for Montague from 1990 to 1996 . He served in the provincial cabinet at Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Aquaculture .  - Charlottetown is the capital and largest city of the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, and the county seat of Queens County. Named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, queen consort of the United Kingdom, Charlottetown was originally an unincorporated town that incorporated as a city in 1855. It was most famously the site of the Charlottetown Conference in 1864, the first gathering of Canadian and Maritime statesmen to debate the proposed Maritime Union and the more persuasive British North American Union, now known as Canadian Confederation. From this, the city adopted as its motto "Cunabula Foederis"  "Birthplace of Confederation".  - The Progressive Conservative Party of Prince Edward Island is one of two major political parties on Prince Edward Island. It and its rival, the Liberals have alternated in power since responsible government was granted in 1851.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'member of political party'.
A: