By. Shari Miller. PUBLISHED:. 11:01 EST, 8 August 2012. |. UPDATED:. 07:29 EST, 9 August 2012. A drunken thug who attacked a teenager had downed nearly 50 cans of lager and two litres of vodka during a day-long binge. It means 24-year-old Russell Large had drunk around 40 times the daily recommended alcohol limit for men when the attack took place three days before Christmas last year. Large, a former mechanic and chef who has been unemployed for more than a year, admitted attacking the 17-year-old stranger in a Plymouth shop following an entire day of drinking, which involved him consuming 48 cans of Foster’s lager and two litres of vodka. Binge-drink assault: After Russell Large, 24, downed nearly 50 cans of Foster's lager and two litres of vodka in a day, he would have been 40 times over the recommended daily alcohol limit for men when the attack took place. Although it was not specified which size can Large was drinking on the day of the attack, a 440ml can of Foster’s contains 1.8 units of alcohol, while a two-litre bottle of standard vodka contains 75 units, making a total of 161.4 units. The UK Chief Medical Council advises a daily limit of four units for a man, meaning Large had drunk just over 40 times that recommendation in one day. According to the NHS, binge drinking also leads to the body not being able to process all the alcohol, meaning the blood alcohol concentration (BAC) rises. A BAC of more than 400milligrams per 100 millitres of blood can result in severe breathing difficulties, coma and even death. However, a person's BAC is dependent on a number of factors including weight, the type of alcohol they have consumed, whether they regularly drink and how much food they have in their stomach. Large, of Budshead Road in the city, told magistrates in Plymouth today that he was sorry after admitting one charge of common assault. “It’s sad,” he added. The court heard Large had recently broken up with his girlfriend and had gone on a drinks binge in a local park. He got into an argument with his victim, who took refuge behind the counter of a nearby corner shop, but Large found and attacked him. Large grabbed his victim by the throat before headbutting him, leaving the teenager with injuries to his left eye. Defending, Michael Crumley described Large’s alcohol consumption as “quite staggering”. Russell Large pleaded guilty at Plymouth Magistrates for attacking the teenager following a drinking binge. He said: “That goes some way to explaining his actions. He is very ashamed and deeply regrets his actions. "He wishes to apologise to this poor, unfortunate young person (victim)." The court was told Large had started drinking at the age of 14 and came from a family with a "heavy drinking culture". His consumption of alcohol had also increased in the time leading up to the attack. Large's defence also told the court that he had no memory of the actual assault. Chairwoman of the bench, Dr Sonia Sidhom, sentenced Large to a 12-month community order, and ordered him to pay £50 compensation and £40 court costs.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: