Information:  - The MLS Cup Playoffs is the postseason elimination tournament of Major League Soccer held at the end of the regular season en route to the MLS Cup, the playoff championship game. Twelve teams in total from the Eastern Conference and Western Conference qualify for the tournament based on regular-season records, and a tiebreaking procedure exists in the case of equal records. Awarding a championship through a postseason tournament differs from most other soccer leagues around the world where the team with the most points at the end of the season is deemed champion. MLS awards the regular-season champions with the Supporters' Shield and a direct berth in the CONCACAF Champions League, the continental tournament. The regular-season champion must be a U.S.-based club in order to receive direct entry to Champions League. Since 2015 Audi is the official sponsor.  - Jeff Cunningham ( born August 21 , 1976 ) is an American soccer player . He is Major League Soccer 's second - all - time leader in regular - season goals scored with 134 , following Landon Donovan .  - Major League Soccer (MLS) is a men's professional soccer league, sanctioned by U.S. Soccer, that represents the sport's highest level in both the United States and Canada. MLS constitutes one of the major professional sports leagues of the United States and Canada. The league is composed of 22 teams19 in the U.S. and 3 in Canada. The MLS regular season runs from March to October, with each team playing 34 games; the team with the best record is awarded the Supporters' Shield. The postseason includes twelve teams competing in the MLS Cup Playoffs through November and December, culminating in the championship game, the MLS Cup. MLS teams also play in other domestic competitions against teams from other divisions in the U.S. Open Cup and in the Canadian Championship. MLS teams also compete against continental rivals in the CONCACAF Champions League.  - Landon Timothy Donovan (born March 4, 1982) is a former American professional soccer player who last played as a forward for the LA Galaxy. He is widely regarded as the best player in US Soccer history and one of the best American players of all time according to several publications including The Guardian, the Richest and FourFourTwo.  - The MLS Cup is the trophy awarded at the conclusion of the MLS Cup final, the post-season championship match of Major League Soccer, the top tier of professional soccer in the United States and Canada. The winner is crowned champion in the same manner as other North American sports leagues (i.e. via a playoff following a regular season). This differs from other top soccer leagues around the world which consider the club with the most points at the end of the season to be the sole champion. MLS honors this achievement with the Supporters' Shield. An American team that wins the MLS Cup is awarded a berth in the following year's CONCACAF Champions League.    What object entity has the relation of 'position played on team / speciality' with the subject 'jeff cunningham'?   Choices: - end  - forward
A: