Problem:Goldfarb v. Virginia State Bar, 421 U.S. 773 (1975), was a U.S. Supreme Court decision. It stated that lawyers engage in "trade or commerce" and hence ended the legal profession's exemption from antitrust laws.

Based on this passage, the goldfarb v. virginia state bar decision on anti-trust laws was decided at what level?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Goldfarb v. Virginia State Bar, 421 U.S. 773 (1975), was a U.S. Supreme Court decision.
U.S. Supreme Court.

Student A:The Catechism of a Revolutionary refers to a manifesto written by Russian revolutionary Sergey Nechayev between April and August 1869.

Based on this passage, who wrote of principles of revolution in his catechism of the revolutionary ​?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The Catechism of a Revolutionary refers to a manifesto written by Russian revolutionary Sergey Nechayev between April and August 1869.
Sergey Nechayev.

Problem:Context: Serving since 31 December 2016, the current Lt. Governor is Anil Baijal, a former Union Home Secretary. His official residence is in Raj Niwas, Delhi.

Question: who has been appointed as the new lt. governor of delhi?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: Serving since 31 December 2016, the current Lt. Governor is Anil Baijal, a former Union Home Secretary.
Anil Baijal.

Student A:Context: "Let It Be" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, released in March 1970 as a single, and (in an alternate mix) as the title track of their album Let It Be. At the time, it had the highest debut on the Billboard Hot 100, beginning its chart run at number 6. It was written and sung by Paul McCartney. It was their final single before McCartney announced his departure from the band. Both the Let It Be album and the US single "The Long and Winding Road" were released after McCartney's announced departure from and the subsequent break-up of the group. The alternate mix on their album Let It Be features an additional guitar solo and some minor differences in the orchestral sections.

Question: who wrote the lyrics to let it be?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: It was written and sung by Paul McCartney.
Paul McCartney.

Problem:Passage: Hickey is a common surname of Irish origin. The original form is Ó hÍceadha, which is still used in Ireland. Notable people with the surname include:

Question: Based on this passage, where does the last name hickey come from?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Hickey is a common surname of Irish origin.
Irish.

Problem:Passage: "You're No Good" is a song written by Clint Ballard, Jr., first performed by Dee Dee Warwick for Jubilee Records in 1963 with production by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It has since been covered by many artists, including charting versions by Betty Everett in 1963, The Swinging Blue Jeans in 1964, and Linda Ronstadt in 1975, whose version was a number 1 hit in the United States.

Question: Based on this passage, who wrote the song you're no good?
Solution: