What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
To prepare homemade lox, you’ll need 1 ½ to 2 pounds (680 to 907 g) of boneless salmon fillet with the skin on. Run some cold water in the sink and rinse the fillet well. Next, examine the fillet to make sure that all of the bones have been removed.  You can purchase either "belly lox" or regular "lox" fillets. Both are salmon, but belly lox comes from the stomach region of the fish. The graining of fat in the stomach region makes belly lox the better option to use when you make lox because it is more widely spaced. This results in a final product that is more desirable and less salty. If there are any pin bones left in the salmon fillet, use a small pair of tweezers or pliers to pull them out in the same direction that they’re facing. Pin bones are more likely to occur in wild salmon than farmed salmon. Once the salmon is thoroughly rinsed, use a sharp knife to cut the fillet in half. Make sure that the pieces are as equal in size as you can get them. Add 1 cup (288 g) of kosher salt and 1 cup (200 g) of sugar to a medium bowl. Mix the ingredients together well so they’re fully blended. If you like, you can also add about ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of coarsely ground black pepper to the mixture. Place the two pieces of salmon in a shallow dish so they’re side by side. Pour an equal amount of the salt mixture over each piece, piling it right on top of the salmon. It may seem that there is a lot of excess salt mixture on the salmon, but the fish will absorb it during the curing process. After you’ve added the salt mixture to the salmon pieces, divide half a bunch of dill with the stems removed between them and add it on top of the salt. Next, place one of the salmon pieces on top of the other, being careful not to knock off the salt mixture. When the salmon pieces are sandwiched together, carefully wrap them in plastic wrap. Once the fish is secure in the plastic wrap, set it in a large plastic zipper bag. Before closing the zipper bag, be sure to push all of the air out of it first. Set the bag with the salmon down in a shallow dish. Place another heavy dish on top of the bag to weigh it down, and refrigerate the fish for 2 to 3 days. You can use any heavy item, such as a bottle of wine, to weigh down the salmon. While you’re curing the salmon, it’s important to keep it from getting soggy. Remove any liquid that’s been extracted from the salmon from the plastic bag and flip the fish over so both sides are evenly weighed down. At the two day mark, begin tasting the lox. Once it has the taste that desire, you can take it out of the curing container and unwrap it. If the lox isn’t properly cured after two days, you should leave in the container for another day. After you’ve removed the fish from the plastic wrap, rinse it well under cold water to remove any residue. Use a sharp knife to cut it thin on the bias. Make sure to leave the skin behind. You can freeze the lox if you don’t plan to eat all of it right away. Wrap it well in plastic wrap and place it in a freezer bag for storage. You should eat it within 3 to 4 months.