Write highlights for this article:

By. Anna Edwards. PUBLISHED:. 04:14 EST, 22 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 04:37 EST, 22 November 2013. Singers like Charlotte Church who blame the music industry for their own 'failures' are just refusing to take responsibility for their own career flops, a record executive had claimed. Chrysalis Group found Chris Wright claimed the Welsh singer excused her own 'career frustrations' by criticising the industry, rather than take responsibility for it. Miss Church, 27, recently attacked the music industry for coercing young women into 'sexually demonstrative behaviour'. Chris Wright accused artists like singer Charlotte Church of blaming the music industry for their own 'failures' But Mr Wright told the Daily Telegraph that Miss Church's attacks were common amongst artists who wanted to 'blame the business' for their waning careers. He said: 'The truth is its very often the artist themselves who are to blame for those problems.' In the BBC John Peel Lecture the singer - who shot to fame at age 11 - lashed out at the industry, who she claims want women to present themselves as 'hypersexualised objects'. She used fellow pop stars Rihanna and Miley Cyrus who 'acted submissive sex objects' in their videos as an example. The mother-of-two said: 'The women. generally filling these roles are very young, often previous child stars. or Disney tweens who are simply interested in getting along in an. industry glamourised to be the most desirable career for young women. 'They. are encouraged to present themselves as hypersexualised, unrealistic,. cartoonish, as objects. Reducing female sexuality to a prize that can be. won.' The singer – dubbed. the ‘Voice of an Angel’ when she first shot to fame aged 11 – admitted. she now regrets wearing revealing outfits as a teenage star. The singer - dubbed the 'Voice of an Angel' when she first shot to fame aged 11 - admitted she now regrets wearing revealing outfits as a teenage star. She claimed that because of the sexual way she was portrayed when she was younger, she can no longer promote her current style of music to the appropriate audience. She claimed in the Manchester lecture in October that because of the sexual way she was portrayed when she was younger, she can no longer promote her current style of music to the appropriate audience. She said: ‘When I was 19 or 20 I found myself in this position, being pressured into wearing more and more revealing outfits. 'And the lines I was spun again and again, generally by middle aged men, were "You look great, you’ve got a great body, why not show it off?" or "Don’t worry, it’ll look classy, it’ll look artistic". 'I felt deeply uncomfortable about the whole thing but I was often reminded by record executives just whose money was being spent. ‘The consequence of this betrayal of me is that I am being constantly abused on social media, being called slut and a whore and a catalogue of other indignities. 'Now I find it difficult to promote my music in the places where it would be best suited, because of my history.’ Miss Church has been contacted for a comment.