Q: The deck consists of 162 cards, twelve each of the numbers 1 through 12 and eighteen "SKIP-BO" wild cards which may be played as any number. Alternatively, the 162 cards could be three regular decks of playing cards, including the jokers, with ace to queen corresponding to 1 to 12 and the kings and jokers corresponding to the SKIP-BO cards. Before 1980, the commercial game consisted of four decks of regular playing cards with eight SKIP-BO cards replacing the standard two jokers in each deck. In addition, the aces, twos and threes in the fourth deck were marked SKIP-BO. The remainder of the fourth deck was discarded.

Answer this question: how many cards in a skip bo deck?
A: 162. How to explain the answer? To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The deck consists of 162 cards, twelve each of the numbers 1 through 12 and eighteen "SKIP-BO" wild cards which may be played as any number.

Q: It was first performed during the Weekend Update segment of the season 18 episode of Saturday Night Live on November 21, 1992 as a duet between Sandler and Weekend Update anchor Kevin Nealon; it was originally intended to be a recurring Thanksgiving tradition with other cast members debuting their own original songs, but the next year, it was again Sandler, doing another version of the same song in the style of Bruce Springsteen. A live performance of the original song was recorded at The Strand in Redondo Beach, California on July 25, 1993. The version at The Strand was featured on Sandler's debut album They're All Gonna Laugh at You! and was released as a single.

Answer this question: what year did adam sandler sing the thanksgiving song?
A: 1992. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: It was first performed during the Weekend Update segment of the season 18 episode of Saturday Night Live on November 21, 1992 as a duet between Sandler and Weekend Update anchor Kevin Nealon; it was originally intended to be a recurring Thanksgiving tradition with other cast members debuting their own original songs, but the next year, it was again Sandler, doing another version of the same song in the style of Bruce Springsteen.

Q: The oldest person ever whose age has been verified is Jeanne Calment (1875 -- 1997) of France, who died at the age of 122 years, 164 days.

Answer this question: how old was the oldest person ever to live on earth?
A: 122 years , 164 days. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: The oldest person ever whose age has been verified is Jeanne Calment (1875 -- 1997) of France, who died at the age of 122 years, 164 days.

Q: Father's Day is a celebration honoring fathers and celebrating fatherhood, paternal bonds, and the influence of fathers in society. The tradition was said to be started from a memorial service held for a large group of men who died in a mining accident in Monongah, West Virginia in 1907. It was first proposed by Sonora Dodd of Spokane, Washington in 1909. It is currently celebrated in the United States annually on the third Sunday in June.

When was father's day started in the us?
A: