Title: The Black Friday Bargain

Characters: 
1. Howard, a savvy Black Friday shopper
2. Maria, Howard's best friend

Setting: Maria's living room, on Black Friday evening. Howard is visiting Maria to share his finds.

[Scene 1: Maria's living room]

Maria: (excited) Howard, you look so happy! Did you find some great deals during the Black Friday sales?

Howard: (grinning) Of course, Maria! You know me, I'm always prepared for the best deals on this day.

Maria: So, what's the pièce de résistance of today's shopping escapade?

Howard: (proudly) I got these amazing speakers, and you won't believe how much they cost me!

Maria: (curious) What? Don't keep me in suspense! How much were they?

Howard: (dramatically) 12 bucks!

Maria: (surprised) What? Seriously? How did you manage to get speakers for just 12 dollars on Black Friday?

Howard: (confident) I told you, Maria, I'm the Black Friday king! Through my tireless research, continuous monitoring of deals, and quick reflexes, I snagged these speakers at a mind-blowing price.

Maria: (impressed) Wow, Howard, that's incredible. So tell me more about these speakers.

Howard: Well, these are portable Bluetooth speakers with a built-in battery, which means you can take them anywhere for your music needs. They have a sleek and elegant design, with a powerful bass and clear sound quality. Besides, they can also be connected to any device through an auxiliary cable.

Maria: That's awesome, Howard! Do these speakers have any other unique features like voice control or anything like that?

Howard: (nodding) Yes, indeed! They also have a built-in microphone, which allows you to answer calls and even use voice commands to control your music playback or use your phone's virtual assistant.

Maria: (wondering) That's so cool! How long does the battery last on them?

Howard: (proudly) Well, as per the packaging, on a full charge, the battery life lasts for around 6-8 hours of nonstop music, though it depends on the volume level and usage.

Maria: (excited) These seem perfect for parties, picnics, or barbecues. I can already imagine taking them to the beach with us next summer.

Howard: (smiling) Definitely! You'll be the life of the party with these handy little speakers.

Maria: (nostalgic) Do you remember how that old stereo system we had would always eat up our batteries so fast at the beach? It wasn't really practical for outdoor usage at all.

Howard: (chuckling) Oh yes, I remember that ancient relic. We really have come a long way when it comes to portable audio technology. And did I mention the $12 price tag?

Maria: (laughing) I still can't believe you got them that cheap. You'll have to teach me your secrets, Howard.

Howard: (smirking) Maybe one day, Maria. But for now, let's celebrate today's victory with some hot chocolate and our favorite tunes on these fantastic new speakers.

Maria: (smiling) Sounds like a perfect way to end this Black Friday evening. You really are the king of Black Friday, Howard.

[Scene 2: Maria and Howard enjoy their hot chocolate and listen to music on the newly acquired speakers]

[End of Dialogue]