Quintessentially British: glass designer Geoffrey Baxter
In last week’s article I looked back to see how in 1834, three years before Queen Victoria ascended the throne, an entrepreneurial wine merchant, James Powell, purchased Whitefriars, a relatively obscure 17th-century London glassworks, and how over the following 100 years he and his descendants, as James Powell & Sons, transformed it into a decorative glass manufacturer of international standing.

This week I want to focus on how the company (which changed its name back to Whitefriars Glass Ltd, in 1962) revived former glories after the severe economic downturn of the Second World War, and how Geoffrey Baxter, a Royal College of Art graduate who joined the firm in 1954, became one of the leading players in post-war British design.

Some of the stylistic groundwork for Baxter’s now much sought-designs was laid down in the late 1930s in Scandinavia, where companies such as Orrefors, in Sweden, began to produce new, organically shaped pieces that were to prove such a success in the post-war Europe of the late 1940s and 1950s. This Soft Modern style was initially taken up at Whitefriars by designer James Hogan, just before the war, and then after it by chief designer and managing director William Wilson. When Baxter joined much of his initial output, in the form of coloured (often two-tone) cased and mould-blown pieces, displayed the smooth, clean, organic lines characteristic of contemporary Scandinavian design. However, during the 1960s he began to develop his own highly distinctive style.

As before, nature provided much of the inspiration, but now organic texture rather than organic shape became the focus. Baxter experimented with numerous methods of producing texture – including lining the glass moulds with materials as diverse as tree bark, bricks, copper wire, and nail heads – and most proved highly effective, as the illustrated examples reveal.

They also convey Baxter’s equally distinctive use of colour. You should note that some colours are more desirable to current collectors than others. For example, as a rule-of-thumb Tangerine commands a quarter to a third the price of, Aubergine and Pewter about half the price of, the greenish-grey coloured Willow, while pale green Meadow or vibrant Kingfisher blue will cost, in an equivalent vessel, about twice as much. However, all encapsulate not only Baxter’s individual style, but also much of the spirit of the vibrant, dynamic, pop-and-rock driven Swinging Sixties and early Seventies.

It wasn’t, however, just texture and colour that defined Baxter’s style and captured the essence of the time. A third element, and the one that does most to distinguish him from his Scandinavian contemporaries, is his use of form: shapes such as Banjo, Totem, TV, Coffin, Nuts & Bolts and, above all, the amusingly asymmetrical and now iconic Drunken Bricklayer, are not only significantly less austere, more geometric, more urban, and far quirkier than their Scandinavian counterparts, they are also in these respects quintessentially British.
What is a short summary of the above article?