Summarize this article:

Test it out, observe and study your subject.  Be objective and look at everything as if you have never seen it before. Observe it as if it's a totally unique thing, but most importantly, observe your relationship or interaction with the experience and the object. The ways we can learn the most about a subject as well as how to gain the best outcome is to observe our relationships - how do we feel about the experience - is the mind open or closed to the experience?  This helps you observe life more completely, rather than being selective, or allowing parts of the mind to cloud the issue.  Ask yourself often to identify what you see, as you might not always know, even if you do identify it but a secondary feeling or idea arises, then identify that as well. Once you can identify them, you can explore them, just like once you've identified the pieces of the jigsaw puzzle, you can start to put the puzzle together and you can gain practical understanding and skills. Luckily, in essence there are very few cases when the solution to many of our life challenges aren't already within the problem we experience - or in essence, our relationship with the problem. By exploring the foundation of the problem, a solution can be found, or if a solution is simply impossible, then a person can then start to come to terms with accepting the realities of life and finding a silver lining or creative opportunity if they are practical. In life aspects, many of our frustrations, unhappiness, depression and sorrows happen because we aren't looking at things completely and applying our understanding, or observing the issue to understand it. Generally it is wise to go back to the beginning and examine the central facts and test those in relation to what you see. You might be studying to gain an insight into a maths project, but if you are too tired or not interested then it is useful to identify this feeling as this is your relationship with the subject. Sincerity is actually deep in the practice and benefits of understanding. If you are seeing something that is real and can be retested to give the same result, then you will have to satisfy yourself that it is what it is. It might mean consequently you have to let go of other ideas or wishes, but ultimately that is up to you to let them go, because you cannot progress beyond these hurdles. You have to climb over them until you can leap over them. For example, it took a while until you could repeat the alphabet without error. Some people can learn it quickly, but these are very rare people so it pays to keep observing and learning. Very often things can suddenly make sense (like a "light-bulb moment"), even things you have seen dozens of times before. Through life experience, your mind develops the tools needed to put together pieces of the puzzle, as well as identify different angles and ways that the experience can be improved. The mind is often able to relate what has been seen to prior experiences in order to make connections. By using an inward observation, eventually even this tool and skill gathering becomes apparent.