Question: Information:  - Smolensk Oblast ("Smolenskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Smolensk. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 985,537.  - Belarus ( lat. ', ), officially the Republic of Belarus, formerly known by its Russian name Byelorussia (though this name is no longer used in Belarus itself, even in Russian language), is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe bordered by Russia to the northeast, Ukraine to the south, Poland to the west, and Lithuania and Latvia to the northwest. Its capital and most populous city is Minsk. Over 40% of its is forested. Its strongest economic sectors are service industries and manufacturing. Until the 20th century, different states at various times controlled the lands of modern-day Belarus, including the Principality of Polotsk (11th to 14th centuries), the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, the PolishLithuanian Commonwealth, and the Russian Empire.  - Bryansk Oblast ("Bryanskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Bryansk. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 1,278,217.  - Russia (from the  Rus'), also officially known as the Russian Federation, is a country in Eurasia. At , Russia is the largest country in the world by surface area, covering more than one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area, and the ninth most populous, with over 140 million people at the end of March 2016. The European western part of the country is much more populated and urbanised than the eastern, about 77% of the population live in European Russia. Russia's capital Moscow is one of the largest cities in the world, other major urban centers include Saint Petersburg, Novosibirsk, Yekaterinburg, Nizhny Novgorod and Samara.  - Mogilev Region, also Mahilyow Voblasts (Province) or Mogilyov Oblast ("Mahilioskaja voblas" "Mogilyovskaya Oblast"), is a region (voblast) of Belarus with its administrative center at Mogilev (Mahilyow).  - Mogilev (or Mahilyow; acinka: "Mahilio"  ;  "Molyev") is a city in eastern Belarus, about from the border with Russia's Smolensk Oblast and from the border with Russia's Bryansk Oblast. , its population was 360,918, up from an estimated 106,000 in 1956. It is the administrative centre of Mogilev Region and the third largest city in Belarus.  - Vital Alyaksandravich Lanko ( Belarusian :    , Russian :    , Vitali Aleksandrovich Lanko ) ( born 4 April 1977 in Mogilev ) is a former Belarusian football striker of Romani descent . He made his debut for the national side on 19 February 2004 , in the 0:2 loss against Romania in an exhibition match .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'vital lanko' exhibits the relationship of 'place of birth'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - belarus  - bryansk  - center  - centre  - grand duchy of lithuania  - latvia  - lithuania  - march  - mogilev region  - mogilyov  - moscow  - of  - petersburg  - poland  - republic  - russia  - russian empire  - samara  - smolensk  - smolensk oblast  - ukraine
Answer: