Election Romney’s Advice To Students: Borrow Money From Your Parents CREDIT: 
  
 If you’re young and you want to start your own business, Mitt Romney’s has some advice from you: Borrow money from your parents. At a “lecture” for students at Otterbein University in Ohio today, Mitt Romney told students that, his friend, Jimmy John, started a business by borrowing $20,000 from his parents at a low interest rate. Romney suggested anyone in the audience could do the same: 
  
 This kind of devisiveness, this attack of success, is very different than what we’ve seen in our country’s history. We’ve always encouraged young people: Take a shot, go for it, take a risk, get the education, borrow money if you have to from your parents, start a business. 
  
 Watch it: 
  
 The advice fits right into the characterization that Romney is ‘out of touch’ with regular people. Most students don’t have parents with $20,000 in disposable capital sitting around to give to their kids to start a business. 
  
 At least it’s more than Romney’s surrogates had to offer young people on their youth policy conference call this week. ||||| Jay Laprete/Getty Images 
  
 WESTERVILLE, Ohio – This is the story of two John’s – Jimmy John’s and Papa John’s. 
  
 Both have made it big in the fast food world. Mitt Romney, it turns out, has met both of them. And he likes their stories. 
  
 Because their stories are a bit like his own (in some respects, anyway). They are entrepreneurs – and, usefully, they are emblems of the economic opportunity in America that Mr. Romney highlights in just about every campaign speech he delivers. 
  
 On Friday afternoon here, Mr. Romney recounted their tales during a guest lecture to students at Otterbein University, a private liberal arts college in suburban Ohio. 
  
 Mr. Romney started with Jimmy John, the founder of Jimmy John’s Gourmet Sandwiches. 
  
 “He graduated from high school and he didn’t want to go to college,” Mr. Romney said. “And he said to his dad, can I borrow some money, I want to start a business.” 
  
 His father was skeptical, but he loaned him $20,000. “The only thing that would work for $20,000 was a sandwich shop, so he started making sandwiches,” Mr. Romney said. 
  
 The rest, Mr. Romney said, is more or less history. His outfit went national. “His sandwiches are doing pretty well,” Mr. Romney said, chuckling. 
  
 Mr. Romney encouraged the students in the room to follow Mr. John’s path. “Take, take a shot, go for it. Take a risk. Get the education. Borrow money if you have to from your parents. Start a business.” 
  
 This led, naturally, to the second John. “The other night I was with, another restaurant guy, Papa John,” Mr. Romney said. He did not say how the two had met, but given Mr. Romney’s heavy schedule of fundraisers these days, there is a strong chance it was at one of them. 
  
 “I think he said it was in 1966 he opened his first pizza restaurant and today employs thousands of people,” Mr. Romney said. 
  
 “We welcome that. We celebrate that in this country. It’s one of the reasons we are the nation we are.” |||||

Write a summary.