Please answer the following question: Information:  - Gautam Shiknis is the Founder and MD of Palador Pictures , a company that acquires award - winning foreign language films called World cinema and distributes them via different modes including DVD , TV and Theater in the Indian Subcontinent . The company owns close to 1000 of these World cinema titles and claim it to be ... the world 's greatest cinema selection ... Gautam is an MBA and started his career with Saatchi and Saatchi . In September 2000 founded Theory M , a data analytics company which used technology for the first time in direct marketing . His next ventures were to form Goldfish Consulting Pvt. Ltd. and Frequency Entertainment . He also consulted for A Little World Pvt. Ltd. during this period . Gautam began work in 2005 on a concept called Reeload Film Festival a year - round film festival for World Cinema . Later he founded Palador Pictures with Mohan Polamar , to bring the then almost non-prevalent World Cinema and foreign language films into India . The company is promoting them via DVD , Television and Theatrical Releases in the country . Gautam has travelled extensively in India and abroad to popularize the concept of World cinema and has participated in a number of international film festivals . Gautam is also a writer having written Meet Moriarty a collection of short stories in 2004 which was critically well received . He is also a visiting faculty for technology in marketing and direct marketing at the NMIMS University .  - A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. This optical illusion causes the audience to perceive continuous motion between separate objects viewed rapidly in succession. The process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects.  - World cinema is a term used primarily in English-speaking countries to refer to the films and film industries of non-English-speaking countries. It is therefore often used interchangeably with the term foreign film. However, both "world cinema" and "foreign film" could be taken to refer to the films of all countries other than one's own, regardless of native language.  - Palador Pictures (also Palador Pictures Private Limited) is a content production, programming and publishing company operating from Mumbai, India, dealing mainly with the acquisition and distribution of foreign language films, also known as World cinema in the Indian subcontinent through DVD, television and theatre.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'gautam shiknis' exhibits the relationship of 'place of birth'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - india  - mumbai  - of
Answer: