In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Armour thyroid is an animal-source thyroid replacement used in the treatment of hypothyroidism. It’s used as hormone replacement therapy for people with hypothyroidism. It is also used to reduce the size of goiters and to treat thyroid cancer.  It is a natural mix of pig-derived thyroid hormones. It is measured as grains, and the doses range from ¼ grain to five grains. It is an alternative to synthetic, man-made thyroid hormone replacement. The symptoms of hypothyroidism include fatigue, dry, coarse hair, hair loss, dry skin, wanting to sleep often, intolerance to cold, decreased heart rate, swelling of the thyroid gland (goiter), unexplained weight gain or difficulty losing weight, constipation, and depression. Since Armour thyroid is prescribed for hypothyroidism or associated conditions, you must go to your doctor. Hypothyroidism is diagnosed by symptoms and lab tests. Your doctor will perform a physical exam to check your thyroid. Your doctor will also take a medical history and have you provide a list of symptoms.  Your doctor will also do lab tests, checking things like your thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH). If your doctor believes you have need to undergo thyroid treatment, your doctor will discuss your options with you. If your doctor believes you need Armour thyroid, you will be started on the lowest dose, which is ¼ grain. You will be required to go back to the doctor in one to two months. The TSH levels will be remeasured every four to six weeks. Your doctor will look at your TSH levels and adjust the dosage of Armour thyroid so that the TSH values fall within a range between 0.5 and 4.0 mIU/L. Since the TSH level range is rather wide, you will need to keep track of your symptoms during the first few months of taking Armour thyroid. Keep aware of how you are feeling so you can talk to your doctor.  Some people don’t feel well unless their TSH levels go below 1.0. Others feel much better with higher TSH levels. TSH levels can be very individualized, so your doctor will work with you to find the proper dosage. Keep up with any fatigue or wanting to sleep more, changes in your hair, dry skin, sensitivity to cold, swelling of the throat, unexplained weight gain or difficulty losing weight, constipation, and feelings of depression. Once your personal optimal dose of Armour thyroid is achieved, you will likely stay on this dosage level for life. This helps keep your TSH levels at the appropriate place. You should, however, be aware that the dosage required can change. This can happen because of disease, stress, menopause, injury, or trauma. Make certain you talk to your doctor about the level of Armour you take if you experience any of these events. For most people, taking their dose of Armour in the morning one hour before eating works best. However, some people do better taking Armour and any other thyroid HRT in the evening. The only way to know is to try Armour at different times. Talk to your physician about the best way to do this to avoid any unpleasant side effects or other problems.

Summary: