Summarize this article:

Playing with other vaccinated dogs is a normal part of your dog's puppyhood. And just like your own childhood, this is a time for exploration and learning lessons. Regular play with other well-mannered dogs, who don't need to act to teach bite inhibition, will encourage her to play nicely around other dogs and you. Consider enrolling your puppy in a puppy training class, where your dog can learn essential skills while having fun. Take out a toy or bone and let her bite on it. This will teach her that her teeth belong on a toy or bone instead of on your skin. Playing rough with your hands is plenty fun, but it might be giving your puppy the wrong idea. Encourage other forms of play that don't involve your puppy nipping at your fingers, hands, ankles, and toes.  Learn how to play fetch with your dog. Stick to the same rules every time you play. Learn how to play tug-of-war with your dog. Stick to the same rules to encourage your puppy to stop mouthing if she gets close to your hands. Provide plenty of interesting and new toys so that you keep your dog engaged. A bored dog is a lot more likely to seek attention from you by biting. Cycle out your toys so that your dog is less likely to get bored. Before you start playing with your dog, spray a taste deterrent on areas of your body and clothes that you dog likes to play rough with. When your dog starts biting you, stop all movement and wait for her to react to the taste deterrent. Praise her and continue playing with her when she lets go.  Some options for taste deterrents include bitter apple, vapor rub, tea tree oil, or white vinegar.  Alternatively, you can spray breath freshener spray (such as Binaca) into the puppy’s mouth as both a taste and sound deterrent at the moment of a bite. Spray the taste deterrent on your body and clothes (if it is fabric-safe) for at least two weeks. After two weeks, your puppy will likely have developed a strong distaste for your hands and ankles. A well-exercised puppy (exercised to the point of being tired) will not be as rough when playing with you. This will help avoid forming bad habits in the first place.  A tired puppy is often a well-behaved puppy. It's sometimes tempting to want to physically punish your puppy by slapping, hitting, or waving your fingers in her face. The problem is that these responses can do one of two things: they can encourage your puppy to continue playing rough, or they can encourage your puppy to act out with real aggression. Avoid other methods of physical punishment that might scare or intimidate your puppy. If you are contemplating this sort of retaliation, you should contact a professional dog trainer or veterinary behaviorist for assistance. You might not enjoy being bitten every time you go out to play with your puppy, but you do want to forge a real bond between you and your puppy, and playing is partly how you do this. Don't give up on play time just because your puppy doesn't yet know how to play gentle. Teaching her the difference between right and wrong, not abandoning play altogether, will be best for both of you.

Summary: