By. Daily Mail Reporter. Getting ready to have the family round can be a hectic experience for any new mother. So imagine the pressure if you were preparing to welcome Queen Elizabeth, along with Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, for afternoon tea. Fortunately for the Duchess of Cambridge she has an army of helpers on hand to help beautify her and calm baby George while her domesticated husband William helps in the kitchen. Move over Bradley Cooper: The Queen takes charge of the ultimate selfie on an Alison Jackson shoot. Spoof photographer Alison Jackson has created a set of pictures imagining Kate's first Mother's Day. And new behind-the-scenes video captures the organised chaos behind the photoshoot. Kate, who is actually the UK's top lookalike Gabriella Douglas, is seen being bronzed while wearing rollers and a dressing gown. Meanwhile. a very cute baby George lookalike toddles around as Carole Middleton. gets her wig checked and Prince William gets the party started by taking. selfies with his grandmother, the Queen. The. video has been released by online brand notonthehighstreet.com who. commissioned the spoof photo shoot as part of their celebration of. Mother's Day. The pictures are supposed to offer a 'fly on the wall' look at how the. Kate and William might choose to spend the day in their newly-renovated. apartment, 1A Kensington Palace. notonthehighstreet.com's Andy. Botha said: 'We've all at some point imagined the day to day life of the. Royals and pictured the most famous family in the world doing normal. things to mark occasions like birthdays and Christmas. Corgis: The Queen's iPhone holder features her beloved dogs. What no blow dry? Lookalike Kate makes do with DIY rollers. 'Kate's. first Mother's Day will clearly be a big event for the new family and. with tongue firmly in cheek, we're imagining this less than ordinary. couple celebrating the day just as the rest of us would. 'After all every Mum wants to be treated like a Duchess on Mother's Day.' The future King and his young  family have proved a popular subject for photographer Jackson. She. has recently recreated the three of them enjoying a bubble bath. together, as well as pictures of the new Royal parents getting to  grips. with changing nappies and breastfeeding. Centre of attention: Camilla is left holding the baby as the Queen and Kate sup tea from mugs with apt slogan 'Mummy rules' in one of the final images. Curl up: Rollers aren't just for being chauffeured in...Kate looks after her hair and her son, while William puts and eye mask on to catch 40 winks. Down the hatch: Camilla downs her champers as William hands out the canapes, staring with mother-in-law Carole. Say Cheese! This'll look goof on the future stamps! William takes a family selfie, as their cocker spaniel Lupo tries to get in on the act. His Royal fryness: As his wife opens her first Mother's Day card with a morning glass of bubbly, the Duke of Cambridge rustles up an egg. And what do you do? Old habits die hard as the Queen shakes George's hand when the clan gather with tea and gifts.
Summarize the highlights of this article.