By. Chris Pleasance for MailOnline. North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un has been pictured visiting a seafood factory shortly after conducting a controversial missile test which has worsened relations with South Korea. In echoes of David Cameron's photo opportunity in a fish market in Portugal last week, Kim inspected the newly commissioned Kalma foodstuff factory in Kangwon province today. Kim was all smiles during the official visit, despite earlier conducting a high-precision missile test that was widely condemned by neighboring South Korea. Kim Jong Un visits a seafood factory in North Korea today a day after controversial missile tests. Kim laughed and joked with staff from the Kalma factory in the country's southern Kangwon province. Kim is often pictured giving 'field guidance' to the country's workers as part of government propaganda. South Korea protested that one of the missiles was fired just half an hour before the Pope was due to land in the southern nation while conducting his first visit to Asia. The rockets were fired from multiple launchers in the North Korean port city of Wonsan and travelled 135 miles before landing in waters east of the Korean peninsula, a South Korean defence ministry official said yesterday. However, an official from North Korea dismissed the idea that the launches had anything to do with the Pope's visit as 'nonsense'. Kim In Yong, research director at the Second Academy of Natural Sciences, said:'The test firing of ultra-precision high-performance tactical rockets was conducted on the scheduled day and time along with our plan to strengthen our self defensive power. 'Our scientists do not know what the pope has done for the people of the world, and especially for our nation, and we don't feel any necessity to know about it. Some of the pictures bear an eerie resemblance to pictures taken of David and Samantha Cameron last week. The day before visiting the fish factory Kim was pictured joking with military chiefs as he tested missiles. The missile test was widely condemned by neighbour South Korea as it prepares for military exercises. 'And we don't know and are not interested in the purpose of his visit to Korea.' The launches preceded the start of U.S.-South Korean military exercises set for Monday. Seoul and Washington say the exercises are purely defensive but North Korea regularly protests against what it sees as a rehearsal for war. In Friday's statement, Kim said the South should call off the drills in order to promote a peaceful atmosphere ahead of the Asian Games, set for next month in Incheon, South Korea. North Korea last fired short-range rockets in late July but has since said repeatedly that the launches are specifically designed as counter measures against those drills. 'Given that the U.S. and the puppet forces of South Korea continue staging nuclear war exercises against us in particular, we will take countermeasures for self-defence which will include missile launches, nuclear tests and all other programmes,' a statement carried by North Korean state media last Friday said.
What are the important parts of this article?