Please briefly summarize this news article:

£9m worth of Kim Kardashian's jewellery could be sold in London’s famous Hatton Garden district

The ex-Flying Squad cop also believes the "French" gang plotted raid by following her social media activity

That’s what a former Met Police Chief Inspector believes will happen.

Peter Kirkham, who worked in the Flying Squad which investigates armed robbery, reckons Kim’s valuables will be broken up and sold in London.

The terrifying raid happened at her plush Paris apartment this morning.

Robbers pretending to be cops stole her £3.5 million engagement ring – and another £5 million worth of jewellery.

“It’s the sort of crime you can do in pretty much any city in the world – you don’t need to come to France to nick Kim Kardashian’s stuff.”

It is feared that the £3.5million ring could be the 20-carat second engagement ring given to her by husband Kanye West.

Kim, 35, was tied up in the bathroom and had a gun held to her head as the raiders snatched her jewels.

The reality star was unharmed but “shaken” and fled on a private jet after the raid.

Mr Kirkham, who runs his own security consultancy, said the jewels will already be broken up and could end up in London’s Hatton Garden.

He said: "Most jewellery is broken almost immediately.

"The pieces tend to be recognisable so they will be broken up unless there is a particular buyer.

"If it gets sold through Belgium or Amsterdam it could come into London.

"Hatton Garden is an international market so it's definitely an option."

Mr Kirkham believes the robbers were local, adding: "It's impossible to say but my guess would a French gang. There are probably organised crime gangs in Paris that are capable.

"It's not that big. It's not that high-end that I'd expect people to travel internationally to do it.

"It's a good robbery but it's not a speed-boat-getaway sort of thing."

Kim's husband Kanye West raced off stage after leaning of the of incident in the middle of a performance at The Meadows Music and Arts Festival in New York.

He has no doubt that the robbery was planned instead of carried out by opportunists.

He said: "It was definitely planned. I suspect it's an experienced gang who have worked together before.

"I suspect they knew what they were going to get."

And he added the crime should act as a stark warning about the dangers of over-sharing on social media.

He said: "It might not have been headline news where Kim was staying but I suspect it was anything but a secret.

"The robbers probably found out via social media. Information is not that difficult to find out.

"It's a warning to anybody, not just celebrities."

A photographer who posed as a policeman to spy on Kim Kardashian in a restaurant earlier this week is being questioned by police.

Sisters Kourtney and Kendall were saying at the nearby Peninsula Hotel. Hours before all three sisters attended an after-party following Kendall's appearance in the Givenchy fashion show.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

Summary: