What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Owning any business is a extraordinary commitment. To make it as an entrepreneur, you must be willing to work seven days out of the week. This will often involve long, sleepless nights of coming up with new ideas and working out solutions to problems that spring up along the way. Before you take on the challenge, be sure that you have the determination to stick with it.  Your new distillery won’t be making any money in its infancy. Unless you have a benefactor or receive a sizable business loan, you’ll likely have to juggle the responsibilities of devising a business strategy while working other jobs to pay the rent. Speak to other entrepreneurs who have opened their own distilleries and ask if they have any helpful advice to share with you. There’s a lot of legal regulation surrounding breweries, distilleries and other businesses that manufacture and sell alcohol. First, you’ll have to obtain a distiller’s permit from the appropriate government agency. Following that, you’ll need to be approved for a liquor license and other applicable permits at the state or local level. Without the proper paperwork, you won’t be able to move forward with opening your distillery.  Those living in the United States can visit the website of the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau to complete the application process for a distiller's permit, as well as request additional information and materials.  The legal processes involved with starting a distillery are straightforward, but can be time-consuming. It’s best to get started as soon as you’ve made up your mind to pursue your goal. To be the best you can possibly be at what you do, you’ll need to become a walking encyclopedia of liquor-related knowledge. Sample as many liquors as you can, visit other distilleries and keep your eyes and ears open for new developments in the industry. Always be looking to expand your knowledge on both the practical and business end of things.  Get in the habit of trying new brands and brews regularly. You should have a wealth of firsthand experience to be able to articulate the differences between your product and others. Attend distillery festivals and special events whenever possible. These types of events usually feature an enormous selection of craft spirits, and can provide a great hands-on learning opportunity. What can you do to make your distillery stand out among your competitors? You might plan on employing an inventive hybrid distilling method or incorporating never-before-seen ingredients into the mix. Or perhaps you’re determined to introduce people who don’t drink gin to the beverage in an enjoyable way. Whatever your approach may be, you should aim to proceed with a clear purpose in mind.  If you’re unable to come up with a clear answer to this question, you’ll likely have a harder time turning your brand into something truly special. While trying other liquors, make a list of what works, what’s missing and what could be done better. Direct comparison will put you on the right track to crafting a beverage that hits all the right notes.