Chandra Levy Topics Page

The mother of Washington intern Chandra Levy says she'd like to believe Ingmar Guandique is responsible for her daughter's death, but admits she has a sliver of doubt.

The man convicted of killing Washington intern Chandra Levy nearly a decade ago was sentenced Friday to 60 years in prison.

A 29-year-old Salvadoran in the United States illegally has been sentenced to 60 years in prison for the murder of federal intern Chandra Levy nearly 10 years ago. Ingmar Guandique won 't be eligible for parole until he is 80.

Lawyers for the man convicted of killing Washington intern Chandra Levy are asking for a new trial by claiming juror misconduct and an inappropriate closing argument by prosecutors.

Jurors on Monday wrapped up a decade-long Washington murder case that exposed an affair between an intern and a congressman.

to jail, and I pretended to forget. Except eight years later my attacker, Ingmar Guandique, was charged with the murder of Chandra Levy, whose body I had surely run within yards of that day in the spring of 2001. The whole story at the link. My friend Sergeant

Levy's killer Prosecutors are seeking a life sentence without possibility of parole for the man convicted of killing Chandra Levy. NEW HAVEN, Conn. -- He's accused of one of the most heinous crimes in Connecticut history, a gruesome home invasion in

named the detective of the year. Williams took over the cold-case investigation into the death of federal intern Chandra Levy. Ingmar Guandique was convicted in November of murdering Levy. • Sergeant of the Year Anthony Greene, the supervisor of the 7th District's

that resulted in the slayings of eight people. WASHINGTON - Attorneys for the man convicted of killing one-time intern Chandra Levy are seeking a new trial. MEDFORD, Ore. -- An Oregon death sentence for a California man convicted of murdering a lesbian

and Squad 1 at 87 percent). Detective of the Year was shared by Detective Kenneth "Todd" Williams for his work on the Chandra Levy murder investigation that ended with the conviction of Ingmar Guandique on first degree murder charges. He also received an oversized

A jury convicted Salvadoran immigrant Ingmar Guandique of the killing of Washington intern Chandra Levy.

Former California Rep. Gary Condit told jurors Monday that he didn't murder Chandra Levy and insisted he cooperated fully with police when they investigated the Washington intern's disappearance nearly a decade ago.

Prosecutors acknowledged Monday that police made a huge mistake nearly a decade ago when they focused on then-Congressman Gary Condit in the disappearance of Washington intern Chandra Levy, but they told a jury they now have the right man.

Jury selection began Monday in the murder trial of a man accused of killing federal intern Chandra Levy nearly a decade ago, a case that derailed a California congressman's career and generated headlines around the world.

Too Much Money, Dominick Dunne's final novel, is familiar turf for Dunne fans the Upper East Side of New York, the corner booth at Swifty's.
What are the most important parts of this text?