Article: If you had someone break up with you, one of your first thoughts might be that of revenge, especially if you didn’t see the breakup coming.  You may think that getting revenge on the person who broke up with you might make you feel better, or at the very least give you a sense of justice, but it won’t.  Revenge will just end up making you feel worse.  Don’t make any decisions after a break up until you are calm and rational.  Give yourself time to heal before you ‘do’ anything. You most likely want revenge because you feel your trust has been broken, but getting revenge is not going to help to restore any of that trust. Whether you were the one who initiated the break-up, or someone broke up with you, you need to let go of any regret you may harbour.  If someone broke up with you, you likely had little or no control over the event, so it is a waste of your time to dwell on what might have been.  If you broke up with someone, you probably had a good reason.  Remind yourself of that good reason when you start to feel regretful in order to demonstrate to yourself why you shouldn’t be upset you broke up with someone.  Regardless of what happened, take the time to look at what weaknesses you might have that lead to the breakup. Whether you discover weaknesses or mistakes, realize that this is your change you learn from them.  How can you do things differently in the future? Focus on things you can control and change.  Try not to worry about the things out of your control. Whether you broke up with someone, or someone broke up with you, it is really easy to think of all the negative things that came from the breakup — things like feeling depressed and lonely.  Try not to focus on these negative things, instead look at all the good and positive things that can (or have) come from the breakup.  Write your feelings in a journal.  Write specifically about the positive things that have happened because of the breakup. These positive things might be things you learned while in the relationship, or they may be the good reasons why the breakup was necessary.  They can also include the positive outcomes that have resulted because of the breakup. Before you started to date this person you probably had a routine that you followed regularly.  That routine was probably dropped or changed once you started dating.  Now that you no longer have anyone else to worry about, get back into your routine.  Start up your normal exercise routine again.  Get back into the shape you were before the relationship. Spend more time working on extra work or home projects, anything you put aside during your relationship because you had no time. Plan and cook healthy meals regularly. Schedule and attend any missed or delayed appointments such as the dentist or the eye doctor. When in a relationship you always have two people on the top of your priority list — you and your partner.  Now that you’re no longer in a relationship you can concentrate on just taking care of yourself and making yourself the priority.  Avoid sacrificing your time for others, make yourself the priority everyday.

What is a summary?