Article: It is important that you follow your doctor's discontinuation plan faithfully and exactly. Even slight deviations from your doctor's plan could have negative implications for your well-being and safe discontinuation from psychiatric drugs.  To help keep you on track, create a schedule for yourself in your calendar that lists exactly what you need to do and when. Ask a trusted family member or friend to remind you to check your calendar and to stay on track in following your discontinuation plan. Ask your doctor what steps you should take if you ever accidentally deviate from your discontinuation plan. Prepare yourself to suffer some type of symptoms or side effects from the weaning process including flu-like symptoms such as nausea, diarrhea, headache, vomiting, fatigue and chills.  Sleep-related and emotional side effects may plague you for anywhere from 1 to 7 weeks, including insomnia, vivid dreams, impaired concentration, irritability and sometimes suicidal thoughts.  Other physical symptoms or side effects could include muscle pain, dizziness, sweating, blurred vision, tingling or electric shock sensations.  Be sure to ask your doctor what withdrawal symptoms are most likely based on your diagnosis and psychiatric drug you are getting off of. Do not assume your prescribing physician is an expert on psychiatric drugs and the discontinuation process. General physicians are qualified to prescribe medications, to be sure, however, they may not be experts in the intricacies of psychiatric drugs and their discontinuation processes, as much as psychiatrists are.  There are several questions you can ask your doctor. For example, you can ask your doctor whether she is familiar with the different treatment options for getting off the drug you are on.  You can ask your doctor how much experience she has in treating the disorder you were diagnosed with and how much experience she has with the discontinuation process for the drug you are on. Your mental and physical health are at stake here. Do not be shy when you ask questions. If your doctor is any good, she will be understanding of your situation and will appreciate or tolerate your questions as a part of her job in making sure patients are treated properly and treated well. If your doctor dismisses your questions or immediately agrees to take you off of your drug, consider getting a second opinion from a different psychiatrist. The cost of getting a second opinion is probably smaller than the cost of taking bad advice regarding your getting off of psychiatric drugs, so if you are worried about the advice you are getting, try for a second opinion. Sometimes withdrawal symptoms can take weeks or even months to appear so if you are getting off of a psychiatric drug, you should check in regularly with the doctor getting you off of that drug. Tell your doctor you are concerned about withdrawal symptoms and follow their guidance for how often they think you should check in with them. They may also be able to give you specific symptoms to watch out for based on your particular diagnosis and psychiatric drug.

What is a summary?