Hoping to rebound from back-to-back losses, the Broncos traveled to Soldier Field to face the Chicago Bears. It was the first start for quarterback Brock Osweiler, substituting for the injured Peyton Manning. The Broncos grabbed the lead on their initial possession, when Osweiler, playing on his 25th birthday, connected with wide receiver Demaryius Thomas on a 48-yard touchdown pass. The Bears got on the scoreboard in the second quarter, with two field goals by placekicker Robbie Gould &#8212; from 46 and 37 yards out. The Broncos increased their lead to 10-6, with a 24-yard field goal by placekicker Brandon McManus as time expired in the second half. Midway through the third quarter, Broncos' linebacker Danny Trevathan intercepted a pass by Bears' quarterback Jay Cutler deep in Bears' territory. Six plays later, the Broncos were attempting to add to their lead on a 4th-and-goal, however, the Bears' defense prevailed after running back Ronnie Hillman was inadvertently tripped by Owseiler on the hand off at the 2-yard line. The Bears then marched down the field, and another 37-yard field goal by Gould narrowed the Broncos' lead to 10-9 near the end of the third quarter. The Broncos then increased their lead to 17-9 early in the fourth quarter, when Osweiler fired a 10-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Cody Latimer, who was playing in place of the injured Emmanuel Sanders. The Bears once again marched down the field, and were facing a 4th-and-goal from the Broncos' 4-yard line, however, a pass from Cutler to running back Jeremy Langford was broken up by Broncos' cornerback Aqib Talib with ten minutes remaining in the game. The Broncos' offense chewed up six minutes of the clock, but were forced to punt, giving the football back to the Bears with 4:23 remaining. On the sixth play of the Bears' next drive, Broncos' linebacker Von Miller forced a strip sack and fumble off Cutler at the Broncos' 35-yard line, which was recovered by defensive end Malik Jackson with 2:30 remaining. However, the Broncos' offense went three-and-out, though they forced the Bears to burn two of their three team timeouts. Just after the two minute warning, the Bears marched down the field, and finally got into the end zone with only 29 seconds remaining, with Langford lunging for a 2-yard touchdown run. However, the Broncos' defense denied a two-point conversion running attempt by Langford, which would have tied the game. The Bears' subsequent onside kick was unsuccessful, and the Broncos' offense ran out the clock. NotesThis was the first game this season in which the Broncos' offense did not commit any turnovers. This was Bears' head coach John Fox's first game against the Broncos since mutually parting ways with the Broncos following the end of the 2014 season. It also marked Jay Cutler's first game against the Broncos, who drafted Cutler in the first round of the 2006 draft before he was traded to the Bears prior to the 2009 season. Cutler did not play when the Broncos and Bears last faced each in other in 2011 due to a thumb injury.

How many yards longer was the first touchdown than the last one?