Write some highlights for the following article:

They say lightning doesn't strike twice but among some gullible Chelsea fans that phrase doesn't appear to apply. A year ago talkSPORT, managed to dupe some Blues supporters into believing that their club was linked with various players during the January transfer window - only for those names to be made up.And 12 months on, the radio station has been at it again outside Stamford Bridge - with the theme being of Star Wars characters this time around dubbed as 'Transfer Wars'. VIDEO Scroll down to see Chelsea fans fooled in Star Wars transfer target prank. Chelsea fans were duped into believing that players based on Star Wars characters were transfer targets. TalkSPORT dubbed the video 'Transfer Wars' in relation to the sci-fi franchise theme. Keen to prove their unrelenting passion for the club though, fans claim to have seen 'trio' JJ Binks (Jar Jar Binks), Artur Detur (R2-D2) and Stew Bacca (Chewbacca) - with all three reported welcome additions to Jose Mourinho's squad. Binks, a centre back or a left winger from the MLS, is described by one fan as the 'new John Terry,' while another says he will be a good signing on the flanks. Bacca is mentioned to play in the similar mould of his older 'brother' Carlos - the Sevilla and Colombia international striker. Unlike his 28-year-old 'sibling' though, Bacca's main 'attributes' are his ability to play as a target man. The 6ft 5in forward would be a welcome addition according to the Blues faithful and is seen as an ideal replacement for club legend Didier Drogba. 'Stew Bacca' was seen by fans as an ideal replacement for club legend Didier Drogba. 'Artur Detur' like JJ Binks is another young prospect who can play both as a centre back or as a left winger. Detur, like Binks, has the rare tactical flexibility to play in the heart of defence and or on the left flank - a trait that Chelsea supporters clearly feel would be a bonus commodity. The France star's potential arrival is one relished by the west London faithful, although one fan believes he needs another season before he can make a real impact at the club. Although the force is not with all Chelsea supporters, two were switched on to the prank. Upon hearing of Binks a male duo state that they have 'never heard of him,' before querying that the MLS prospect 'sounds like something out of Star Wars.' The duo's suspicions are confirmed upon hearing Detur's name but alas if only their fellow supporters were as clued up. The prank didn't fool these two Chelsea fans (centre and right) though who were wise to the made-up names. Luckily for them though there's no pulling the wool the eyes over Mourinho's side at present it seems, as the Blues continue to fight on all four fronts for silverware this season. Saturday's 2-0 win at home to Newcastle saw the Blues move two points clear of title rivals Manchester City at the top of the Premier League. Chelsea travel to Swansea next on Saturday evening looking for their 16th win in 22 league games. Oscar (centre) scored Chelsea's opener as they beat Newcastle 2-0 in the Premier League on Saturday.