Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Martin Robinson. Strife: Michael O'Leary's Ryanair has revealed its first drop in profits for five years but maintains their customer service is improving. Ryanair has suffered its first fall in annual profits for five years but maintains its much-maligned customer service is improving 'rapidly'. The budget airline has today revealed its post-tax profits were eight per cent lower at £426.5million (523million euros) to the end of March 2014 - down around £37million on a year earlier. The slide came despite boss Michael O'Leary's promise that the company would 'stop unnecessarily. p****** people off' and treating customers 'like the enemy'. Today the chief executive described the results as disappointing but said efforts. since September to reinvent Ryanair's image and reputation helped. passenger traffic rise four per cent in the second half of the year. After years of growth the budget airline was forced to issue an unprecedented two profits warnings in the past 12 months. O'Leary also decided to offer a more 'sophisticated' experience of passengers, including ending the scramble to get on his planes by offering allocated seating for almost £5. As part of ending the airline's 'over-abrupt', 'go to hell' culture, he also promised strict hand-luggage. restrictions would be relaxed. He also pledged not to overly penalise passengers who make a ‘genuine. mistake’ – such as forgetting to bring their boarding card, which often. results in a £70 charge to reprint them. Decline: The budget airline - which has been criticised for treating its passengers 'like the enemy' - was recently forced to issue its second profits warning in a year ahead of these disappointing results. Outspoken: Mr O'Leary, who has gained a. reputation as a corporate loudmouth, has been the face of Ryanair for. almost 20 years. He has seen it through two decades of extraordinary. growth. . The. airline, which operates more than 1,600 routes from 68 bases expects to fly 84.6 million passengers in the next year. Overall,. they are predicting a recovery in profits for the current year to. between £473 million and £505.6million. Over the next five years, the airline plans to grow to more. than 110 million customers a year, it said. Mr O'Leary, who has gained a reputation as a corporate loudmouth, has been the face of Ryanair for almost 20 years. But in the past 12 months, under pressure over customer service, he has said he wants to change his ways. Over the autumn a charm offensive backfired when the outspoken tycoon. was bombarded on Twitter after agreeing to host a question-and-answer. session from customers. He posted a picture of himself on the social networking site dressed as a leprechaun before fielding tweets. Many. customers told Mr O'Leary what an ‘a***hole’ they thought he was - with. user Andrew Riddell asking him: 'Have you by any chance just hired. British Gas's former head of publicity you Plum'. The. Ryanair boss replied: 'Hey, don't call me plum. Pudding would be more. accurate!', before later admitting: 'I'm an a***hole. But they still. love me.'