Write highlights for this article:

Everyone knows that break ups can be hard. But if you thought the end of your last relationship was awkward, spare a thought for these former lovers whose text messages to their ex-partners have been shared with the world via a new Instagram feed. Texts From Your Ex promises the spurned lovers, or the ones who broke their hearts the chance to share the most cringeworthy, angry, and sometimes heartbreaking messages sent by their one-time paramour. Promising 'real texts from real exes', the account invites former boyfriends and girlfriends the chance to vent their anger, or share their amusement, by sending screenshots of the SMS conversations in via email, or through Instagram. Already the account has nearly 85,000 followers, with 44 posts uploaded to the photo-sharing site since it was set up a month ago. Here are some of the best... and worst. At least he has his mother: This boyfriend failed to win back the affection of his one-time flame by sharing that his mother had made him a 'delicious' meatloaf out of a gift of meat from his ex before their split. Sadly Kayley was not impressed. Not so pukka: Handing back each others possessions can be one of the hardest parts about a break up. And this former flame seems to want to give it one more shot before requesting the return of a Jamie Oliver book. Got the message yet? This former spouse's request to meet up for a drink didn't go down too well, and was followed by a question on the correct way to refer to divorce proceedings... before their conversation was shared with Texts From Your Ex on Instagram. Polite request: This goodnight message was met with more than a little anger from 'Adam's girlfriend', but she was kind enough to offer him up to her love rival when she is finished with him. B is for bad break up: Telling your ex they smell and look like a Sesame Street character might not go down too well a year after the end of your relationship, even if they do remind you of Cookie Monster. That clean feeling: After seven months you might think this ex-partner would have replaced their toothbrush. Anger: This spurned lover seems more than a little angry at their ex's advice to 'chill' and subsequent apology. Short and to the point? The anger behind this text message seems to be coming through loud and clear. Trying to make it work: Not even the promise of a wedding and a baby is likely to get this man back in his ex-girlfriend's good books after taking money from her wallet. Unsubscribe: This former partner's hopes of dealing with their ex-love in much the same way as an unwanted email does not appear to be working. A change of heart: Most exes find it a struggle to remember not to drink and text, and this drinker's attempt at covering their texting tracks wasn't much of a success either. Devil in disguise: Calling someone Satan is perhaps a little mean, but this former partner didn't seem to be picking up on the fact their ex did not want to talk. Heartfelt: Perhaps it took this ex-partner a long time to figure out their former lover wasn't really interested.