Here is an article:

On Saturday nights we like to go with the flow. We’re quite impulsive. If nothing’s happening and we’re really tired we’ll go to bed at 10 o’clock but we might equally look at our watches and go, “Oh my word, it’s two o’clock in the morning!”

Sometimes I’ll have a bunch of friends over for dinner, but more often than not I’ll put on a silk top, skinny leggings and heels and wander into town with Craig to meet whoever’s around for drinks and dinner. We like the Hudson Steakhouse which does melt-in-the-mouth steaks. Or we might drive out to Castle Combe, where there are lots of lovely places to eat.

I’m usually quite happy to do the driving and let Craig have the drinks. I love driving my electric car. When I was competing I spent my entire life travelling in airplanes around the world which isn’t very good for the environment so it’s a good feeling to know that you’re driving around in a car that has no emissions or fuel and can just be plugged in at night.

On Sunday mornings I might get into my car and go and have a little cuddle with Noah, my two-week-old nephew. After that Craig and I would probably go for lunch with my parents who live just outside Bath. My grandma lives with them and likes to have a traditional Sunday lunch. My mother always makes a very good apple crumble. After that we’ll get into our wellies and burn off the calories. In my childhood Dad would put his walking boots on after lunch and say, “Right, we’re off!’ Five hours later we’d still be walking. I still love it.

Amy wins gold at the Vancouver Winter Olympics in 2010

The thing that’s really missing from my life is a dog. I’ve wanted one since I was a little girl and my friends know me as “dog sitter Amy” because I’m always happy to babysit other people’s dogs. I almost bought a Hungarian Vizsla but then I got the Gadget Show job and realised I’d be going up and down between Bath and Birmingham, where the studio is, and travelling abroad a lot, which wouldn’t be fair. But as soon as things quieten down I’m going to get a dog of my own.

Neither of us really sleeps on a Sunday night. Craig often has to get up at five on Monday morning to get to his Army camp an hour and a half away. And I might have to catch an early train to Birmingham. But I do go to bed thinking how lucky I am despite all the travelling, the early mornings and late nights. I love the adventure and craziness of my job. One moment I’m on a sofa doing lines to camera, which scares me a bit, the next I’m on a bicycle flying in the sky with a parachute.

Greasy spoon or Michelin star?

Beach holiday or ski slope?

Beach holiday. I hate the cold!

I can’t dance but I’d love to learn tango.

Roger Moore or Sean Connery?

Sean Connery. I’m a big early Bond fan.

iPad. I like proper books, too.

When I had to jump into ice cold water in the Arctic for TV show 71 Degrees North.

A-list stars you dream of meeting?

Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. They’re a very inspiring couple.

Amy Williams is a GoUltraLow ambassador demonstrating the benefits and cost savings of the ultra-low-emission Nissan LEAF

Write a title for it.