Quick Question: Initially, the US stores were the result of natural expansion in Canada -- U.S. border areas (e.g., stores in Maine and the Buffalo, New York area where Horton played from 1972 to 1974 as a member of the Buffalo Sabres). The first United States locations were opened in Deerfield Beach, Florida and Pompano Beach, Florida in 1981, but they proved unsuccessful and were closed. In 1985, the chain returned to the US with a location on Niagara Falls Boulevard in the Buffalo suburb of Amherst, New York. Starting in the mid-1990s, however, the chain began expanding in the US by acquiring former locations from fast food chains. In 1996 and 1997, thirty-seven former Rax Restaurants locations in Ohio, Kentucky, and West Virginia were bought by Wendy's International Inc.; 30 of these were converted to Tim Hortons, while the others became Wendy's franchise locations. Thirty-five closed Hardee's stores in the Detroit area were also purchased with the intention of being converted. By 2004, the chain had also acquired 42 Bess Eaton coffee and doughnut restaurants situated in southern New England. Several combination Wendy's / Tim Hortons units were opened in the US; both in the "traditional" markets of Maine and Buffalo, where there were well over 180 locations as of 2011, and in the markets entered through acquisition.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did the first tim hortons open in the usa?
My answer: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The first United States locations were opened in Deerfield Beach, Florida and Pompano Beach, Florida in 1981, but they proved unsuccessful and were closed. The answer is 1981.

Quick Question: "Do n't Look Back in Anger" is a song by the English rock band Oasis. It was released on 19 February 1996 as the fifth single from their second studio album, (What's the Story) Morning Glory? (1995). The song was written by the band's guitarist and main songwriter, Noel Gallagher. It became the band's second single to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart, where it also went platinum. "Do n't Look Back in Anger" was also the first Oasis single with lead vocals by Noel (who had previously only sung lead on B-sides) instead of his brother, Liam.

Answer this question based on the passage: who sings on don't look back in anger?
My answer: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: "Do n't Look Back in Anger" is a song by the English rock band Oasis. The answer is Oasis.

Quick Question: Johnston (or Johnston Sans) is a sans-serif typeface designed by and named after Edward Johnston. The typeface was commissioned in 1913 by Frank Pick, commercial manager of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London (also known as' The Underground Group'), as part of his plan to strengthen the company's corporate identity. Johnston was originally created for printing (with a planned height of 1 inch or 2.5 cm), but it rapidly became used for the enamel station signs of the Underground system as well.

Answer this question: what font is used for london underground signs?
My answer: