Question: Information:  - Shah (pronounced , "king") is a title given to the emperors, kings, princes and lords of Iran (historically also known as Persia). It was also adopted by the kings of Shirvan (a historical Iranian region in Transcaucasia) namely the Shirvanshahs, the rulers and offspring of the Ottoman Empire (in that context spelled as "eh"), Mughal emperors of the Indian Subcontinent, the Bengal Sultanate, as well as in Georgia and Afghanistan. In Iran (Persia and Greater Persia) the title was continuously used; rather than King in the European sense, each Persian ruler regarded himself as the "Šhanšh" (King of Kings) or Emperor of the Persian Empire.  - Mohammad Reza Pahlavi (; 27 October 1919  27 July 1980), known as Mohammad Reza Shah, was the Shah of Iran from 16 September 1941 until his overthrow by the Iranian Revolution on 11 February 1979. He took the title Shhanshh ("Emperor" or "King of Kings") on 26 October 1967. He was the second and last monarch of the House of Pahlavi of the Iranian monarchy. Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi held several other titles, including that of rymehr (Light of the Aryans) and Bozorg Arteshtrn (Head of the Warriors). His dream of the Great Civilization in Iran led to a rapid industrial and military expansion as well as economic and social reforms.   - The Iranian Revolution (also known as the Islamic Revolution or the 1979 Revolution;) refers to events involving the overthrow of the Pahlavi dynasty under Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi, who was supported by the United States and its eventual replacement with an Islamic republic under the Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the leader of the revolution, supported by various leftist and Islamist organizations and Iranian student movements.  - The Ottoman Empire ('; Modern Turkish: ' or '), also known as the Turkish Empire, Ottoman Turkey, was an empire founded at the end of the thirteenth century in northwestern Anatolia in the vicinity of Bilecik and Söüt by the Oghuz Turkish tribal leader Osman. After 1354, the Ottomans crossed into Europe, and with the conquest of the Balkans the Ottoman Beylik was transformed into a transcontinental empire. The Ottomans ended the Byzantine Empire with the 1453 conquest of Constantinople by Mehmed the Conqueror.  - Princess Shams Pahlavi ( Persian :     ) ( 28 October 1917 , Tehran , Iran -- 29 February 1996 , Santa Barbara , California , United States ) was the elder sister of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , the last Shah of Iran . During her brother 's reign she was the president of the Red Lion and Sun Society .  - The Red Lion and Sun Society of Iran was established in 1922 and admitted to the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement in 1923. However, some report the symbol was introduced at Geneva in 1864 as a counter example to the crescent and cross used by two of Iran's rivals, the Ottoman Empire (modern-day Turkey) and Russia.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'shams pahlavi' with the relationship of 'noble family'.  Choices: - house of pahlavi  - ottoman empire  - pahlavi dynasty
Answer: