Write a title for this article:

EVIL FAIRY Angelina Jolie stars in 'Maleficent.'

This year marks the 200th anniversary of Grimm's fairy tales. To celebrate the bicentennial, a number of movie, book and theater adaptations are in the works.

This week, best-selling British fantasy writer Philip Pullman published a "retelling" of the stories in his "Fairy Tales From the Brothers Grimm." Mr. Pullman selected 50 of the original 210 stories that the two brothers collected and published in 1812 under the title "Kinder und Hausmärchen" or "Children's and Household Tales."

Mr. Pullman, who included the most famous and some more obscure, hewed to the original versions—which include violence, mutilation and plenty of child abandonment—adding his own voice where he thought it would improve the story, he says.

Gemma Arterton and Jeremy Renner as Hansel and Gretel.

"These stories can be varied whenever you tell them—you can be funny, if you are a funny storyteller, and if you are good at suspense, you can make them more suspenseful," he says.

Mr. Pullman makes Cinderella's ball gowns, which appear magically in the branches of a hazel tree, the color of "starlight" and "moonlight" instead of gold and silver. He adds snappy dialogue and enhances the jingles that accompany many stories, making them tighter and more complex. Occasionally, he changes an ending.

In "Farmerkin" Pullman saves an innocent shepherd the Grimms had killed off and punishes a conniving priest because it seems "more just all around."

While Mr. Pullman did not stray far from the original versions, others mold the stories to fit modern audiences.

"The tales survive today because they are so easily adaptable to modern life," says fairy-tale scholar Jack Zipes, who adds that they provide us with a "counter world" where social justice prevails, and the small person triumphs and evil people are punished, he says.

2012 is the 200th anniversary of Grimm's fairy tales.

Paramount releases "Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters" in January, a "Matrix"-like 3-D twist on the abandoned-child tale. The innocent brother and sister are all grown up and have become bounty hunters—with a taste for witch blood.

And in 2014, Walt Disney Pictures will release "Maleficent," a retelling of the "Sleeping Beauty" tale from the point of view of the evil fairy, starring Angelina Jolie.

Linda Woolverton, who wrote the screenplay for the film, says we will now understand the fairy's motivations. "It makes for a more interesting character," she says. "Otherwise the story is two-dimensional and boring, and people won't buy it."

Two live-action "Cinderella" movies, one by Disney and another by Universal, are also in development. A third version of the tale, "Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella," is coming to Broadway in January.

"We think these are short little tales for a culture 200 years old and we've all changed, but they are still as gripping as ever," says Mr. Pullman. "They deal with basic human situations, which are with us and will always be with us, because human beings don't change very much over time."