Summarize this article:

As discussed earlier, sit in team formation and designate a dealer. Grab your Euchre deck and have the dealer give each player 5 cards and assemble the kitty. Starting to the person left of the dealer, rotating clockwise, ask each player whether or not he wishes to declare the suit that is showing as trump until someone does (or a new cycle begins).  If he does wish to declare this suit trump, he says "pick it up." If he does not want to declare this suit trump, he says "pass," or declares a pass by knocking on the table. He/She then discards one of their other cards (usually a low card of the non-trump suit). If a rotation of the circle is completed without anyone telling the dealer to "pick it up," the card is turned face down and another rotation ensues. During this rotation, a player can call trump of any suit other than the one that was originally turned up. If the rotation completes without anyone calling trump, the deal is forfeited and passed clockwise to the next person in the circle. It's generally wise to only call a trump suit if you have a good hand. Otherwise, stay mum. Each player must follow suit -- meaning if a player has a card of the same suit as was led, he must play it on that trick. If a player does not have a card of that suit, he can trump the trick, or simply throw a card off suit. The highest card of the suit that was led takes the trick, unless a trump card is played. The highest card of trump will win any hand. If you lay a card that does not follow suit but you do have a card that does, this is called a "renege." If another player calls you out on what you've done, they receive 2 points. If you are going alone, however, the penalty is 4 points (for whichever side is guilty). Because each game of Euchre is so short, it's a little easier to memorize the cards. Think about what cards you believe your opponents are holding to determine how to lead off and what to throw away. For example, if the dealer adds the original trump card to his hand, don't forget it.  If you are leading and have two or more trump cards, go with those. Always lead a high trump if your partner called it; it'll help them locate the missing cards. Otherwise, work in a sequence. Say diamonds are trump -- lead with the Ace of Spades or Clubs to try to win it. Don't hold onto your good cards. Euchre goes fast -- if you act slowly, you'll miss your opportunity to use them. When opportunity knocks, answer the door. " Once one team gets to 9 points, this means they are "in the barn." You must announce this with great enthusiasm, since it typically indicates that you are about to win the game. If you really want to have fun with it, have one partner interlock their fingers together, and flip upside down with the thumbs making "udders" and let the other partner "milk" them. The five tricks of Euchre can go by pretty fast, so it's best to keep score as you go. Use the 6 and 4 cards to keep tabs. Once a team reaches ten, you'll probably want to play again. Switch teams if skill sets are better suited in different combinations.

Summary: