Q:Information:  - Villarrobledo is a Spanish city and municipality in the province of Albacete, part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. It's better known for having the world's largest area covered by vineyards (more than 30,000 has., approximately 48,000,000 of vines) as well as the world's greatest production of La Mancha wine, called in Spanish Denominación de Origen. Also, it is an important center of Manchego cheese production and export and has other important industries like metallurgy and transportation.  - Alonso ( or Alfonso ) Ortiz ( Alfonso Hortiz de Urrutia ) , ( Villarrobledo , Albacete , 1455 -  h. 1503 ) was a Spanish humanist writer .  - Albacete [] is a city and municipality in the Spanish autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha, and capital of the province of Albacete. It is in the south-east of the Iberian Peninsula, in the region known as the Meseta Central within the historic region of La Mancha, in the smaller historic region of La Mancha de Montearagón; the area around the city is known as Los Llanos. With a population of 172,487 (2014) in the municipality proper, and 219,121 in the larger metropolitan area, it is the largest city in both the province and the region of Castilla-La Mancha, and indeed one of the largest of inland Spain, being included in the 20 largest urban areas in Spain. The municipality of Albacete is also the seventh largest in Spain by area, being .  - La Mancha is a natural and historical region located on an arid but fertile, elevated plateau (610 m or 2000 ft.) of central Spain, south of Madrid, from the mountains of Toledo to the western spurs of the hills of Cuenca, and bordered to the South by the Sierra Morena and to the North by the Alcarria region. La Mancha includes portions of the modern provinces of Cuenca, Toledo, and Albacete, and most of the Ciudad Real province. La Mancha historical comarca constitutes the southern portion of CastillaLa Mancha autonomous community and makes up most of the present-day administrative region.  - Denominación de Origen (Designation of Origin  DO) is part of a regulatory classification system primarily for Spanish wines (similar to the French appellations) but also for other foodstuffs like cheeses, condiments, honey and meats, among many. In wines it parallels the hierarchical system of France (1935) and Italy (1963) although Rioja (1925) and Sherry (1933) preceded the full system. In foods it performs a similar role, namely regulation of quality and geographical origin among Spain's finest producers. There are five other designated categories solely for wine and a further three specifically covering food and condiments, all recognised by the European Union (EU). In Catalonia, two further categoriesQ and Acover traditional Catalonian artisan food produce, but were not recognised by the EU as of 2007. In recent decades the concept of the Denominación de Origen has been adopted by other countries, primarily in Latin America.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'country of citizenship'.
A: