(I). Kenneth got the part.

Kenneth's talent was truly commendable. He had this effortless way of immersing himself into a character that made the world around him fade into the background. Believe it or not, Kenneth had been honing this craft from a very young age. He was born and raised in a family of actors. His father had been a local theatre artist and his mother, a former Broadway actress. So, it was safe to say that the performing arts had been a large part of his life ever since the beginning. His parents used to say that Kenneth started mimicking characters when he was barely able to walk.

Kenneth never showed an interest in anything other than acting. He was happiest when he was on stage, floating effortlessly between realities and creating a universe that belonged to him and his audience alone. His propensity for conveying emotions convincingly was the staple of his performances. From the slight furrowing of his brows showing confusion or worry to the way his eyes twinkled with mischief or joy, every detail was artfully expressed. 

Auditioning for the play was just another day for him. Not because he did not respect the process or was too arrogant to acknowledge the hard work it took, but because the process felt so organic and deeply rooted in his life's rhythm that he lived for such moments. The part was for the lead role of a melancholic poet in a tragic story. A character that required an understanding of the human mind's depths and the ability to translate into cathartic performances.

Unlike Kenneth, Brian was relatively new to the acting world. He had just started dabbling into community theatre and was still exploring his comfort zone on stage. Though he had a certain appeal to his acting talent, Brian needed time to grow and develop. He was also auditioning for the same role, clouded with uncertainty because of his inexperience. 

After his audition, Kenneth could see some definite potential in Brian, but he knew the part needed an actor with the panache to evoke strong emotions, much more than what Brian was capable of at his current stage. Brian's performance was decent but lacked the depth that the character required. 

On the day of the result, unsurprisingly, Kenneth's name echoed through the auditorium. He had successfully bagged the role of the melancholic poet. His talent, experience, and skill had won him the part. Though it was a victory, Kenneth felt a pang of sympathy for Brian, for he saw a younger version of his own in Brian, trying to battle through the daunting world of acting.

Kenneth decided to mentor Brian. He knew getting the part was only half the battle won. The real test would be on the live stage in front of an audience. But for that, he had time, and the most important aspect, he had all the motivation he needed in Brian. Kenneth remembered the times when he was fresh and new to the stage, and the guidance of his seniors had helped him. So, he decided to pass on the legacy, the lessons, and the wisdom. And that's how Kenneth got the part, and Brian earned a valuable mentorship with the seasoned actor.