Summarize the following:
As a loner, it can sometimes be hard to get out of the house as you may wonder what you can do by yourself without feeling weird. However, if you think about it you will find that there are lots of things you can go do alone to have some fun.  Going to the movies is a great thing to do alone. Find a movie you've been wanting to see, pick up some popcorn, and enjoy the film. Going to the movies with people is all well and good, but when you think about it, it seems a bit silly since you don't talk to each other the whole time the movie is showing anyways. Try out different coffee shops. Coffee shops have become very popular in the past few years, so there are more and more popping up every day. Take a book or, if you like drawing, a sketchpad. Order a nice coffee or tea, and just enjoy a few hours out of the house. Try out a restaurant you've been interested in. If there is a restaurant you're interested in, there is no reason you should feel embarrassed to go alone. If you're worried that people will stare at you, try to go during an off-peak time. Go for a walk or a run. Another great thing to do alone is just to go out and enjoy nature. Go for a walk or jog in a nearby park and you'll be doing something good for you and your health. One part of going out in public that can make a loner feel nervous is the possibility that someone will try to chat casually with you. If you want to avoid this, put on a pair of headphones or have a book to read while you are waiting around or riding public transport. This will discourage people from engaging in idle chat. This doesn't guarantee that no one will talk to you. Some especially outgoing people are hard to deter. If someone talks to you and you aren't interested in the conversation, keep your answers short and don't ask questions that will encourage the conversation. If you are not used to going out by yourself to do things, you might feel as though everyone is staring at you, which will distract you from enjoying what you are doing. Try to remember that it is unlikely that anyone is truly interested in what you are doing or why you are doing it. As you spend more and more time outside the house by yourself, you'll come to realize that most people are just trying to get on with their day. Although it will take some practice, when you go out to do something, focus on how you're feeling about what you're doing instead of on what you think everyone around you is feeling. If you aren't able to focus on yourself you may find the experience of going out alone just as draining as going with other people. Depending on your work or school setting it may be very easy for you to go days or weeks without talking to anyone. For example, if you work from home you may not have to talk to anyone at all. While this may be comfortable for you, there is evidence that socializing is good for everyone (even loners) from time to time. It doesn't have to be a huge conversation. You can simply chat with someone in your class or at a coffee shop for a few minutes. For example, you can bring up how tough that last test was with a classmate, or you can ask the barista about her favorite beverage to make.

Summary: