Frank and Jamie McCourt reach divorce settlement

Frank and Jamie McCourt have reached a settlement in their ownership squabble over the Dodgers, at least for now.

The settlement sets up a one-day trial Aug. 4 to determine if the Dodgers are property of Frank McCourt or community property. If Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon rules that the Dodgers are community property, the McCourts would split the Dodgers 50-50 and would appear to be forced to sell the team. However, if Gordon rules they are property of Frank McCourt, then Jamie McCourt gets $100 million and retains control of the couple's homes.

According to the Associated Press, the agreement states that should Jamie McCourt prevail in the one-day trial, the team, Dodger Stadium and the surrounding property would be split between the former couple and "be sold by the parties in an orderly manner under the court's supervision."

Said Frank McCourt, according to the Los Angeles Times: "We'll cross that bridge when we get to it."

The agreement requires Major League Baseball's approval of a 17-year television contract between the Dodgers and Fox, Frank McCourt said. According to the Times, which first reported the divorce settlement, if Commissioner Bud Selig rejects the Fox agreement, the McCourts' settlement would be voided and the parties would continue proceedings in divorce court.

MLB spokesman Pat Courtney declined comment but Dennis Wasser, an attorney for Jamie McCourt, hopes the Fox deal will be finalized early next week.

Frank McCourt has said the Fox deal could be worth around $3 billion. The Times cites unnamed people familiar with the situation, who say, according to the paper, that without the deal, Frank McCourt has "no chance" to meet the Dodgers' June 30 payroll.

In comments published on the Times' website Friday, Frank McCourt said he was pleased to have put this matter behind him. However, Jamie McCourt said, according to the Times: "I'm just hoping for resolution. I hope this is a step toward that resolution. I'll be happy when there is final resolution."

There won't be until MLB rules on the Fox deal and determines whom it sees fit to run the Dodgers.

"I fully expect MLB to approve the Fox transaction," Frank McCourt said. "MLB has taken the position that, before they approved the transaction, they wanted to see either a settlement of the divorce, or Jamie's consent, or an order from the judge. Today, they received all three. I fully expect that they will be good to their word, and they'll approve the transaction in a timely way."

Selig seized control of the Dodgers in April, citing their financial problems. MLB has said it won't rule on a deal like the Fox one until its overview of the Dodgers is resolved, a process that is nearing its end, according to the Times. Selig appointed former Rangers president Tom Schieffer to run the team for MLB.

Late last year, Gordon declared a postnuptial marital agreement giving Frank McCourt sole ownership of the Dodgers invalid. Jamie McCourt then sought half the team under California's community property law, leading up to Friday's settlement.

See photos of: Los Angeles Dodgers
What are the most important parts of this text?