The South Bend mayor becomes the first openly gay executive in the state, and the highest elected official in Indiana to come out ||||| Pete Buttigieg, mayor of South Bend, Indiana, has a profound message for his neighbors and constituents. 
  
 The 33-year-old Democrat and Afghanistan war veteran, once described as the "most interesting mayor you’ve never heard of," came out as gay in an op-ed on Tuesday. 
  
 See also: Why bathrooms are the next frontier in transgender acceptance 
  
 "I was well into adulthood before I was prepared to acknowledge the simple fact that I am gay," he wrote in the South Bend Tribune. "It took years of struggle and growth for me to recognize that it’s just a fact of life, like having brown hair, and part of who I am." 
  
 Buttigieg's coming out arrives in the wake of a controversial state "religious freedom" law that critics said would allow discrimination against lesbian, gay and transgender people. 
  
 He minced no words when it came to that legislation, calling it "disastrous" and arguing that the fallout should be an "opportunity to demonstrate how a traditional, religious state like ours can move forward." 
  
 "If different sides steer clear of name-calling and fear-mongering, we can navigate these issues based on what is best about Indiana: values like respect, decency, and support for families — all families," he wrote. 
  
 Buttigieg spoke to people who may not feel comfortable living publicly as a gay person in a conservative city or state — and those who might be wary of changing social norms. 
  
 Putting something this personal on the pages of a newspaper does not come easy. We Midwesterners are instinctively private to begin with, and I’m not used to viewing this as anyone else’s business. But it’s clear to me that at a moment like this, being more open about it could do some good. For a local student struggling with her sexuality, it might be helpful for an openly gay mayor to send the message that her community will always have a place for her. And for a conservative resident from a different generation, whose unease with social change is partly rooted in the impression that he doesn’t know anyone gay, perhaps a familiar face can be a reminder that we’re all in this together as a community. 
  
 The op-ed clearly touched people in Buttigieg's hometown and around the world; the piece had 25,000 likes several hours after being published, and it received supportive comments from people who identified themselves as residents of South Bend. 
  
 In the end, Buttigieg's plea was simple: "Like most people, I would like to get married one day and eventually raise a family," he wrote. 
  
 "I hope that when my children are old enough to understand politics, they will be puzzled that someone like me revealing he is gay was ever considered to be newsworthy." ||||| Close Get email notifications on Erin Blasko daily! 
  
 Your notification has been saved. 
  
 There was a problem saving your notification. 
  
 Whenever Erin Blasko posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. 
  
 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. |||||

Write a summary.