Detailed Instructions: Given a passage and a query based on the passage, generate an unambiguous, concise and simple answer to the query from information in the passage. Note that the answer may not be present in exact form.
Problem:Like bread, potato chips may get stale past their expiration date, but they are still perfectly safe to eat. If they are in an open bag, they'll be alright for a few weeks, but if the bag is sealed, it can still be good months later ... as if you'd have an uneaten bag of chips laying around for that long. Say goodbye to days of throwing out your half-eaten tub of yogurt, because this is another dairy product you can eat after its package labels it expired. Open yogurt will spoil sooner than unopened yogurt, but sealed yogurt will usually last one to two weeks past the sell-by date. DRIED GOODS (including pasta, flour and rice) 1  How long they really last: Pasta and white rice last 8 to 10 years; white flour lasts 1 year from purchase date. Whole grains (brown rice and whole-wheat pasta and flour) keep in the pantry one to two months after the best-by date or a year in the freezer. DRIED GOODS (including pasta, flour and rice) 1  How long they really last: Pasta and white rice last 8 to 10 years; white flour lasts 1 year from purchase date. 2  Safety tip: Fresh, refrigerated pasta lasts a mere two to three days past the sell-by date. MEAT. 1  How long it really lasts: In the fridge, three to five days after purchase for whole cuts of meat, one to two days for ground meat or chicken; in the freezer, about six months for whole meat, four months for ground, nine months for poultry. 2  Safety tip: Cook meat thoroughly to kill bacteria. How long it really lasts: In the fridge, three to five days after purchase for whole cuts of meat, one to two days for ground meat or chicken; in the freezer, about six months for whole meat, four months for ground, nine months for poultry. Safety tip: Cook meat thoroughly to kill bacteria. Say goodbye to days of throwing out your half-eaten tub of yogurt, because this is another dairy product you can eat after its package labels it expired.. Open yogurt will spoil sooner than unopened yogurt, but sealed yogurt will usually last one to two weeks past the sell-by date. As long as it is stored in a cool, dry place, dried pasta can last years after its expiration date. Fresh pasta, on the other hand, does contain water, and spoils more easily, but it can still be good past its date as well (about two to three weeks, usually, as long as it doesn't have a spoiled odor to it). 4. Bread How to tell if it's still okay to eat expired eggs, dried goods, milk and meat. Plus: Video: How to Get the Most Out of Ground Beef » If you trash your grub as soon as the expiration date hits, you're not alone. If it smells bad, looks rotten, or otherwise doesn't seem right, then don't eat it. Never consume something you're unsure of. But don't waste food, either. There are plenty of things that are safe long after their sell-by dates. Maybe you aren't the type to eat around the mold, but here are 10 things you can safely eat past their expiration dates. 1. Query: how long you have to eat something after it expires
Solution: