Q: Yeshwant Vishnu Chandrachud (12 July 1920 -- 14 July 2008) was the 16th Chief Justice of India, serving from 22 February 1978 to the day he retired on 11 July 1985. Born in Pune in the state of Maharashtra, he was first appointed Judge to the Supreme Court of India on 28 August 1972 and is the longest-serving Chief Justice in India's history at 7 years and 4 months. His nickname was Iron hands after his well regarded unwillingness to let anything slip past him.

Answer this question based on the passage: who had the longest tenure as chief justice of india?
A: Yeshwant Vishnu Chandrachud. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: Born in Pune in the state of Maharashtra, he was first appointed Judge to the Supreme Court of India on 28 August 1972 and is the longest-serving Chief Justice in India's history at 7 years and 4 months.

Q: Context: The Hollywood Walk of Fame comprises more than 2,600 five-pointed terrazzo and brass stars embedded in the sidewalks along 15 blocks of Hollywood Boulevard and three blocks of Vine Street in Hollywood, California. The stars are permanent public monuments to achievement in the entertainment industry, bearing the names of a mix of actors, musicians, directors, producers, musical and theatrical groups, fictional characters, and others. The Walk of Fame is administered by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and maintained by the self-financing Hollywood Historic Trust. It is a popular tourist destination, with a reported 10 million visitors in 2003.

Question: how do you get your name on hollywood walk of fame?
A: achievement in the entertainment industry. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: The stars are permanent public monuments to achievement in the entertainment industry, bearing the names of a mix of actors, musicians, directors, producers, musical and theatrical groups, fictional characters, and others.

Q: He has gained a reputation for creative and often unusual dishes. These include chocolate pudding with potato foam, raw prawn tails with cooked prawn brains and a dessert with baked potato custard. In 2015, O'Hare took part in BBC2's The Great British Menu where he made a dish entitled' Emancipation'-a fish dish inspired by fish and chips served on a canvas.

Michael o hare fish dish great british menu?
A: Emancipation. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: In 2015, O'Hare took part in BBC2's The Great British Menu where he made a dish entitled' Emancipation'-a fish dish inspired by fish and chips served on a canvas.

Q: Bile or gall is a dark green to yellowish brown fluid, produced by the liver of most vertebrates, that aids the digestion of lipids in the small intestine. In humans, bile is produced continuously by the liver (liver bile), and stored and concentrated in the gallbladder (gallbladder bile). After eating, this stored bile is discharged into the duodenum. The composition of gallbladder bile is 97 % water, 0.7 % bile salts, 0.2 % bilirubin, 0.51 % fats (cholesterol, fatty acids and lecithin), and 200 meq / l inorganic salts.

Answer this question based on the passage: where is bile made and what does it do?
A: