Supermarket chain Morrisons has been forced to apologise for turning the Angel of the North into a giant advert for French stick. The store, which is desperate to claw back customers from budget competitors Lidl and Aldi, used a projector to beam a 175ft-long baguette onto the famous artwork. But the piece of bread, which had a the phrase 'I'm cheaper' beamed on to it to reflect recent price cuts, angered many people, who thought it devalued the artwork. 'Defiled': Morrisons has apologised for projected a 175ft baguette onto the Angel of the North in Gateshead, Tyneside. The response to the stunt - which was set up without permission - was led by sculptor Anthony Gormley, who designed the huge, steel statue, which has stood in by the A1 in Gateshead, Tyneside, since 1998. He told the Guardian: 'I'd rather the Angel is not used for such purposes, but it's out there'. Meanwhile, hundreds of social media users who had seen an image posted by Morrisons on Saturday evening, formed a chorus of disapproval. One tweeted that the supermarket had 'defiled' the angel, while others described the move as 'philistine and disgraceful'. Many threatened to boycott the supermarket as a response. Gateshead. council, which maintains the sculpture, said that it was 'disappointed' by the advert, which did not follow its usual procedures for product. placement. Original: The Angel of the North has stood next to the A1 since 1998. Permission: Gateshead council has said it was 'disappointed' that the stunt took place. A spokesman said: 'Many goods and services have and want to be profiled alongside it, and there is a filming process in place to work with organisations to do this, although this does not include lighting the Angel in any way. 'It is disappointing this process does not appear to have been followed.' In light of the backlash from the gimmick, Morrisons apologised for the tactic, which it hoped would be 'something different'. He said: 'We’re sorry if people thought we got carried away by shining a baguette on the Angel of the North and apologise unreservedly to those to whom we have caused offence. 'We were trying something different which was meant to put a smile on people’s faces but clearly it wasn’t to everybody’s tastes. 'We’re so proud of our northern roots and the last thing we want to do is offend anybody.' When it is not being commandeered to advertise baguettes, the Angel of the North is celebrated as one of Britain's best-known pieces of public art. The sculpture, designed by Anthony Gormley, stands not far from the A1 in Gateshead, Tyneside. It was built between 1994 and 1998. At 175ft wide, its wingspan exceeds that of a Boeing 757. The steel statue weighs 208 tonnes and is 65ft high. Its structure is so stable that it only needs to be inspected once every seven years. The statue - which Gateshead council claims is the largest representation of an angel in the world - stands on top of a disused mine. Mr Gormley said that its location helped evoke the region's industrial past, commemorating the hard work and struggles of two centuries of miners, but that it was also meant to mark Britain's transition into the future.

What are highlight points for this article?