Information:  - A department store or magazine is a retail establishment offering a wide range of consumer goods in different product categories known as "departments". In modern major cities, the department store made a dramatic appearance in the middle of the 19th century, and permanently reshaped shopping habits, and the definition of service and luxury. Similar developments were under way in London (with Whiteleys), in Paris ("Le Bon Marché" in 1852) and in New York (with Stewart's).  - Zayre was a chain of discount stores that operated in the eastern half of the United States from 1956 to 1990. The company's headquarters was in Framingham, Massachusetts. In October 1988, Zayre's parent company, Zayre Corp., sold the stores to the competing Ames Department Stores, Inc. chain, and in June 1989, Zayre Corp. merged with one of its subsidiaries, The TJX Companies, parent company of T.J. Maxx. A number of stores retained the Zayre name until 1990, by which time all stores were either closed or converted into Ames stores. (The TJX Companies, which also owns Marshalls, HomeGoods, and Sierra Trading Post, is still in operation as of 2016.)  - T.J. Maxx is an American department store chain. With more than 1,000 stores, T.J. Maxx is one of the largest clothing retailers in the United States.  - Marshalls , Inc. , is a chain of American and Canadian off - price department stores owned by TJX Companies . Marshalls has over 975 conventional stores , including larger stores named Marshalls Mega Store , covering 42 states and Puerto Rico , and 38 stores in Canada . Marshalls first expanded into Canada in March 2011 . Marshalls is U.S. 's second largest off - price family apparel and home fashion retailer , behind its sister company , T.J. Maxx .  - The TJX Companies, Inc., is an American apparel and home goods company based in Framingham, Massachusetts. It claims to be the largest international apparel and home fashions off-price department store chain in the United States. The company evolved from the Zayre discount department store chain, founded in 1956, which opened its first branch of T.J.Maxx in 1976 and its first BJ's Wholesale Club in 1984. In 1988, Zayre sold its nameplate to rival Ames, and T.J.Maxx was renamed "The TJX Companies, Inc.".  - Puerto Rico, (Spanish for "Rich Port") officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ("Free Associated State of Puerto Rico") and briefly called Porto Rico, is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea.  - Framingham is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 68,318 as of the United States 2010 Census, making it the 14th most populous municipality in Massachusetts. Founded in 1700, Framingham was placed at # 36 on 'Best Places to Live in US' by CNN "Money" magazine in 2012.  - The Caribbean Sea is a sea of the Atlantic Ocean in the tropics of the Western Hemisphere. It is bounded by Mexico and Central America to the west and south west, to the north by the Greater Antilles starting with Cuba, to the east by the Lesser Antilles, and to the south by the north coast of South America.    What is the relationship between 'marshalls' and 'framingham'?