Summarize this article in one sentence.
Kittens should not leave their mother before 8 weeks of age. Indeed there is some debate about when is the right time, with some people arguing that 12 weeks is the correct age to go to a new home. However, at 12 weeks of age a kitten's ability to accept new experiences is slowing up, which means it can be harder for it to fit into a new home. Most kittens brought up from birth in loving homes and with plenty of food and love, are confident enough to leave their mothers after 8 weeks. This is a good compromise to allow the kitten to be socialized in their new home at the right age. You need to kitten proof your home before the little one arrives. Put away all hazards that the kitten could get into. This includes cleaning supplies, medicines, and small items that you treasure and don't want broken. You should also keep cords, such as computer cords or cords on blinds, out of reach of the kitten.  You may want to consider certain areas off limits to the kitten. If that is the case, you need to figure out a way to block off the areas so the kitten can't get in. Get rid of plants that are poisonous to cats. There are a wide variety of common house plants that can severely injure, or kill, a cat if it eats them. Research your plants to see if they cause a threat to your new family member. You will need to buy a variety of items in order to meet the needs of your new family member. These items include (but are not limited to):  A litter box: A kitten's little legs require a low-sided tray so it can hop in without problems. You can always change to a deep-sided litter box once the kitten is older. Cat litter: Avoid clumping cat litter since kittens like to explore with their mouths and if it swallows clumping cat litter it can form a blockage in its gut. Food and water bowls: Ceramic or stainless steel are best, as these wash well and the surface doesn't scratch and harbour bacteria like plastic bowls do. Kitten food: Start by feeding the same food the kitten was weaned onto. Ask whoever has been taking care of the cat for the brand of food and how much they have been giving it. Hiding places: The kitten will be anxious at first, so provide plenty of hiding places, such as cardboard boxes, where it can feel safe as it gathers its courage. Blankets or a soft bed: Soft bedding to snuggle into is important for the kitten. Try to bring the blanket or soft bed when you pick up the kitten, so that you can get some familiar smells on it from its mother and original home. Comb or brush:  Groom your kitten from an early age so it doesn't mind being combed as an adult. This is especially important for long-haired cats. This should contain its food, water, bedding, hiding places, and litter tray. Leave the kitten in peace to explore for a little while and find that the room is safe.  Spend some time with the kitten in its room and sit on the floor. Let it come to you to explore. Speak gently and quietly, and if she rubs against you gently stroke her back. As the kitten gets to know where to find food, water, and its tray, and over the coming days as it becomes bolder, you can start leaving the room door open so it can slip out to explore.