Background: Regine Velasquez was born in Tondo, Manila, on April 22, 1970. Her father, Gerardo Velasquez, was a construction estimator, and her mother, Teresita (nee Ansong), was a homemaker. The singer has three younger sisters, Cacai, Diane and Deca, and a younger brother, Jojo. The family moved to Hinundayan, Southern Leyte where Velasquez spent the early years of her life.
Context: In 1990, Velasquez signed a contract with Vicor Music and released her second studio album, Nineteen 90. Velasquez worked with Louie Ocampo who provided the musical arrangement for the album's lead single "Narito Ako", a song originally recorded and performed by Maricris Belmont and written by Nonong Pedero for the 1978 Metro Manila Popular Music Festival. In July 1990, Velasquez headlined her first major concert as a solo artist in support of the album at the Folk Arts Theater. She recorded a duet with Jose Mari Chan, "Please Be Careful With My Heart", for his sixth studio album Constant Change, and contributed backing vocals for Gary Valenciano's "Each Passing Night", a single from his sixth album, Faces of Love. At the end of 1990, Velasquez made her North American concert debut at the Isaac Stern Auditorium of Carnegie Hall in New York City--a first for an Asian solo artist. Soon after, British theatrical producer Cameron Mackintosh invited Velasquez to audition for the West End production of the musical Miss Saigon. Velasquez received a letter from the production company offering intensive musical theater training in the United Kingdom; she declined the offer citing inadequate theatrical experience.  Velasquez's third studio album Tagala Talaga was released in October 1991, and included cover versions of classic OPM recordings by National Artist for Music recipients Ryan Cayabyab, Lucio San Pedro and Levi Celerio. The album's lead single "Buhay Ng Buhay Ko", originally recorded by Leah Navarro, was also written by Pedero, who Velasquez previously worked with on Nineteen 90. Three singles were released the following year--"Anak, "Sa Ugoy Ng Duyan" and "Kastilyong Buhangin".  By early 1993, music executives Alex Chan and Norman Cheng from PolyGram Far East approached Velasquez and began negotiations for a record deal, mapping her commercial debut in the region. Following the deal, PolyGram Far East announced its joint venture licensing agreement in the Philippines with the formation of its subsidiary, PolyCosmic Records. Reason Enough, released in July 1993, was the newly formed label's maiden release. David Gonzales of AllMusic described the album as a "mixture of passionate, easy listening love songs, which are popular in the Philippines, and songs with a modern, contemporary touch, more attuned to an international audience". Velasquez recorded a duet with Paul Anka for the album's first single "It's Hard to Say Goodbye", marking her first musical collaboration with an international artist. The album's second single, "Sana Maulit Muli", became one of the most popular songs of her career, and won the Awit Award for Best Performance by a Female Recording Artist in 1994. The album received a double platinum certification.
Question: And what is Reason Enough?. Whats the answer?