His turn as brooding Jon Snow in Game of Thrones won him a legion of female fans - and Kit Harington just got even more eligible. The British actor, who has seen his star rapidly rise in the last year, has been snapped up as the face - and feet - of Jimmy Choo's spring/summer 2015 campaign. Kit, 28, who also starred as Albert Narracott in the original West End production of War Horse, was hand-picked for the campaign because of his 'masculinity and style'. Scroll down for video. Game Of Thrones star Kit Harington, who plays Jon Snow, has been snapped up as the face of Jimmy Choo. Speaking about her choice, creative director Sandra Choi said: 'Kit perfectly embodies the Jimmy Choo Man. 'He has a natural and alluring masculinity and an effortless sense of style. His cool attitude and smouldering sensuality belie a true British gentleman.' Speaking about his latest modelling gig, Kit, who currently stars in Testament Of Youth, said: 'I was very excited to be chosen as the face for such a highly regarded brand and to play a role in defining who the Jimmy Choo man is. 'It was a fun shoot and a great experience working with Steven Klein.' Complementing Kit's campaign is the women's campaign featuring American model, Ondria Hardin. Jimmy Choo Spring 2015 Heels. Get your Jimmy Choos on. Visit site. The latest Jimmy Choo campaign showcases some wild new heels that encompass a multitude of the season's trends. We're counting color-blocking, texture, animal prints, cut-outs, peep toes, t-straps, geometric shapes and more! Phew! Way to get your bang for your buck. As we anxiously await for this product to hit stores, check out other options by the coveted shoe designer in Nordstrom's collection (right). The campaign paired the pony-fur, cone-heels with a black zip-up mini for a leggy look. We'd also love to see the footwear worn with a pair of sleek black trousers. For more animal fun check out our edit below. We love the lace-up ankle-strap detail on Loeffler Randall's version from Revolve and are tempted to splurge on the discounted, comfortable-looking low heel, zebra print pair by Saint Laurent, available on The Outnet. Gianvito Rossi Leopard Print Calf Hair Pumps. Visit site. Steve Madden Varcityl. Visit site. Saint Laurent Zebra Print Calf Hair Pumps (Now $397.50) Visit site. Loeffler Randall Ambrose Sandal. Visit site. According to the brand the Jimmy Choo campaigns complement each other with a shared creative vision. Accompanying Kit's campaign, which was shot by top photographer Steven Klein, is the women’s campaign featuring American model, Ondria Hardin. According to Jimmy Choo, the ads complement each other with a shared creative vision; the two stars are in synergy, seemingly connected in the same plot but in separate scenes. Kit wears the silver metallic Belgravia sneaker lit to appear like liquid steel while Ondria wears shoes and bags from the SS15 collection in graphic racing flag black and white monochrome. Kit's turn as brooding illegitimate son Jon Snow in Game of Thrones won him a legion of female fans. The 28-year-old is currently the star of First World War weepie Testament Of Youth alongside Alicia Vikander.
Summarize the highlights of this article.