Please briefly summarize this news article:

Another busy day for visiting royals Charles and Camilla

There’s no rest for the royal. Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, on Thursday continued their barnstorming Washington tour, meeting adult immigrant students, retired vets, and even — according to their schedule — President Obama.

The couple started out Day Two of the D.C. leg of their historic U.S. visit strolling past the Lincoln Cottage on the grounds of the Armed Forces Retirement Home, where the 16th president frequently sought refuge from the White House’s heat — both literal and political. In the retirement home itself, they greeted retirees, admired amateur artwork and interrupted workouts in the gym.

After that, it was divide and conquer (figuratively, of course — we settled that old business a long time ago), with Prince Charles splitting off to visit the Carlos Rosario Charter School for adult immigrant students. Much handshaking ensued.

[RELATED: Royal Watch! Updates from Charles and Camilla’s jam-packed day in D.C.]

According to a report about the visit, the prince even had one of those moments akin to when former President George H.W. Bush marveled at electronic checkouts at grocery stores, long after most commoners had gotten used to them. “In a classroom for intermediate life skills like opening a checking account, the prince commented that it sounded ‘complicated,’ eliciting laughs from the students,” the report said.

At around 2 p.m., the prince and the duchess met with President Obama and Vice President Biden in the Oval. When a pool reported asked the president if he’d spoken to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Obama answered cheekily, “Really Jeff?!?” and apparently Charles found this hilarious. He left out a laugh and blushed profusely, according to the pool report.

Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, sat down with President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden as part of their four-dayl tour to boost British-American partnership. (Reuters)

The president and prince then chatted like tweens about who was more popular. Seriously.

“I think it’s fair to say that the American people are quite fond of the royal family,” said Obama. “They like them much better than they like their own politicians.”

Ever the polite and proper guest, Charles demurred, “I don’t believe that.”

After the White House meeting, there’s an event with the prince for the Marshall Scholars program and the duchess plans to attend a reception at the National Museum for Women in the Arts. Then Charles is set to give a speech at the International Conservation Caucus Foundation Awards.

And all that running around is after a full evening of socializing. On Wednesday night, the couple’s first stop was a reception at the British embassy. Among the powerhouses who made the oh-so-exclusive invite list: Chief Justice John Roberts, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, Rep. Teri Sewell (D-Ala.). Then it was on to a dinner at the home of Barbara Albritton, the chair of The Prince of Wales’s U.S. Foundation.

Emily Heil is the co-author of the Reliable Source and previously helped pen the In the Loop column with Al Kamen.