Article: This is the classic way to wear a fanny pack, though you may be surprised to learn you can create different styles just wearing it in slightly different places near your waist! For instance, try wearing it at your natural waist, which is just above your belly button, where your torso is the smallest. Wearing a fanny pack here helps define the shape of your body. Try wearing it on the front but slightly off-center.  You can also place the fanny pack near the top of your pants for a bold approach. This position makes the fanny pack stand out, since it's sitting near your hips, pushing it outward. If you want to show off your fanny pack this way, position it at or just below your belly button. You can wear it in the front of your body right in the middle, slightly off-center, or off one hip. Wear a small bag through your belt loops for a subtle approach. Pull the straps through your belt loops from the front with the pack like a belt buckle. Secure it in the back, and then throw a jacket over your whole outfit. Try wearing your fanny pack turned to the back for a fun surprise. Wear it slung across your backside at your waist. People won't be able to see it in the front, but when you turn around, you'll have a fashionable accessory! While fanny packs are usually worn around the waist, using one as a shoulder bag can be a trendy look. Wear it across your chest with the bag centered in front. Because it fits close to your body, it will keep all your stuff within easy reach. You can even put a fanny pack on over a jacket. The fanny pack can act as a belt, cinching in your clothes to create a more defined silhouette. This is the classic way to wear a fanny pack. Belt a small leather bag into your pants and wear a shirt you tuck in or that falls just at the fanny pack. Then, throw a jacket over it all to complete the look.  This look is great for a rock concert or date night, depending on what jacket you choose! You can also try this look with a statement top and no jacket, such as a plunging silk top with billowy arms that falls just over the top of the fanny pack. Pair a stylish bag with your favorite shirt and jeans. Sling the bag over your hips, and you're ready for a walk through the park or a fun day at a festival.  Try adding flats for a bit of pizazz or simply stick with sneakers if you need to walk a long way. You could also wear corduroys or sporty pants. In the winter, wearing it over your clothes may still hide your fanny pack so move it so it's on the outside. Try wearing one over a trench coat, for instance, for easy access. Wrap it around your natural waist or just below to help define your silhouette.  Pick one that adds a pop of color or try one that blends in with the outfit. You could also put one over a blazer. You may not think a fanny pack goes over a dress, but think again. Many fashion-forward celebrities rock this look. Just pick a stylish bag in a quality material, and you're good to go.  For instance, try a leather bag over a maxi dress. Other quality materials include silk and wool. This look works best for casual looks, date night, and semi-formal events, depending on the bag you choose. Skip it for formal events.

What is a summary?