Hoping to avoid their first three-game losing streak since 2011, the Broncos played host to the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday Night Football. The Bengals dominated the first half time of possession by more than a 2-1 margin. The Bengals took the opening possession of the game and marched down the field, with quarterback AJ McCarron, playing in place of the injured Andy Dalton, throwing a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver A. J. Green in the corner of the end zone. The Bengals later added to their lead in the second quarter, with wide receiver Mohamed Sanu rushing for a 6-yard touchdown, in a "wildcat" formation. The Bengals were threatening to add to their lead just before the two-minute warning, but placekicker Mike Nugent missed wide right on a 45-yard field goal attempt. The Broncos then marched down the field, but had to settle for a 23-yard field goal by placekicker Brandon McManus just before halftime. The Broncos took the initial possession of the second half, and pulled to within 14-10, with quarterback Brock Osweiler connecting with wide receiver Emmanuel Sanders on an 8-yard touchdown pass, which was the only scoring play of the third quarter. After having trouble stopping the Bengals' offense in the first half, the Broncos' defense forced the Bengals to punt on their first four possessions of the second half. The Broncos grabbed a 17-14 lead early in the fourth quarter, with running back C. J. Anderson scampering down the sideline for a 39-yard touchdown. A 52-yard field goal by Nugent helped the Bengals tie the game at 17-17 with 6:51 remaining in the fourth quarter. The Broncos had reached the Bengals' 27-yard line on the next possession, and were attempting a game-winning drive, but Bengals' defensive end Michael Johnson forced a fumble off Anderson, which was recovered by safety Reggie Nelson. However, the Broncos' defense forced a Bengals' punt, and the Broncos' offense began their next drive at their own 20-yard line with 1:40 remaining. However, McManus badly missed wide left on a potential game-winning 45-yard field goal attempt as time expired, sending the game to overtime. The Broncos won the overtime coin toss, and took a 20-17 lead on their initial possession, with a 37-yard field goal by McManus. The drive was aided by a 15-yard personal foul penalty on Bengals' linebacker Vontaze Burfict for a late hit out-of-bounds. The Bengals started their first offensive possession of overtime at their own 33-yard line, and on their first play, McCarron attempted a pass that was incomplete, as his arm was hit by Broncos' linebacker Von Miller. Broncos' head coach Gary Kubiak called a timeout, thinking the play should have been ruled as a game-ending fumble, however, the initial ruling was upheld by instant replay. On the very next play, McCarron fumbled the snap, which was recovered by Broncos' linebacker DeMarcus Ware to end the game and send the Broncos to the postseason for the fifth consecutive season. This was the third game of the season that the Broncos won after trailing 14-0 &#8212; the other two were Week 2 at the Kansas City Chiefs and Week 12 vs. the New England Patriots.

How many field goals did Mike Nugent miss in the second quarter?