Please answer the following question: Information:  - Late Show with David Letterman is an American late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS, the first iteration of the "Late Show" franchise. The show debuted on August 30, 1993, and was produced by Letterman's production company, Worldwide Pants Incorporated and CBS Television Studios. The show's music director and leader of the house band, the CBS Orchestra, was Paul Shaffer. The head writer was Matt Roberts and the announcer was Alan Kalter. Of the major U.S. late-night programs, "Late Show" ranked second in cumulative average viewers over time and third in number of episodes over time. In most U.S. markets the show aired from 11:35 p.m. to 12:37 a.m. Eastern and Pacific Time, and recorded Monday through Wednesdays at 4:30 p.m., and Thursdays at 3:30 p.m. and 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The second Thursday episode usually aired on Friday of that week.  - Lifted or The Story Is in the Soil, Keep Your Ear to the Ground is the fourth album by Bright Eyes and the 46th release of Saddle Creek Records. The band made its national television debut in support of the album, performing "The Trees Get Wheeled Away" (a track that was not on the album) on the "Late Show with David Letterman". The album is referenced in the Jonathan Franzen novel "Freedom" when the main characters Walter and Richard attend a Bright Eyes concert in Washington D.C. during the "Lifted" tour.  - Saddle Creek Records is an American record label based in Omaha, Nebraska. Started as a college class project on entrepreneurship, the label was founded by Mike Mogis and Justin Oberst in 1993 (as Lumberjack Records). Mogis soon turned over his role in the company to Robb Nansel. The label is named after Saddle Creek Road, a street that cuts through the east side of midtown Omaha, and the beginnings of a scene whose members included Conor Oberst (then a solo artist, currently of Bright Eyes, Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band, Desaparecidos and Monsters of Folk), Tim Kasher (then of Slowdown Virginia, currently of Cursive and The Good Life), and others. Collectively, they were known unofficially as the "Creekers". Saddle Creek first appeared in print on a show flyer, offering to "Spend an evening with Saddle Creek" (later to be the title of the label's DVD.) Saddle Creek became an incorporated entity as a result of a class project on entrepreneurship. Distribution is handled by the Alternative Distribution Alliance, which is under the Warner Music Group umbrella.  - `` Lover I Do n't Have to Love '' is a song by Bright Eyes released as a single in 2002 and released on the album Lifted or The Story Is in the Soil , Keep Your Ear to the Ground . The music video is karaoke with sing - along lyrics and different ambiences in the background . It was covered by Bettie Serveert on their 2004 album Attagirl , and this cover was played extensively during the episode `` The Undertow '' of The O.C. The line `` I asked your name , you asked the time '' is a reference to the novel The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger . Single cover photograph by Casey Scott .    What entity does 'lover i don't have to love' has the relation 'record label' with?
Answer: