Quick Question: This treaty and the separate peace treaties between Great Britain and the nations that supported the American cause -- France, Spain, and the Dutch Republic -- are known collectively as the Peace of Paris. Only Article 1 of the treaty, which acknowledges the United States' existence as free sovereign and independent states, remains in force.

Answer this question: who did the treaty of paris grant independence to?
My answer: This is the relevant information: Only Article 1 of the treaty, which acknowledges the United States' existence as free sovereign and independent states, remains in force. The answer is the United States.

Quick Question: "I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing" is a power ballad performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith for the 1998 film Armageddon which Steven Tyler's daughter Liv Tyler starred in. Written by Diane Warren, the song debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 (the first # 1 for the band after 28 years together). It is one of three songs performed by the band for the film, the other two being "What Kind of Love Are You On" and "Sweet Emotion". The song stayed at number one for four weeks from September 5 to 26, 1998. The song also stayed at number 1 for several weeks in several other countries. It sold over a million copies in the UK and reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.

Answer this question based on the passage: movie with i don't want to miss a thing?
My answer: This is the relevant information: "I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing" is a power ballad performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith for the 1998 film Armageddon which Steven Tyler's daughter Liv Tyler starred in. The answer is the 1998 film Armageddon.

Quick Question: Émilie du Châtelet (1706 -- 1749) proposed and tested the hypothesis of the conservation of total energy, as distinct from momentum. Inspired by the theories of Gottfried Leibniz, she repeated and publicized an experiment originally devised by Willem' s Gravesande in 1722 in which balls were dropped from different heights into a sheet of soft clay. Each ball's kinetic energy-as indicated by the quantity of material displaced-was shown to be proportional to the square of the velocity. The deformation of the clay was found to be directly proportional to the height the balls were dropped from, equal to the initial potential energy. Earlier workers, including Newton and Voltaire, had all believed that "energy" (so far as they understood the concept at all) was not distinct from momentum and therefore proportional to velocity. According to this understanding, the deformation of the clay should have been proportional to the square root of the height from which the balls were dropped from. In classical physics the correct formula is E k = 1 2 m v 2 (\ displaystyle E_ ( k) = (\ frac ( 1) (2) ) mv ^ (2) ), where E k (\ displaystyle E_ ( k) ) is the kinetic energy of an object, m (\ displaystyle m) its mass and v (\ displaystyle v) its speed. On this basis, Châtelet proposed that energy must always have the same dimensions in any form, which is necessary to be able to relate it in different forms (kinetic, potential, heat ...).

Who made the law of conservation of energy?
My answer: