A curry house has been fined £3,000 after two dead mice were discovered next to a sack of onions. Health inspectors also found rodent droppings in the kitchen and food stored inside a dirty shed when they visited Khans Tandoori and Balti Takeaway in Portsmouth, Hampshire. The kitchen sink was also dry and had no soap and the staff toilet was in a poor condition, while layers of dirt, grease and debris had built up in the areas where food was handled and stored. Khans Tandoori and Balti Takeaway in Portsmouth, Hampshire, has been fined £3,000 after these dead mice were discovered next to a sack of onions. Magistrates ordered the restaurant to pay a £1,800 fine, £1,117 in costs and a £36 victim surcharge, after owner of Harold Southsea Ltd, admitted five charges under hygiene legislation on behalf of the takeaway. Health officer Christopher Larkin from Portsmouth City Council had discovered the dead mice on sticky boards that had been put out to catch the vermin when he visited the restaurant last July. Staff were forced to close the restaurant to make emergency repairs, and it was only allowed to reopen once the kitchen had been cleaned and disinfected, and the food moved out of the lean-to shed. Other improvements were also made. Magistrates ordered the restaurant (pictured) to pay a £1,800 fine, £1,117 in costs and a £36 victim surcharge, after owner of Harold Southsea Ltd, admitted five charges under hygiene legislation on behalf of the takeaway. Inspectors found that the kitchen sink was dry and had no soap, while the staff toilet was in a poor condition. 'Food hygiene is of prime importance and we cannot allow poor standards and behaviour like this,' said Alan Cufley, head of environmental health at the Portsmouth City Council. 'When problems are found, we try to work with businesses to help them improve, but if necessary we will take appropriate action, including prosecution, to protect the public.' The restaurant admitted failing to maintain the premises in good repair, failing to maintain them in a clean condition, failing to protect food from risk of contamination, failing to protect the kitchen from pest entry, and failing to control pests. These bags of cleaning products were discovered when inspectors visited the takeaway in July last year. Mr Khan, who owns the takeaway, said: 'It's been cleaned up. Basically we have done everything that's required. 'We have been trying to improve it for the future. We have never had it this bad before. 'We have taken measures to have a clean kitchen.' Council environment chief Robert New said: 'There's just no excuse for mice to be in kitchens. 'It has been a priority since I took over. It's about protecting the public.' He added there has been a change of strategy at the council, with officers now tackling 'medium to bad' offenders as a priority, rather than looking at each restaurant in turn. Health inspectors also found food being stored inside this dirty shed. The takeaway was forced to close, and could only reopen once the restaurant had been cleaned, and the food removed from the lean-to. Mouse droppings were found on the floor of the kitchen, and in a goods store used by staff.

Write highlights for this article.