Write some highlights for the following article:

Emoticons such as smiley and sad faces are changing the way our brain works, Australian researchers have claimed. They say the use of the punctuation faces trigger parts of the brain usually reserved for looking at real faces. They believe this may be the key to their popularity - as we process them as a real face. Researchers found that our brains adapt so that we process emoticons as if they were a real face. :P I am sticking out my tongue :^P I am sticking out tongue, and I have a nose B^P I am sticking out tongue, and I have sunglasses:{ I am having a hard time ;-) Winking at you :-D I am laughing happily @}->-- Rose for you (to show affection) |^o I am snoring >:-( I am annoyed. 'Emoticons are a new form of language that we're producing," Dr Owen Churches of the school of psychology at Flinders University in Adelaide told ABC News. 'And to decode that language we've produced a new pattern of brain activity.' The researchers say that we pay more attention to faces than most other things we see as we try to 'read' them for emotion. The team wanted to see if this was the case with emoticons. The team showed 20 participants images of real faces, smiley face. emoticons (involving the use of a colon, hyphen and parenthesis), and a. meaningless string of characters. They used electrophysiology to. determine the pattern of electrical activity in the brain when the. participants viewed the different images, and found we react to. emoticons ion the same way. Emoticons have become massively popular, being used in text message and online conversations, along with art projects such as this Banksy Exhibit. The researchers admit the were stunned by the results. 'There is no innate neural response to emoticons that babies are born with. 'Before 1982 there would be no reason that ':-)' would activate face sensitive areas of the cortex but now it does because we've learnt that this represents a face," said Churches. 'This is an entirely culturally-created neural response. It's really quite amazing.' One of the earliest appearances of the emoticon appears in an 1862 transcript of a speech by President Abraham Lincoln. The transcript records the audience's response to Lincoln's droll introduction as "(applause and laughter ;)." However, the modern usage began when a joke about a fake mercury spill at Carnegie Mellon University was posted online and mistake for a genuine warning. Following a debate,on Sept. 19, 1982, faculty member Scott E. Fahlman entered the debate with the following message:. I propose that [sic] the following character sequence for joke markers::-)Read it sideways. Actually, it is probably more economical to mark things that are NOT jokes, given current trends. For this, use::-(. Seperately the yellow smiley face symbol pre-dates and was developed independent;y, although the two have now merged in many people';s minds. A freelance artist called Harvey Ball designed the original yellow smiley face to be used on a button to try and boost morale at a recently merged insurance company. He made $45 for his design, which was eventually adopted by hippy, then rave culture where is appeared n clothing and ectasy tablets.