Oscar Pistorius Murder Trial for Reeva Steenkamp's Death
Good morning from the North Gauteng High CourtHere's what we expect from day 23 of the Oscar Pistorius trial- Gerrie Nel will continue his cross-examination of Pistorius for day five. Pistorius has now been on the stand for seven days.- We expect Nel to focus on what happened after he found Reeva Steenkamp in the toilet after he shot her.

Here's a summary of what we heard on day 22 of the Oscar Pistorius trial - Nel started by quizzing Pistorius on why Reeva's jeans would have been on the floor if everything else pointed to the fact she was a neat person.- He then moved to the blue LED light Pistorius said he saw on the night of the shooting. Nel put it to him his version couldnt be true as the amplifier was on, and there were other lights on as well on the sound system, which he would have seen in the night.- He asked OP about Reeva eating within two hours of her death, something Pistorius could not explain.- Nel said it was improbable that Reeva could have gone downstairs to eat as the alarm would have gone off.- Nel then asked who OP remembered going upstairs from the police first. OP said he remembered a policeman, and then Col van Rensburg. He later admitted he could not disagree with Van Rensburg's version that he wasn't the first on the scene.- Nel pointed out the fan - in Van Rensburg's version - was in the spot in the photo shown to OP previously and not where he put it. OP disagreed.- Nel then pointed out there was blood splatter on the duvet and on the carpet, Nel said the duvet was on the floor, OP denies this. Nel says it must have been "sheer luck" that the policeman put it in that particular spot as Pistorius alleges- Nel pointed out Pistorius lied when he said he whispered to Steenkamp, and now says it was talking softly. Pistorius initially denies he lied, then says it was a mistake.- Nel points out that the window sliding open and hitting the window frame is not in OP's bail application or plea explanation.- He then asks OP what he shouted as he went down the hall. OP says "Get the f*** out, get the f*** out" then breaks down and cries. Says later it was the trauma that made him cry.- Crucially Nel then got Pistorius to admit he wasn't using the Putitive Self Defence defence, by admitting he didn't fire at the perceived danger, but that it was an involuntary discharge. This is a massive change in the defence.- Nel said to Pistorius he fired "at Reeva". "I didn't fire at Reeva" he answered breaking down again.- Nel said the wood sound Pistorius claims to have heard that made him shoot was the magazine rack, and that he heard it when Reeva fell, "you changed aim" Nel said, OP denies this.- Nel got OP to say defence tested his screams, but Nel asks why this was never played to the court witnesses to hear if it was they heard.- After lunch Nel grilled Pistorius on how Reeva walked in the dark to the bathroom, OP said she may have used her cellphone as a light. "Then you would have seen it" Nel snapped back.- Nel got Pistorius to say "I blame myself for taking Reeva's life"- Nel also quizzed Pistorius on his jump from thinking it was intruders to thinking it was Reeva.
What was this article about?