Information:  - In science fiction stories or Superhero comics, X-ray vision is the ability to see through physical objects at the discretion of the holder of this superpower. The most famous possessor of this ability is DC Comics' iconic superhero character, Superman.  - X : The Man with the X-ray Eyes is a 1963 science fiction / horror film . Directed by Roger Corman from a script by Ray Russell and Robert Dillon , the film stars Ray Milland as Dr. James Xavier . A world - renowned scientist , Dr. Xavier experiments with X-ray vision and things go horribly wrong . While most of the cast are relatively unknown , Don Rickles is notable in an uncharacteristically dramatic role . Veteran character actor Morris Ankrum makes an uncredited appearance , his last in the movie industry . American International Pictures released the film as a double feature with Dementia 13 . Shot in a mere three weeks on an ultra-slim budget of $ 300,000 , Corman described the film 's success as a miracle . The movie was notable for its use of visual effects to portray Dr. Xavier 's point of view . While crude by later standards , the visuals are still effective in impressing upon the audience the bizarre viewpoint of the protagonist .  - Ray Milland (3 January 1907  10 March 1986) was a Welsh actor and director. His screen career ran from 1929 to 1985, and he is best remembered for his Academy Award-winning portrayal of an alcoholic writer in "The Lost Weekend" (1945), a sophisticated leading man opposite a corrupt John Wayne in "Reap the Wild Wind" (1942), the murder-plotting husband in "Dial M for Murder" (1954), and as Oliver Barrett III in "Love Story" (1970).  - Reap the Wild Wind is a 1942 film starring Ray Milland, John Wayne, Paulette Goddard, Robert Preston, and Susan Hayward, and directed by Cecil B. DeMille, his second picture to be filmed in color. It is based on a serialized story written by Thelma Strabel in 1940 for "The Saturday Evening Post". The movie, released shortly after the United States' entry into World War II, was a swashbuckling adventure set in the 1840s along the Florida coast, and was wildly successful.  - DC Comics, Inc. is an American comic book publisher. It is the publishing unit of DC Entertainment, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc. , a division of Time Warner. DC Comics is one of the largest, oldest, and most successful companies operating in American comic books, and produces material featuring numerous well-known heroic characters, including Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Supergirl, The Flash, Aquaman, Cyborg, Shazam, Martian Manhunter, Zatanna, Static Shock, Hawkman, Hawkgirl and Green Arrow. The fictional DC universe also features teams such as the Justice League, the Justice Society of America, the Suicide Squad, and the Teen Titans, and well-known villains such as Joker, Lex Luthor, Darkseid, Catwoman, Ra's al Ghul, Deathstroke, Professor Zoom, Sinestro, Black Adam and Brainiac. The company has also published non-DC Universe-related material, including "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" and many titles under their alternative imprint Vertigo.    What entity does 'x: the man with the x-ray eyes' has the relation 'color' with?