Here is a news article: In his laboratory in Harbin, China, Professor Xiaoping Ren is working on the extreme edge of science: performing head transplants on mice. Video: Max Duncan. Photo: Gilles Sabrié for The Wall Street Journal 
  
 HARBIN, China—Xiaoping Ren stood up after 10 hours hunched over an operating table and looked proudly at his patient, a small black mouse with a new brown head. 
  
 When he took a ventilator off the tiny creature’s throat, the head began breathing spontaneously with its new body. An hour later, the body twitched, and, a few hours after that, the mouse opened its eyes, Dr. Ren recalls. 
  
 Since... ||||| Xiaoping Ren has performed over 1,000 head transplants on mice - and wants to move on to monkeys 
  
 Controversial Chinese surgeon Xiaoping Ren has made his name by transplanting mice heads onto different bodies. 
  
 The creatures don't live longer than a few minutes but Dr. Ren has been able to create Frankenstein-like mice with heads that are a different colour from their bodies. 
  
 Now he wants to begin chopping up monkeys in order to get closer to an actual human head transplant. 
  
 According to the WSJ, which shadowed the surgeon during a 10-hour transplant operation, he is “hoping to create the first head-transplanted primate that can live and breathe on its own, at least for a little while.” 
  
 Xiaoping Ren Xiaoping Ren has performed head transplants on over 1000 mice 
  
 Animal rights organisations have blasted the Chinese doctor and his methods. 
  
 "It is deeply disturbing that a researcher has been allowed to subject more than 1,000 mice to these cruel and medically absurd experiments," a spokesperson for Animal Aid told Mirror Online. 
  
 "There is no way in which a surgical procedure that allows a mouse, or even a monkey, to survive for a few minutes is likely to translate into concrete benefits for human patients," they said. 
  
 "Even if the surgery was developed so that mice or primates were kept alive for longer, fundamental differences between species mean there is no guarantee that humans would experience the same results. 
  
 "If individual people want to volunteer to participate in such research, then they are free to make an informed decision, but animals should not be forced to suffer in these pointless and macabre experiments." 
  
 Experts meanwhile have likewise branded the work ridiculous - citing that human head transplants are controversial and a long way from being medically possible. 
  
 They could offer a new life for paralysed or quadriplegic patients, but the ethics of the procedure are incredibly complex. 
  
 Arthur Caplan, director of medical ethics at New York University’s Langone Medical Centre said the bodies of head transplant patients “would end up being overwhelmed with different pathways and chemistry than they are used to and they’d go crazy.” 
  
 He added: “It’s not like you can unscrew your head and put it on someone else.” 
  
 Dr Hunt Batjer, president elect of the American Association for Neurological Surgeons, added: “I would not wish this on anyone. 
  
 “I would not allow anyone to do it to me as there are a lot of things worse than death.” |||||
A summary of this is?