The dead student was identified by Northern Arizona University as Colin Brough. 
  
 The three wounded men — Nicholas Prato, Kyle Zientek and Nicholas Piring — were being treated at Flagstaff Medical Center, the school said. Their conditions were not immediately clear. 
  
 The attack began as a confrontation between two groups of students that "turned physical" before Jones pulled a gun and opened fire, Fowler told reporters and students at news conference. 
  
 The shooting occurred in a parking lot near the Mountain View Hall dormitory, where most of the school's fraternity members live, school officials said. 
  
 Jones was booked on a count of first-degree murder and three counts of aggravated assault, his attorney, said. He was being held in lieu of a $2 million cash-only bail. 
  
 "He killed my best friend, and I watched him die in front of me," student Nico Keintek told NBC station KPNX. "He should think about what he did." ||||| We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? 
  
 Yes ||||| FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — An early morning fight between two groups of students escalated into gunfire in the parking lot outside an Arizona university dormitory, leaving one person dead and three others wounded, authorities said Friday. 
  
 The suspected shooter, identified by police as 18-year-old Steven Jones, was in custody, said university police Chief JT Fowler. 
  
 The parking lot where the shooting happened is just outside Mountain View Hall dormitory at the northeast side of the Flagstaff campus, said school public relations director Cindy Brown. 
  
 The dorm is home to many of the campus' sororities and fraternities, according to the school's website. 
  
 "This is not going to be a normal day at NAU," said school president Rita Cheng. "Our hearts are heavy." 
  
 Student Maria Gonzalez told The Associated Press that she at first suspected firecrackers. 
  
 "I was studying for an exam so I looked out the window and see two people running, and that's when I realized they weren't fireworks they were actually gunshots," she said. 
  
 The first police call about the gunfire came in at 1:20 a.m. PDT. 
  
 On its website, the university said that the campus was stabilized and the campus was not on lockdown. 
  
 "How am I supposed to feel safe where I'm learning," Gonzalez said. 
  
 Brown said the wounded were taken to Flagstaff Medical Center, which said it couldn't release any information on conditions. 
  
 Both university and Flagstaff police are investigating. 
  
 The Flagstaff shooting comes on the same day that President Barack Obama is scheduled to visit Roseburg, Oregon, where eight students and a teacher were shot and killed last week at Umpqua Community College. The gunman in the Oregon shooting wounded nine others before turning the gun on himself. 
  
 NAU plays a major role in the northern Arizona city of Flagstaff. 
  
 The 4-year public university has more than 25,000 total undergraduates. 
  
 ___ 
  
 AP writers Bob Seavey in Phoenix and Bob Lentz in Philadelphia and AP Radio's Matt Small in Washington contributed to this report. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?