Question: Webster's Third New International Dictionary, published in 1961, went against then-standard practice when it included the following usage note in its entry on ai n't: "though disapproved by many and more common in less educated speech, used orally in most parts of the U.S. by many cultivated speakers esp. in the phrase ai n't I." Many commentators disapproved of the dictionary's relatively permissive attitude toward the word, which was inspired, in part, by the belief of its editor, Philip Gove, that "distinctions of usage were elitist and artificial."

When was ain't added to the dictionary?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: Webster's Third New International Dictionary, published in 1961, went against then-standard practice when it included the following usage note in its entry on ai n't: "though disapproved by many and more common in less educated speech, used orally in most parts of the U.S. by many cultivated speakers esp. in the phrase ai n't I." The answer is 1961.

Question: The shot clock first came to use in 1954 in Syracuse, New York, where Syracuse Nationals (now the Philadelphia 76ers) owner Danny Biasone and general manager Leo Ferris experimented using a 24-second version during a scrimmage game. According to Biasone, "I looked at the box scores from the games I enjoyed, games where they did n't screw around and stall. I noticed each team took about 60 shots. That meant 120 shots per game. So I took 2,880 seconds (48 minutes) and divided that by 120 shots. The result was 24 seconds per shot." Biasone and Ferris then convinced the NBA to adopt it for the 1954 -- 55 season, a season in which the Nationals won the NBA Championship.

Answer this question: when was the shot clock introduced to basketball?
Answer: This is the relevant information: The shot clock first came to use in 1954 in Syracuse, New York, where Syracuse Nationals (now the Philadelphia 76ers) owner Danny Biasone and general manager Leo Ferris experimented using a 24-second version during a scrimmage game. The answer is 1954.

Question: Common Sense is a pamphlet written by Thomas Paine in 1775 -- 76 advocating independence from Great Britain to people in the Thirteen Colonies. Written in clear and persuasive prose, Paine marshaled moral and political arguments to encourage common people in the Colonies to fight for egalitarian government. It was published anonymously on January 10, 1776, at the beginning of the American Revolution, and became an immediate sensation.

Based on this passage, who helped explain the reasons for independence by writing common sense?
Answer: The relevant sentence in the passage is: Common Sense is a pamphlet written by Thomas Paine in 1775 -- 76 advocating independence from Great Britain to people in the Thirteen Colonies. The answer is Thomas Paine.

Question: The series premiered on September 14, 2002, and ran for three seasons before ending on July 21, 2006. The title song was performed by Canadian band Simple Plan. Reruns of the series have aired on both Cartoon Network and Boomerang in the United States. It also aired on Teletoon in Canada, and CITV in the United Kingdom.

Who sings the what's new scooby doo theme song?
Answer: