Information:  - Responsible government is a conception of a system of government that embodies the principle of parliamentary accountability, the foundation of the Westminster system of parliamentary democracy. Governments (the equivalent of the executive branch) in Westminster democracies are responsible to parliament rather than to the monarch, or, in a colonial context, to the imperial government, and in a republican context, to the president, either in full or in part. If the parliament is bicameral, then the government is responsible first to the parliament's lower house, which is more numerous, always directly elected and thus more representative than the upper house. Responsible government of parliamentary accountability manifests itself in several ways. Ministers account to Parliament for their decisions and for the performance of their departments. This requirement to make announcements and to answer questions in Parliament means that ministers have to have the privileges of the "floor" which are only granted to those who are members of either house of Parliament. Secondly, and most importantly, although ministers are officially appointed by the authority of the head of state and can theoretically be dismissed at the pleasure of the sovereign, they concurrently retain their office subject to their holding the confidence of the lower house of Parliament. When the lower house has passed a motion of no confidence in the government, the government must immediately resign or submit itself to the electorate in a new general election.  - Garnet Charles `` Chuck '' Porter ( born December 29 , 1964 ) is a Canadian politician . He represents the electoral district of Hants West in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly as an Independent . He was a member of the Progressive Conservatives from 2006 to June 13 , 2014 , when he left the party citing leadership as a factor in his decision . In the past , Porter has served as a Councillor in the town of Windsor , Nova Scotia , as Chair of the Finance Committee . He also worked as a paramedic for 16 years before entering politics .  - Hants West is a provincial electoral district in Nova Scotia, Canada, that elects one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.  - Nova Scotia (Latin for "New Scotland"; French: "Nouvelle-Écosse") is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces, and one of the four provinces which form Atlantic Canada. Its provincial capital is Halifax. Nova Scotia is Canada's second-smallest province, with an area of , including Cape Breton and another 3,800 coastal islands. As of 2011, the population was 921,727, making Nova Scotia the second most-densely populated province in Canada with almost .  - The Nova Scotia Legislature, formally, known as the General Assembly, consists of the Crown represented by a Lieutenant Governor and the House of Assembly, is the legislative branch of the provincial government of Nova Scotia, Canada. The assembly is the oldest in Canada, having first sat in 1758, and in 1848 was the site of the first responsible government in the British Empire.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'position held' with 'member of the nova scotia house of assembly'.
Answer: