The family of a Russian heavyweight boxer who was beaten into a coma last year has filed a $100 million negligence lawsuit against the state of New York. Magomed Abdusalamov, 32, suffered a stroke and languished in a coma for several weeks after his vicious November 2 fight against Cuba's Mike Perez at Madison Square Garden. He is now bedridden with fears he may never walk or talk again. Now the fighter’s devastated wife Bakanay Abdusalamova plans to sue the state of New York and its athletic commission, alleging negligence and medical malpractice. She claimed in court papers filed yesterday that officials allowed her husband to be 'violently beaten, bludgeoned, punched and pummeled by his opponent without proper, timely or adequate recognition, termination and or/rescue.' Court action: The family of Russian heavyweight boxer Magomed Abdusalamov, 32 (pictured) who was beaten into a coma in a November 2 bout has filed a $100¿million lawsuit. Brutal: Magomed Abdusalamov (right) lost a bloody bout to Cuba's Mike Perez on November 2 and also broke his hand and nose. Abdusalamova is seeking $1 million is damages for loss of parental guidance and economic loss as a result of her husband's condition. The couple's three daughters, Patimat, Shakhrizat and Saygibat, are listed as claimants along with their mother. The Dagestan native suffered a broken. nose and hand in the first round and was visibly disfigured by the fifth. round. In the seventh round, two ringside doctors inspected Abdusalamov but. cleared him to continue. Although Perez nearly knocked then 'Russian Tyson' down in the final round, the referee and his own trainer let. him finish the 10-round fight. The court papers say Abdusalamov, who absorbed 312 punches, was advised by state officials to go to a hospital when he urinated blood after the fight, but an ambulance was not provided. The severely injured boxer and his frightened family were forced to find a cab outside the entertainment venue during rush hour, the court papers say. 'They should have stopped the fight,' the fighter's cousin, Amin Suleymanov, told The New York Post. 'Everybody could see that.' Family man: Abdusalamov (left), pictured before the crippling November 2 bout with his wife, Bakanay, and daughters, now aged seven, four and one. Devastated: Abdusalamov's wife Bakanay (left) and brother Abdusalam (right) said the 32-year-old dad was a devoted family man. The Wall Street Journal reported Abdusalamov sustained a blood clot on his brain during the fight. The clot was discovered after he went to Roosevelt Hospital to be treated for nose and hand injuries. Doctors operated on his brain to remove the clot, then placed him in a medically induced coma to help ease the swelling in his brain. Abdusalamov suffered a stroke shortly after. He remained in a coma for several weeks, only awakening once briefly. Now, according to ESPN, he is in a rehabilitation facility and can move only slightly. Doctors say he may never walk or talk again. Abdusalamov’s case is currently under investigation by the State Athletic Commission. Fierce: Perez (left)  beat the 'Russian Tyson' (right) after 10 rounds in the ring on November 2.

Write highlights for this article.