Article: Anxiety may cause people to neglect their physical or emotional health, and you can help by suggesting that she do something if you notice she has forgotten. Self-soothing activities may be especially important if she has frequent anxiety. For example, ask her if she would like to get something to eat or suggest that she take a warm, long bath.  When dealing with children, engage in relaxing activities together. Let them pick what they want to do. Not everyone with anxiety will have an anxiety disorder but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t need to be dealt with. Set aside 30 minutes out of the day, where your loved one can just have a good worry. During this time, don’t let him be distracted by anything other than worrying and feeling anxious. Encourage him to think of solutions to his problems. This technique is effective with children as well as adults and helps them gain a sense of control over their problems. Your loved one may tell you why she feels upset, or you may have been able to tell based on what set off the anxiety. Try saying how upset she looks, and recognize that this is hard. This lets her know that you care, and that you think her struggles are valid. Ironically, affirming her stress can reduce it.  "That sounds really hard." "I can see why that would be upsetting to you. It sounds like visiting your father can be difficult for you sometimes." "You look stressed. Your face is scrunched up and you look hunched over. Do you want to talk about it?" Hugs can bring comfort to an anxious person. You may try to pat his back, give him a one-armed hug or put your arm around his shoulder to make him comfortable. Only do what you and he are comfortable with. Always give him opportunities to decline. If he is dealing with sensory overload or are autistic, touch may make things worse. Or he may not be in the mood. This can be an enormous relief to the anxious person. Be accommodating, and don't question her bad days or unusual needs. Treat her anxiety like a fact that, while unfortunate, is not a dreadful burden upon your life. Recognize that her feelings matter, and treat her with compassion, anxiety and all. Be flexible. It may take longer for people with anxiety problems to get ready for events such as getting ready for school. Factor in this time and allow for delays. If your loved one isn't being treated already, seeing a doctor about his anxiety may allow him to get the help he needs. It’s important to rule out any underlying medical or biological causes of the anxiety. Once you know that the cause of  your loved one’s anxiety is psychological, you will be in a better position to seek treatment. To give him a boost, you might suggest accompanying him to take notes, help him remember symptoms, or just for moral support. Asking others for help can be very encouraging for a person with anxiety problems. In fact, persons with strong informal support networks have increase their chances of benefitting from treatment for anxiety.  You don’t have to do anything specific. Just knowing that there are people around with whom to talk to and share her worries with, can help a person with anxiety problems feel better.
What is a summary of what this article is about?