q... In 1977, William S. Doyle, Deputy Commissioner of the New York State Department of Commerce hired advertising agency Wells Rich Greene to develop a marketing campaign for New York State. Doyle also recruited Milton Glaser, a productive graphic designer to work on the campaign and create a design based on Wells Rich Greene's advertising campaign. Glaser's final sketch to accompany the agency's "I Love New York" slogan was conceived in a taxi. It comprised the letter I and a heart shape followed by NY, all on the same line. As the idea developed he decided to stack the I and heart shape on a line above the NY characters, later stating that he may have been a "subliminally" influenced by Robert Indiana's LOVE pop art image.

When was i love new york logo designed?
a... To answer the question, consider the following: Glaser's final sketch to accompany the agency's "I Love New York" slogan was conceived in a taxi.
The answer is 1977


q... Peter Rabbit is a 2018 live-action / computer-animated comedy film directed by Will Gluck and written by Rob Lieber and Gluck, based on the stories of Peter Rabbit created by Beatrix Potter. The film stars the voice of James Corden as the title character, with Rose Byrne, Domhnall Gleeson, Sam Neill, Daisy Ridley, Elizabeth Debicki, and Margot Robbie also starring. The film was released on February 9, 2018, received mixed reviews from critics and has grossed over $341 million worldwide, making it the tenth highest-grossing film of 2018. A sequel is set for a February 7, 2020 release.

Answer this question: who does the voice of peter in peter rabbit?
a... The important part for answering this question is: The film stars the voice of James Corden as the title character, with Rose Byrne, Domhnall Gleeson, Sam Neill, Daisy Ridley, Elizabeth Debicki, and Margot Robbie also starring.
The answer is James Corden


q... The most recent Rookie of the Year winner is Malcolm Brogdon. Twenty-one winners were drafted first overall. Sixteen winners have also won the NBA Most Valuable Player (MVP) award in their careers; Wilt Chamberlain and Wes Unseld earning both honors the same season. Nineteen of the forty two non-active winners have been elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Three seasons had joint winners -- Dave Cowens and Geoff Petrie in the 1970 -- 71 season, Grant Hill and Jason Kidd in the 1994 -- 95 season, and Elton Brand and Steve Francis in the 1999 -- 2000 season. Five players won the award unanimously (by capturing all of the first-place votes) -- Ralph Sampson, David Robinson, Blake Griffin, Damian Lillard, and Karl-Anthony Towns.

Answer this question based on the passage: who won rookie of the year last year in nba?
a... The relevant information is: The most recent Rookie of the Year winner is Malcolm Brogdon.
The answer is Malcolm Brogdon


q... The song features a three-part music video spanning 15 minutes, directed by Shaun Silva. In it, actor Luke Benward plays a man who is injured in a car accident. Silva said that he was inspired by the video for "What Hurts the Most" by Rascal Flatts, which he also directed.

Answer this question based on the passage: who is in jason aldean you make it easy video?
a...