News article:

UPDATE 3/18/18 7:07 p.m. - Sheriff Cecil Cantrell confirmed the girl died at the hospital from her injuries. Coroner Alan Gurley says she died at 6:45 Sunday evening. 
  
 Scroll for more content... 
  
 MONROE COUNTY, Miss. (WTVA) - A 9-year-old boy is accused of shooting and killing his 13-year-old sister in the head during an argument over a video game. 
  
 Sheriff Cecil Cantrell says deputies responded to the scene around 1 p.m. on Saturday. 
  
 There they learned the boy grabbed a gun when the teenage girl would not give up the video game controller. Sheriff Cantrell says the bullet went through the girl's brain. 
  
 Their mother was in another room feeding lunch to other kids when it happened. Sheriff Cantrell said they aren't sure how the boy was able to access the gun. 
  
 The girl was rushed to Le Bonheur's Children's Hospital where she later died from her injuries. 
  
 Sheriff Cantrell confirms the victim was Dijonae White. She was a student at Tupelo Middle School. 
  
 This case is under investigation. Sheriff Cantrell says he does not know what consequences the boy faces. He adds he has never had a case where a child shoots another child in that manner. We aren't sure if the boy is in custody or not. ||||| CLOSE Police say a 13-year old girl in Mississippi is dead after being shot in the back of head Saturday by her 9-year old brother, after she refused to give up her video game controller. For more on the story here is Zachary Devita. Buzz60 
  
 This file photo taken on April 25, 2014 shows a view down the barrel of a semi-automatic handgun. (Photo: KAREN BLEIER, AFP/Getty Images) 
  
 A 13-year-old girl has died after authorities say she was shot Saturday by her 9-year-old brother, local media reported. 
  
 Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell said the girl would not give up a video game controller when her brother wanted it. 
  
 Cantrell said she was shot in the back of the head, and that the bullet went through her brain. 
  
 The girl was rushed to Le Bonheur's Children's Hospital in Memphis. Cantrell said late Sunday that she died of her injuries, WLOV-TV and other media reported. 
  
 Authorities don't yet know how the child had access to the weapon they say he used to shoot his sister. It's also unclear how much knowledge the boy had of the dangers of guns. 
  
 "He’s just 9. I assume he’s seen this on video games or TV," Cantrell said. "I don't know if he knew exactly what this would do. I can’t answer that. I do know it’s a tragedy." 
  
 The investigation will not be rushed, the sheriff said, and the identities of family members are not being released. 
  
 "This is all new ground for us, we've never dealt with a kid shooting a kid at age 9," Cantrell said. "We don't know yet what kind of charges or if charges will be pressed. We want to make sure we’re doing everything correctly. 
  
 "That’s why I’m not too fast to say anything because there are juveniles involved. We want to do what’s right and we’re going to get it right." 
  
 The sheriff asked for the public's thoughts and prayers for the child and the family. 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2poWoue |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?