A Florida waitress who went the extra mile after a customer left behind $1,000 in cash has been rewarded for her honesty, even though she returned the money to the wrong guy. Pregnant Samantha Knight, of Punta Gorda, found the stash of $100 dollar bills on the seat at one of her tables during her Tuesday night shift at Laishley Crab House. An unusual series of events, including giving the money to the wrong person, ended with her being given the full $1,000 plus an extra $100 tip. Ms Knight initially raced to the front of the restaurant to return the money roll to the customer she thought had left it behind - but she handed it to the wrong guy, and he left with the $1,000. Take the money and run: Surveillance footage at Laishley Crab House shows a waitress handing over $1,000 in lost cash she believed belonged to the man leaving on the right. Mix-up: Waitress Samantha Knight says she thought she was returning it to the right customer, and he acted like the lost money was his. The mix-up happened last Tuesday at Laishley Crab House in Punta Gorda, Florida. 'I was like "you left this in the booth." He said "thanks," patted his pocket, took it and walked away,' Ms Knight told WBBH. It was only after the man left with the small fortune that the waitress realized she mixed up tables and handed the money to the wrong customer. The man who actually dropped the money, Chuck Behm, was filmed leaving the restaurant just one minute prior - he soon came back looking for his cash. When told what happened, he was upset and said he'd have let her keep it. He didn't blame her for the confusion, instead blaming the guy who initially took money that wasn't his. 'I felt awful. I still feel madder than anything at that guy,' he told WBBH from back home in Chicago. There's that money I forgot: The man is filmed taking a mint from the restaurant's front desk on his way out when Ms Knight stops him and hands him the money. He easily accepts the wad of $100 dollar bills. Taking the cash: The man even pats his pocket as if the wad of bills fell out. Left too soon: The man the money actually belonged to, Charles Behm, was filmed leaving the restaurant just one minute before Ms Knight ran to catch the customer. Mr Behm then said that if the money was returned he would give it to the pregnant Ms Knight. After. contacting local television stations, and even having the young. waitress give an on-air interview, the man who took the money realized. it wasn't his and returned it. He said, in an interesting coincidence,. that he also had $1,000 cash in $100 bills on him at the restaurant. After he returned the money, the man, who asked not to be identified, gave the soon-to-be-mother an extra $100 tip 'for her troubles.' When contacted by Ms Knight to say the money was returned, Mr Behm stayed true to his word and told the hard working woman to keep it. 'I called him this morning and let him know,' she told the New York Daily News. 'He said, "It's yours to keep."' Honesty does pay off, and Ms Knight's proof is in her purse being $1,100 richer. What a tip! If the money is returned, Mr Behm plans to give it all to Ms Knight, who is currently expecting a baby.
What are the important parts of this article?