Write a summary based on this article:

NORTH MIAMI, Fla. - 
  
 A mayoral candidate in North Miami claims she has received an endorsement from a higher power. 
  
 Campaign posters for Anna L. Pierre tout that she was endorsed by Jesus Christ. 
  
 "It's a spiritual endorsement. Why? Because everything I do I always get God involved," Pierre said. 
  
 Quick Clicks North Miami mayoral candidate attacked 
  
 Pierre, a registered nurse and 90s Creole-language pop star, said she prayed leading up to registering for her candidacy and received three signs that Jesus was her endorser. 
  
 "And what were those three things?," asked Local 10's Janine Stanwood. 
  
 "Well, I'm going to keep them private," Pierre said. 
  
 The divine backing did not bother people working for Lucie Tondreau, Pierre's opponent across the street. 
  
 "Well, listen, that's her opinion," said State Representative Daphne Campbell. "That's her belief. We have to respect that. She wants Jesus to endorse her, that's okay." 
  
 The North Miami mayoral race has been full of shenanigans. 
  
 Last week, candidate Jean Marcellus was punched in the face inside his own campaign headquarters by an acquaintance. Candidate and former mayor Kevin Burns said he's filed five police reports for stolen signs. Pierre said last month she was the target of voodoo spells. 
  
 "What I say to those people who don't believe in Jesus? I'm going to tell them that, whether or not you believe in Jesus or not, once I am elected mayor, I'm going to be the mayor for everybody," Pierre said. 
  
 Election day is Tuesday, May 14. ||||| Anna Pierre claims her introduction to North Miami politics has included intimidation and voodoo tactics. (Published Tuesday, April 9, 2013) 
  
 North Miami Political Candidate Claims Voodoo Tactics Being Used Against Her 
  
 Anna Pierre's introduction to North Miami politics has included intimidation and voodoo tactics. 
  
 On Easter Sunday somebody placed voodoo artifacts outside the door of her campaign office. 
  
 "I wish I knew," said Pierre, when asked if she had any idea who did it. 
  
 She said thinks one of her opponents may be behind the intimidation. 
  
 Pierre, who is not related to current Mayor Andre Pierre, is running for mayor. 
  
 She says the tactics against her have also included nasty phone calls and sign stealing. 
  
 The voodoo items placed outside her campaign office have included candles, food and dolls with pins stuck in them. 
  
 "At first it bothers me," she said. "Not that I am scared, but to see how dirty, how low can people go." 
  
 Voodoo is practiced by people in Haiti, and around the world, including the U.S. Voodoo has a spooky reputation, but it is a bona fide religion. 
  
 There is a huge Haitian population in North Miami. 
  
 Pierre said she's famous in her birth country of Haiti, recording a hit pop song before coming to America. 
  
 Her popularity there, she says, is helping her gain support here as she runs for mayor. 
  
 "The voodoo stuff, I don't know who's doing it, but I'm not afraid," she said. "It's just intimidation to ... slow me down. But you know what? I'm not going to slow down until the finish line." 
  
 More Local Stories: |||||