Information:  - The Moscow Conservatory ("Moscow State Conservatory P. I. Tchaikovsky") is a higher musical education institution in Moscow, and the second oldest conservatory in Russia after St. Petersburg Conservatory. Along with the St. Petersburg Conservatory, it is one of the leading music universities in the country and one of the most prestigious in the world.  - Anton Grigorevich Rubinstein was a Russian pianist, composer and conductor who became a pivotal figure in Russian culture when he founded the Saint Petersburg Conservatory. He was the elder brother of Nikolai Rubinstein who founded the Moscow Conservatory.  - Nelly Akopian - Tamarina is a Russian pianist . Born in Moscow , she studied with Anaida Sumbatyan at the Moscow Central Music School . Later at the Moscow Conservatoire she was one of the last students of the legendary Alexander Borisovich Goldenweiser -- associate and friend of Alexander Scriabin , Sergei Rachmaninov and Nikolai Medtner -- and the first student of Dmitri Bashkirov . Through her teachers she carries on this illustrious branch of the old Russian piano tradition , reaching back to Franz Liszt , Alexander Siloti , Felix Blumenfeld , and Anton Rubinstein . As a student Akopian - Tamarina won the Gold Medal at the 1963 Robert Schumann International Competition for Pianists and Singers in Zwickau , and in 1974 , succeeding Richter , Nikolayeva and Gilels , was awarded the Robert Schumann Prize . A former Soloist of the Moscow State Philharmonie , she appeared as a recitalist and with all the leading orchestras of the former U.S.S.R. and Eastern Bloc . Her recordings for Melodiya -- including Chopin 's Preludes op.28 , and the Schumann Piano Concerto with the Moscow Philharmonic Orchestra -- are now collectors ' items . During the 1970s , however , her career was blocked by official censorship , preventing her from giving public concerts for more than a decade . In the isolation of these years , she turned to painting for artistic self - expression , her watercolours being selected for exhibition in Moscow . Akopian - Tamarina made her London debut at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in March 1983 ( a programme of Schumann and Chopin ) followed by engagements around the United Kingdom , the United States , and Europe including Amsterdam 's Concertgebouw . Her first British recording , the Schumann Fantasy ( Brilliant Classics , Legendary Russian Pianists , 2009 ) , dates from this period . In the 1990s she gave a series of masterclasses in Prague at the Palfi Palace as Artistic Consultant to the Prague Conservatory . She also gave masterclasses at the Royal Academy of Music and Royal College of Music in...  - Alexander Ilyich Siloti (also Ziloti, , "Aleksandr Ilji Ziloti", ; 9 October 1863  8 December 1945) was a Russian pianist, conductor and composer. His daughter, Kyriena Siloti, was also a noted pianist and teacher in New York and Boston until her death in 1989, aged 94.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'nelly akopian-tamarina' exhibits the relationship of 'educated at'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - moscow conservatory  - new york  - saint petersburg conservatory