Read the text and answer the questions.

Teenagers in the UK and the US get to watch some wonderful TV shows. Why not have a look at a few of them yourself and take the chance to practice your English at the same time? 

Modern Family 

Network: ABC 

Number of seasons: 3 

The TV drama features two families, modern and traditional. The first is a typical American family with 3 adolescent children. Claire is a traditional mom, while Phil, the father, wants to be friends with his three children; he can name all the songs in the hit film High School Musical. 

The second family is made up of a 60- year-old man, Jay, his attractive young Latin American wife, Gloria , and her 11-year-old son, Alex. Jay is 30 years older than Gloria and everyone thinks they are father and daughter. 

2 Broke Girls 

Network: CBS 

Number of seasons: 1 

Max Black is a cafe waitress and babysitter in Brooklyn, New York; Caroline Channing is the daughter of a Manhattan millionaire. 

Neither of them ever imagined making friends with the other. But when Caroline loses all of her fortune after her father goes to prison, she applies for a job as a waitress in the same cafe and has to learn from Max. 

Problems are unavoidable, but luckily, kind-hearted girls can always make things work out. They turn out to be great at helping each other out in their endless struggle against strange customers and picky bosses. Gradually a friendship develops. 

True Blood 

Network: HBO 

Number of seasons: 4 

Vampires live on in countless books, movies and television shows. If the Twilight series got you interested in vampire myths, then look no further than True Blood for another exciting adventure. Sookie Statckhouse is a small-town waitress. She is also telepathic . A meet with Bill Compton in a bar turns her life upside down. Bill is a vampire and that night Sookie saves him from a murder attempt. Sookie then becomes involved in a series of murder cases. The love between Sookie and Bill adds a touch of romance to a thrilling story. 

Merlin 

Network: BBC 

Number of seasons:4 

King Arthur is one of the most important mythical figures in England. But the BBC tells a slightly different story from the legend. Instead of focusing on Arthur, it is Merlin, the wizard who helps Arthur all the way through his adventures, who takes the lead role. Rather than the wise old wizard who instructs Arthur in the legend, the TV dram turns him into a handsome young man. Merlin meets Arthur in the kingdom of Camelot and believes that he is an arrogant bully . Arthur, likewise, has a less than great opinion of Merlin. The series focuses on how a friendship grows between the two.

1. How many seasons are there of the show?
2. what network?
3. what genre?
4. how many families?
5. how are they different?
6. how many kids in the modern one?
7. who is the mom?
8. what kind of dad do they have?
9. what songs can he list?
10. how much older is Jay then his wife?
11. what is the other show?
12. is it on the same network?
13. which show has more seasons?
14. who are the girls in 2 broke girls?
15. do they have the same job?
16. what network is true blood on?
17. is it about normal people?
18. what is Merlin about?

Numbered answers: