Summarize this article in one sentence.
Most Japanese people dress fairly similarly to westerners so you won’t have to worry about buying specific clothes for your trip. However, Japanese culture places a slightly higher premium on professional attire in public places than exists in the west. Err towards packing and wearing your nicer clothing.  Adult men generally don’t wear shorts in Japan, even in hotter weather.  Expectations for women to dress modestly are slightly higher in Japan than in the west. Japanese women usually cover their shoulders and avoid form-fitting clothes. However, this expectation is less present in major cities like Tokyo.  Flip-flops are not commonly worn in public in Japan. It won’t be considered rude but you may get strange looks. Body language signals are more intentional and universally understood in Japan than in most western cultures. A subtle nod, smile or placement of your hands can drastically change the meaning of your words. While Japanese people used to dealing with westerners will understand if you haven’t totally mastered these signals, there are some body language signals that could be considered rude.  Try to keep your back straight at all times. Slouching while sitting or leaning against a wall while standing is considered rude and dismissive of your companions.  Don’t keep your hands in your pockets during a conversation. Point with your hand, not your finger. Pointing with a finger can be considered as an insult or even a threat. Japanese people are very conscientious about spreading germs. This is especially true in major cities like Tokyo because a lot of public places are very crowded and contagious illness can spread easily.  Don’t blow your nose in public places. Find a bathroom instead. Cough into the crook of your arm rather than your hand so you cover more of your mouth. If you have a cold, wearing a surgical mask so you don’t get others sick is considered polite. Japanese people generally like to leave a bit more space between them during conversations. Try to leave enough space so that if both conversants were to bow at the same time, there would be no risk of bumping heads. Touching is generally discouraged and can be perceived as overly familiar or aggressive. This includes common and benign western actions like patting someone’s shoulder. Bowing is the most common form of nonverbal communication. While bowing conventions are fairly elaborate, using two types of bows should suffice for a visitor.  A deep bow is often used when apologizing or meeting someone of a higher station. Keep your legs and back straight and bend at the waist. Bend far enough so that your face is pointing toward the floor and hold the position for at least 2 full seconds before returning to the upright position.  You should definitely perform a deep bow for an employer or anyone you deem to be particularly prestigious. Anyone that is substantially older than you is considered to be of higher station as well.  A smaller bow is considered, to some extent, the equivalent of a handshake. Keep your legs and back straight and bend at the waist and return to your starting position quickly. It is proper for meeting people of similar age or station.