Idea for the Q&A below: This is the relevant information: "I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing" is a power ballad performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith for the 1998 film Armageddon which Steven Tyler's daughter Liv Tyler starred in.
Q: "I Do n't Want to Miss a Thing" is a power ballad performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith for the 1998 film Armageddon which Steven Tyler's daughter Liv Tyler starred in. Written by Diane Warren, the song debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 (the first # 1 for the band after 28 years together). It is one of three songs performed by the band for the film, the other two being "What Kind of Love Are You On" and "Sweet Emotion". The song stayed at number one for four weeks from September 5 to 26, 1998. The song also stayed at number 1 for several weeks in several other countries. It sold over a million copies in the UK and reached number four on the UK Singles Chart.

Answer this question based on the passage: movie with i don't want to miss a thing?
A: the 1998 film Armageddon

Idea for the Q&A below: To answer the question, consider the following: Jack is voiced by Chris Sarandon.
Q: Jack Skellington is a character and the main protagonist of the 1993 film The Nightmare Before Christmas. Jack is the "Pumpkin King" of Halloween Town, a fantasy world based solely on the Halloween holiday. Jack is voiced by Chris Sarandon. Danny Elfman provided Jack's singing voice in the film, although Sarandon has sung as Jack in subsequent productions.

Based on this passage, who played jack skeleton in nightmare before christmas?
A: Chris Sarandon

Idea for the Q&A below: This is the relevant information: Today over 350 languages are used by the U.S. population.
Q: Many languages are spoken, or historically have been spoken, in the United States. Today over 350 languages are used by the U.S. population. The most commonly used language is English (specifically, American English), which is the de facto national language of the United States. Since the 1965 Immigration Act, Spanish is the second most common language in the country. The United States does not have an official language, but 32 state governments out of 50 have declared English to be one, or the only, official language. The government of Louisiana offers services and most documents in both English and French, as does New Mexico in English and Spanish. The government of Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, operates almost entirely in Spanish, even though its official languages are Spanish and English. There are many languages indigenous to North America or to U.S. states or holdings in the Pacific region. Hawaiian, although having few native speakers, is an official language along with English of the state of Hawaii. Alaska officializes English and twenty native languages.

Answer this question: number of languages spoken in the united states?
A: over 350

Idea for the Q&A below: This is the relevant information: Five cities have been chosen by the IOC to host upcoming Olympic Games: Pyeongchang for the 2018 Winter Olympics, Tokyo for the 2020 Summer Olympics, Beijing for the 2022 Winter Olympics, Paris for the 2024 Summer Olympics, and Los Angeles for the 2028 Summer Olympics.
