What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
While everyone relaxes differently, find something that works for you. You may try simply visualizing a calming scene, releasing tension in your muscles, practicing breathing, or meditation. Try to work on a relaxation technique that can be done anywhere at anytime. This way, when you encounter your phobia, you can overcome your fear. Be as detailed as possible and include all types of experiences, from the mildly anxious to terrifying. This will help you tackle your fear at a variety of levels. For example, if you are afraid of heights, you might encounter them in the following situations: hiking on a mountain, flying in an air plane, and going up a sky scraper in an elevator.  After compiling the list, you may notice similar variables between certain types of fear. For example, you may find that you have a terrifying reaction to flying and riding in an elevator. You may realize that both involve small spaces. If you have multiple phobias, such as snakes, spiders, and clowns, choose one to start with. It is easier to tackle one phobia at a time. Order your list of situations by how anxious or fearful they make you. Start your list with the situations that only make you mildly anxious or tense. Place the scariest situations towards the end of your list. For example, if you are afraid of dogs, your list might start off with simply looking at a picture of a dog, and progress to seeing a dog outside your window, across the street, and end with petting a large dog off its leash. Your list may not be very long or it can be incredibly lengthy. What matters is that you have a guide to deal with your phobia. You should start by visualizing the least upsetting item. Practice relaxing until you feel your muscles lose their tension. Once you've done this for a minute, take a break and repeat the exercise a few more times. Once you have mastered an item, move on to the next one until you've reached your most feared situation. Some items might take a lot longer to master than others. For example, you might get over looking at a picture of a spider a lot quicker than actually having to hold a spider in your hand. Don't be afraid to ask someone for help if you find yourself stuck, or unable to work through an item on your list. He or she may be able to help you work through your fear. Once you've worked through your situation list by visualizing and relaxing, find your phobia in real life. By now, you should be well trained in relaxing. Start with situations that produce little anxiety before encountering the scarier items on your list. Even once you've overcome your most dreaded fear, keep exposing yourself to it so that you don't let the fear return. This repeated exposure will allow you to manage your response. Perhaps one of the reasons you are so afraid of dogs is because you've had a bad experience with one as a child. Your mind held on to this, and turned it into a phobia. Once you conquered your fear of dogs and managed to pet a large dog without feeling anxious, go out and treat yourself. Have an ice cream cone or a fancy latte. Your mind may start to associate good things with the very thing you used to fear.

Summary: