Please briefly summarize this news article:

Fans congratulate Danniella Westbrook on ‘pregnancy’ after sharing THIS snap - but is she expecting?

The actress joked about having a baby bump as she lounged in the pool

DANNIELLA Westbrook admitted she was “looking very pregnant” in her recent holiday snap – after making no secret about wanting a baby with toyboy lover George Arnold.

In a snap which showed the bikini-clad ex EastEnders star lounging out on an inflatable flamingo, she wrote: “So chilled out. Looking very pregnant,” followed by cheeky monkey and love heart Emoji icons.

The actress showed off her tanned tummy in the sun-soaked snap as she relaxed in matching swimwear.

Yet her pool antics in Portugal came second to her comment as fans flocked to respond to her cheeky suggestion she could be expecting.

One was quick to celebrate and wrote: “Congratulations beautiful!!” while one simply put: “Congrats xx.”

Another added: “You don’t look pregnant but if you are congrats hun, deserve it all.”

Many others quizzed as to whether her words were just meant as tongue-in-cheek and uploaded the question: “Are you pregnant?”

One took her comments as pure banter and added: “I think she’s probably just tormenting everyone little moo.”

She later uploaded another shot showing her sliding into the water and sporting a headscarf to protect her blonde locks from the water.

Yet the star of the small screen, who looked blissfully happy as she topped up her tan on the inflatable, could just as well have been channelling the mood of fellow actress Jennifer Aniston.

The Friends star this week spoke out to set the record straight about “absurd” pregnancy rumours.

She has insisted she is not expecting a child with husband Justin Theroux and urged fans to stop speculating about her baby status every time she has a “burger for lunch”.

They came just hours before Danniella, already a mum-of-two, posted a super-cute snap of her date night with George.

The Celebrity Big Brother star showed off her toned legs in a thigh-skimming denim dress which she paired with strappy black sandals and a hat.

Danniella, 42, stood sandwiched next to George, 24, as they posed with a huge yacht in the background.

She captioned the sweet snap: “Dinner with the one I love,” and hashtags including #mylove #mygeorge.

Earlier this year, she revealed she was trying for a baby with George and would even fork out for costly IVF treatment if she struggled to conceive naturally.

She told Closer magazine: “I’d love to be a mum again. I feel like this could be my happy ending.

“George and I have just bought a house together and I’m excited to get married to him this year.

“We’re also going to start trying for a baby, and if it doesn’t work within two months, I’ll have IVF.”

She added: “The past two years have been awful but I’ve softened now and let my guard down because I’ve met George. Since I met him I’ve had a smile on my face every day and we would love to get married, so once my divorce has gone through, we’ll do that.”

Meanwhile a spokesperson for Danniella denied she was pregnant.

They told The Sun Online: "She's 100% not pregnant. She was just making fun of an unflattering photo."

Summary: