Q:Information:  - Editing is the process of selecting and preparing written, visual, audible, and film media used to convey information. The editing process can involve correction, condensation, organization, and many other modifications performed with an intention of producing a correct, consistent, accurate and complete work.  - A markup language is a system for annotating a document in a way that is syntactically distinguishable from the text. The idea and terminology evolved from the "marking up" of paper manuscripts, i.e., the revision instructions by editors, traditionally written with a blue pencil on authors' manuscripts.  - A document type definition (DTD) is a set of "markup declarations" that define a "document type" for an SGML-family markup language (SGML, XML, HTML).  - In computing, plain text is the data (e.g. file contents) that represent only characters of readable material but not its graphical representation nor other objects (images, etc.). It may also include a limited number of characters that control simple arrangement of text, such as line breaks or tabulation characters. Plain text is different from formatted text, where style information is included, and from "binary files" in which some portions must be interpreted as binary objects (encoded integers, real numbers, images, etc.).  - Computing is any goal-oriented activity requiring, benefiting from, or creating a mathematical sequence of steps known as an algorithm  e.g. through computers. Computing includes designing, developing and building hardware and software systems; processing, structuring, and managing various kinds of information; doing scientific research on and with computers; making computer systems behave intelligently; and creating and using communications and entertainment media. The field of computing includes computer engineering, software engineering, computer science, information systems, and information technology.  - An XML editor is a markup language editor with added functionality to facilitate the editing of XML. This can be done using a plain text editor, with all the code visible, but XML editors have added facilities like tag completion and menus and buttons for tasks that are common in XML editing, based on data supplied with document type definition (DTD) or the XML tree.  - An open standard is a standard that is publicly available and has various rights to use associated with it, and may also have various properties of how it was designed (e.g. open process). There is no single definition and interpretations vary with usage.  - In computing, Extensible Markup Language (XML) is a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable. The W3C's XML 1.0 Specification and several other related specificationsall of them free open standardsdefine XML.  - Xerlin is an open source XML editor for the Java 2 platform released under an Apache style license . The project is a Java based XML modeling application written to make creating and editing XML files easier . The latest version of Xerlin is 1.3 , which was released in May 2005 .    What entity does 'xerlin' has the relation 'instance of' with?
A: