A hunter has been mauled by an enormous black bear after shooting it with a bow and arrow in Minnesota. The man, who has not been named, was hunting in dense woodland near Duxbury with a group of friends on Friday night when he fired at the 525lb animal. Fearing the bear's meat would spoil in the evening heat, the group then waited four hours before using its blood trail to track it several miles in the darkness. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Scroll down for video. Attack: A hunter has been mauled by an enormous black bear after shooting it with a bow and arrow in Minnesota. Above, the man's friends are pictured with the bear, which they dragged out of the woods. Killed: The man, was hunting in dense woodland near Duxbury with a group of friends on Friday night when he fired at the 525lb animal. Above, the bear is seen in chains after it was stabbed to death during the attack. But after they found the bear lying injured on the ground in the early hours of Saturday morning, it suddenly charged and pounced on the victim. The man started screaming as the bear clawed and bit him, before fatally stabbing the animal around 20 times with a hunting knife, according to Kare11.com. Fellow hunter Craig Lindstrom, from Wyoming, said: 'I heard him screaming - felt like 10 minutes, but was probably two minutes - literally screaming, and you knew he was being mauled. 'He made that thing die because he stabbed it about 20 times while it was chewing on his arm. He kept stabbing it  and it was pounding on him, a quarter of a ton - a 525 pound bear pounding on him.' Location: Using first aid skills he had learned as a Chicago City firefighter, hunter Craig Lindstrom led his friend half a mile out of the woods near Duxbury (pictured), where he was able to call Pine County Sheriff's Office. Using first aid skills he had learned as a Chicago City firefighter, Mr Lindstrom then led his friend half a mile out of the woods, where he was able to call the Pine County Sheriff's Office. 'I thought he was dead 10 to 15 times. He would fall down and he told us about telling his parents, his fiancée, his kids — tell them I love them, said Mr Lindstrom. The man, who suffered two broken arms and wounds to his face, jaw, stomach and legs, was then flown to North Memorial Medical Center in Robbinsdale. He is said to be in a stable condition. Hospital: The hunter was flown to North Memorial Medical Center (pictured) in Robbinsdale after the attack. Hunted: Black bears are typically around four to seven feet from nose to tail. Males tend to weigh between 130 to 350lbs, but some can be as large as 600lbs (file picture) Meanwhile, the bear, which died around 50 yards from where it was stabbed, was later dragged out of the woodland by the remaining 10 hunters. Despite the incident, Mr Lindstrom said he, the victim and their group of hunters are licensed to hunt bears and will not hesitate to do so again in the future. He added that he hopes his friend will recover in time for deer hunting season from September to December. Black bears are typically around four to seven feet from nose to tail. Males tend to weigh between 130 to 350lbs, but some can be as large as 600lbs.
What are the important parts of this article?