Write highlights for this article:

One of Britain’s best teenage  sailors has been found dead a day after celebrating her birthday. The body of Jessica Eales was  discovered in woodland near her  home in the New Forest, just weeks after she represented Great Britain in a youth world championships. The straight-A student, who lived near Lymington in Hampshire, had  spent her 17th birthday with friends from her sailing club. Talented: Jess Eales, 17, from Lymington, Hampshire, was found dead in woodland weeks after representing Great Britain in the World Youth Sailing Championships. She had posted messages on Facebook the day before, saying how she was looking forward to seeing them. The group hired a rigid inflatable boat, which they took out on the Solent. Jessica. also uploaded a smiling photograph of herself the day she died, which. has now been ‘liked’ by 157 people on the social media site. The teenager’s cousin, Misty Eales, 24, who lives nearby, said: ‘It looks like she had a lovely day out. ‘She. posted photos online and was laughing in every one – she looked really. happy. Jess was just a lovely person and she did so well, representing. Britain in the sailing in Portugal. Accolades: The teenager was hugely successful on the British sailing circuit, winning gold at the Youth National Championships in Weymouth earlier this year. ‘She was good at art, at school … just really clever.’ Her body was discovered in Sway, near the family home, at around 9.30am last Thursday. Friends and family yesterday refused to discuss the circumstances surrounding her death. Quick progress: She was a student at Brockenhurst College in the New Forest and only learned to sail in 2009. But. a Hampshire Police spokesman confirmed it was not being treated as. suspicious and they are not looking to speak to anyone else in relation. to it. Jessica, a. student at Brockenhurst College in the New Forest, learned to sail in. 2009 before becoming a member of Hayling Island Sailing Club. In. April she won a gold medal at the Royal Yachting Association Youth. National Championships in Weymouth and Portland, Dorset, and last month. competed at the Isaf Youth Sailing World Championships in Tavira,. Portugal, finishing 11th. An RYA spokesman said: ‘She was a young sailor who showed promising talent which can now unfortunately never be fulfilled. ‘Our thoughts are with the  family and friends at this sad and difficult time.’ The. teenager’s parents, Nicholas and Annette Eales, both also keen sailors,. run a marine breakdown assistance company called Sea Start. She has a. brother, James, 14. Jessica’s. aunt Donna Chase, 48, said: ‘She was very clever and very talented. 'She. had a lovely personality and was a beautiful girl. Her parents were. very proud of her, and her mother Annette loved to talk about how well. she was doing.’ A number of her friends and teammates also paid tribute to the teenager on social media. Anna. Prescott wrote: ‘The four years I spent sailing with you were. definitely the best four years of my life. We made so many great. memories together and I would not have wanted to with anyone else.’ Scene: Her body was found near a car park in Sway, the New Forest, Hampshire.

Highlights: