In the last couple of years the selfie has seen a meteoric rise to fame and was even given the Royal Seal of approval during the Commonwealth Games when some opportunistic youngsters managed to take one with her Majesty in the background. But now there is a new way to document your day – the dronie, where all of your photos are taken by a drone. French drone manufacturer Parrot say the increasingly popular method of using a remote controlled miniature aircraft is down to 'narcissism' - as people are buying them ready fitted with cameras in order to film themselves. Forget selfies - people are now using drones to take photos and videos, like this couple in Portugal. Up to 30,000 of the remote-controlled devices are predicted to have been sold by the end of this year. Drones are also increasingly being used at weddings, giving the bride and groom high-quality footage of their big day from an aerial perspective. Henri Seydoux, Parrot’s chief executive, told the Financial Times that the drones of the future will be able to pilot themselves, automatically following their subject around. He told the paper: ‘It would be like having a full TV crew with you when you went snowboarding or mountain climbing.’ He said that sales of drones jumped by 130 per cent in the third quarter of the year, taking the company by surprise. A woman gets her photo taken by a remote controlled flying dronie in a snow covered New Zealand. A group of brave adventurers had this picture taken by a dronie in Costa Rica as they crossed a rope bridge. Mr Seydoux added: ‘It turned out that in reality people bought the drones because of narcissism. ‘People want to put pictures on YouTube of them looking strong and talented, and that is why people want the cameras.’ However, last month it was revealed a passenger plane had a near miss with a drone as it landed at Heathrow, in the first such incident recorded at Britain’s biggest airport. The incident involved an Airbus A320, which can carry up to 180 passengers, and was rated by investigators as among the most serious near-collisions. The aircraft was at just 700ft at 2.16pm on July 22 when the pilot saw the drone, which had not shown up on air traffic control radar. He reported the sighting and an inquiry was launched by the UK Airprox Board, which investigates all reported near-misses. Investigators, however, were unable to identify it. It comes amid concern over the threat to aircraft from domestic drones flown by amateurs - especially as they are expected to be a must have Christmas present this year. Drones cost from as little as £35 - and sales have jumped thanks to extra demand. It is estimated that more than 30,000 drones will have been bought by British consumers by the end of the year — a high proportion of them as Christmas presents. The electronics chain Maplin says that sales within its stores are up 300 per cent on 2013. Last month, a conference on unmanned aerial systems in London heard that police were worried about injuries and other problems on Boxing Day when amateur ‘pilots’ try out their new drones. This group of friends and their dogs shot a video on a dronie of their walk up Bernal Hill in San Francisco.

Write highlights for this article.