Information:  - McFarlin Memorial Auditorium is a proscenium style theatre located on the campus of Southern Methodist University . The venue seats 2,386 on three levels . The building is the third oldest on SMU 's campus and has hosted a number of notable acts .  - The Methodist Episcopal Church, South, or Methodist Episcopal Church South (MEC,S), was the Methodist denomination resulting from the 19th-century split over the issue of slavery in the Methodist Episcopal Church (MEC). Disagreement on this issue had been increasing in strength for decades between churches of the North and South; in 1844 it resulted in a schism at the General Conference of the MEC held in Louisville, Kentucky.  - New Mexico is a state located in the southwestern region of the United States of America. It was admitted to the union as the 47th state on January 6, 1912. It is usually considered one of the Mountain States. New Mexico is fifth by area, the 36th-most populous, and the sixth-least densely populated of the 50 United States.  - Southern Methodist University (SMU) is a private research university in Dallas, University Park, and Highland Park, Texas. Founded in 1911 by the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, SMU operates satellite campuses in Plano, Texas, and Taos, New Mexico. SMU is owned by the South Central Jurisdiction of the United Methodist Church. Of the university's 11,643 students, 6,411 are undergraduates.  - The United Methodist Church (UMC) is a mainline Protestant denomination, and a major part of Methodism. In the 19th century, its main predecessorthe Methodist Churchwas a leader in Evangelicalism. It was founded in 1968 in Dallas, Texas, United States, by union of the Methodist Church and the Evangelical United Brethren Church. The UMC traces its roots back to the revival movement of John and Charles Wesley in England as well as the Great Awakening in the United States. As such, the church's theological orientation is decidedly Wesleyan. It embraces both liturgical and evangelical elements. It has a connexional polity, a typical feature of a number of Methodist denominations.  - Dallas is a major city in the state of Texas and is the largest urban center of the fourth most populous metropolitan area in the United States. The city proper ranks ninth in the U.S. and third in Texas after Houston and San Antonio. The city's prominence arose from its historical importance as a center for the oil and cotton industries, and its position along numerous railroad lines. The bulk of the city is in Dallas County, of which it is the county seat; however, sections of the city are located in Collin, Denton, Kaufman, and Rockwall counties. According to the 2010 United States Census, the city had a population of 1,197,816. The United States Census Bureau's estimate for the city's population increased to 1,300,092 as of July 1, 2015.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'mcfarlin memorial auditorium'.  Choices: - center  - dallas  - dallas county  - highland  - houston  - mexico  - mountain  - new mexico  - of  - plano  - south  - split  - texas  - university