By. Ruth Styles. PUBLISHED:. 04:08 EST, 12 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 07:28 EST, 12 November 2013. Meeting someone new isn't always the easiest of tasks, so spare a thought for China's young women who face intense parental pressure to find the right man. As a result, women terrified of returning home without a handsome other half resort to hiring 'boyfriends' for the duration of their visit. Now a shopping website, Taobao, has launched a new rent-a-boyfriend service which allows would-be fake other halves to advertise their services - complete with price lists. False romance: Women under pressure are resorting to fake boyfriends in a bid to impress their families. According to Chinese newspaper, the People's Daily, rent-a-boyfriends must be hired for a minimum of three days and offer a range of services including dinner (50 yuan, approximately £5) and shopping trips (30 yuan, approximately £3), on top of their 30 yuan hourly fee. Other services include seeing a film, although you will have to pay double if the movie is a thriller, and a 50 yuan peck on the lips, although hand-holding and a goodbye kiss on the cheek or forehead are free. 'I wanted to earn some pocket money when I had just graduated from university and started to work,' explains one advertiser, 27-year-old Matthew Fang from Chongqing. 'This rental business isn’t bad, especially during the Chinese Lunar New Year when there are family reunions.' End game: The women are searching for someone to marry but make do with a stand in while the hunt goes on. And business is booming for a reason. Chinese women in particular still face enormous parental pressure to meet a suitable man and rather than face a barrage of questions from nosy relatives, hire their men instead. According to Fang, the recruitment process begins with a preliminary meeting to discuss the client's requirements and to get their back story straight. Typically, the pair will exchange photos and will have a rehearsal before going ahead with the rental. Despite the detailed list of services and attempts - on both sides - to keep relations professional, some of the rent-a-boyfriends admit that it can, at times, be difficult. 'It all depends on how you look at it,' says another fake boyfriend, 26-year-old Xu Li from Yancheng City. 'If you look at it as a business, then it’s much easier.' The New York Observer has pinpointed a new phenomenon which sees wealthy Americans reject real friends in favour of a paid entourage. A fashion designer, who was anonymously quoted in The Observer’s piece much like rest of the article’s sources, told the paper: ‘There is a market, a currency for paid friends in New York. Some people need the money, and some people need the friends.’ But while being a paid friend might sound like an easy way to make a living, it's not always champagne bars and lavish dinners. ‘You’re always on someone else’s schedule — sort of like being a pet monkey,’ said one paid friend who lives between New York and LA. 'Being a paid friend is complicated,' he continued. 'When you’re in the presidential suite, it’s amazing, sometimes it can be emasculating, but I put my ego away a long time ago.’
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: