A pub has created the world's meatiest burger made with 15 kinds of  bacon and containing a whopping 2,500 calories - to raise money for charity. The 15 Shades of Bacon burger is made from chicken-fried bacon, unsmoked and smoked back and streaky bacon, and a generous slice of mortadella (Italian sausage). The gut-busting meal, costing £15, is topped with bacon cream cheese and bacon crisps and also has turkey bacon, prosciutto, pancetta and a sausage patty. Matt Spencer, owner of Custom House in Barnstaple, Devon,  with the 15 Shades of Bacon burger. The gut-busting meal includes chicken-fried bacon, unsmoked and smoked back and streaky bacon, and a generous slice of Mortadella. It is topped with bacon cream cheese and bacon crisp. Proceeds from the limited edition burger, which will be available throughout February at Custom House, Barnstaple, Devon, will go to the North Devon Hospice. 1. Unsmoked back bacon. 2. Unsmoked streaky bacon. 3. Smoked back bacon. 4. Smoked streaky bacon. 5. Turkey bacon. 6. Bacon-infused cream cheese. 7. Prosciutto. 8. Mortadella. 9. Baconaise. 10. Pancetta. 11. Bacon burger. 12. Sausage patty. 13. Bacon crisps. 14. Chicken fried bacon. 15. Bacon dusted chips. 'The charity is close to my heart. My mum was there last year and they did a great job of looking after her,' pub-owner Matt Spencer said. 'We try and do as much for them as we can. Their fundraising guys who help us are absolutely brilliant. 'We did try and raise money for the British Heart Foundation as we're giving people so many calories but they wanted none of it. They didn't seem to find it funny!' He will donate £5 from every burger sold to North Devon Hospice. Bacon-dusted chips are also served alongside the three-pound monstrous meal. Mr Spencer even imported Baconnaise (bacon mayonnaise) from America to top the burger. 'I am a bacon fiend,' he said. 'I made roses out of bacon for Valentine's Day last year and handed them to customers. They went down really well. 'Anything to do with bacon, I adore.' The self-confessed 'bacon fiend' will donate £5 from each £15 burger sold to North Devon Hospice. The bacon-crazy 32-year-old said the meal is 'something for the blokes' following the hype around the Fifty Shades Of Grey series. 'My head chef came up with the initial idea and it was to coincide with the hype around Fifty Shades Of Grey,' he said. 'It's a bit quirky, a bit different. We're giving something back for the blokes, but women are more than welcome to try it.' Mr Spencer was particularly keen to stick to pork products due to his own love for it. Other ingredients include unsmoked back bacon, unsmoked streaky bacon, smoked back and smoked streaky bacon, turkey bacon, prosciutto, pancetta and a sausage patty. The burger bar has already raised £350 for the hospice in November 2013 with the same tasty treat. 'We have had people asking when it is coming back since the first time,' he said. 'It's great that people get so involved.' It's not the first calorific challenge Mr Spencer has set his customers. The restaurant also offers a 8,500-calorie totem burger - made of four huge burgers, a toasted cheese sandwich and chili-cheese fries.
What are the important parts of this article?