Question: Passage: After physiological and safety needs are fulfilled, the third level of human needs are seen to be interpersonal and involves feelings of belongingness. This need is especially strong in childhood and it can override the need for safety as witnessed in children who cling to abusive parents. Deficiencies within this level of Maslow's hierarchy -- due to hospitalism, neglect, shunning, ostracism, etc. -- can adversely affect the individual's ability to form and maintain emotionally significant relationships in general.

Question: Based on this passage, the basic need associated with the third level of maslow's hierarchy of needs is?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: After physiological and safety needs are fulfilled, the third level of human needs are seen to be interpersonal and involves feelings of belongingness. The answer is seen to be interpersonal and involves feelings of belongingness.

Question: Context: This list contains the top 25 accounts with the most followers on the social photo-sharing platform Instagram. As of May 2018, the most followed user is Instagram's own account, with over 235 million followers. Selena Gomez is the most followed individual, with over 137 million followers. Ten accounts have exceeded 100 million followers on the site.

Question: who is the most followed user in instagram?
Answer: To answer the question, consider the following: As of May 2018, the most followed user is Instagram's own account, with over 235 million followers. The answer is Instagram 's own account.

Question: Karen Lucille Hale (born June 14, 1989) is an American actress and singer. Earlier in her career, she was sometimes credited as Lucy Kate Hale. Hale first came to prominence as one of the five winners of the reality show American Juniors, a children's spin off of American Idol. She is best known for her role as Aria Montgomery on the Freeform series Pretty Little Liars, which won her a People's Choice Award for Favorite Cable TV Actress in 2014. The same year, she released her debut studio album, Road Between.

Answer this question: who plays as aria in pretty little liars?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: She is best known for her role as Aria Montgomery on the Freeform series Pretty Little Liars, which won her a People's Choice Award for Favorite Cable TV Actress in 2014. The answer is Karen Lucille Hale.

Question: "Somebody That I Used To Know" has been performed several times on major US TV shows such as The Voice, American Idol, and Saturday Night Live. It was covered by Canadian indie rock group Walk off the Earth using a single guitar played simultaneously by all five band members and by actors Darren Criss and Matt Bomer in the Glee episode "Big Brother". The hit song's accompanying music video was directed by Australian artist Natasha Pincus. The video, which has received over 1.1 billion views on YouTube as of August 2018, premiered on 5 July 2011. It shows Gotye and Kimbra naked against a white backdrop. While they sing, a pattern of paint gradually covers their skin and the backdrop via stop motion animation.

Based on this passage, who the girl in somebody that i used to know?
Answer: