In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Today's generation is chock full of people that feel unaccomplished. You could get all existential about your life, but that won't get you anywhere. Instead, put your mind to something and do it. The action of getting something done will show you that you can overcome challenges, and make you feel capable, useful, and worthwhile. It can be anything. Run a 10k. Overcome your shyness. Become a wine connoisseur. Whatever you can see yourself enjoying for a long time will be worth your while. But remember: the harder it is, the bigger the payoff. Losing 5 pounds is great, but losing 10 might make you feel twice as good. This is similar to the previous step. But mastering something, becoming a true expert, will give you a sense of identity, knowledge, and a great feeling of internal satisfaction. Whatever you're good at now, throw yourself into 150%. The payoff will be unimaginable. When you become an expert, you know you're truly good at something. There is no room for doubt, no room for negativity. This can become a haven of positivity, reassurance, and relaxation. And, inevitably, it'll be a part of your everyday life. So if you've been hiding the fact that you play the bagpipes for 8 years now, let 'er out. This is also similar to the last two steps -- in fact, they can all be intertwined. Your resolution could be to become a painter. But back to the point -- creating something is so validating, especially in today's world. We walk through turning on lights with  the flick of a switch, talking to people through screens, and sitting down as we scoot down the highway. Everything is done for us. Create something yourself and you become one of the few who are resourceful, knowledgeable, and tuned in. Once more, it doesn't matter what it is. Sure, a new irrigation system for the Congo would be super great for the world at large, but making a duct tape bag gets you thinking creatively, too. What can you do with your set of talents and skills? This doesn't work for everyone, but it could work for you. Ever gone on a run and felt a thousand times better after (or three times better)? That's it. That's the feeling. Putting your body to work might get your brain on the right track. It's too easy to get cooped up at the office and consider the 20-foot walk into Starbucks to be your daily gallivant with nature. Go for a walk. Get outside. Feel the sun. You'll wake up, you'll feel more energized, and you'll feel more mentally energized. Old habits may be impossible to erase from your brain, but they aren’t impossible to break. Instead of trying to eradicate old habits, develop healthier, stronger alternatives that bypass the old ones. Developing new habits takes time, but once they are established, they’re with you for life.  Do some exercise! Go swimming and try a dive that you have never done before. Go to a dance class and try a style of dance that you don't know. Or try a whole new sport! Volunteer. Working with children, puppies, and the poor are great ways to feel good about yourself. And the feeling is almost instantaneous. Want to feel happy? Go to the hospital with a puppy and ask for the cancer ward. Done.

Summary: