In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

If you don't have a grill or don't want to deal with the hassle of using one, fear not — brisket can also be cooked in the oven as long as you use the same long, slow style of cooking. One important change that you'll want to make, however, is to use a cut of brisket that has had most or all of the fat cut from it. Brisket is often sold with a fairly thick natural fat cap. On the grill, this fat isn't as big of a problem because it can run off of the meat as it cooks. When you're cooking brisket in a pan in the oven, however, this fat will collect in the pan, leaving you with an oily mess as your final dish. If you're not confident in your fat-trimming ability, try asking your butcher to trim the fat from your meat for you before packing it up for you. In this recipe, we'll use a liquid marinade (rather than a dry rub) to flavor our meat. A marinade is simply a liquid mixture of ingredients that the meat is soaked in before cooking to give it extra flavor. You can mix ingredients in the recipe listed above if you'd like or make your own. If you do make your own, as a general rule, you'll usually want to use liquid bases that include a fat or oil and an acid. For instance, while we've used olive oil and apple cider vinegar above, you could also use lemon juice, red wine vinegar, and so on as your acid to modify the flavor of your marinade. For most brisket, you'll want to let your meat marinate for about a day. Thick, tough, heavy pieces of meat like brisket need time to fully absorb the flavor of the marinade. After your brisket has marinated, put it in an oven-safe pan and pop it in the oven. Cover the pan with foil so the meat retains its moisture. As with grilling, you'll want to use slow, low heat here. Many oven-grilling recipes use a heat of around 275o F — lower or higher is also possible, but will lead to longer or shorter cooking times, respectively. Be patient as you cook your brisket. For moderate-to-large pieces of meat, expect at least a six-to-eight hour cooking time. As your brisket cooks, check on it occasionally to monitor its progress and ensure that it's cooking at a good pace. After about three or four hours, check on your brisket. It should be browning nicely and should have produced a sort of natural liquid "gravy" in the pan. Carefully pull the pan out of the oven and turn the brisket over, then put it back in the oven. Though it's not necessarily necessary to do this to have the meat cook thoroughly, this will help ensure that the entire exterior of the piece of meat gets a satisfying "bark" or crust. Depending on your cooking temperature and the size of your meat, after about six to eight hours (or longer), your brisket should have a dark brown-to-black exterior and should be quite tender all the way through.Carefully remove the brisket from the oven, remove from its pan, and set it on a cutting board for about 10 to 15 minutes. After this, simply use a knife or a set of forks to slice or pull the meat apart and serve! Try using a spoon or ladle to pour some of the liquid from the cooking pan on the meat as a sauce or gravy. This makes an especially great addition to sandwiches.

Summary: