Stuart Pearce, MBE (born 24 April 1962) is an English football manager and player. He is an assistant manager to David Moyes at West Ham United. Pearce was the manager of the England national under-21 team from 2007 to 2013 and also managed the Great Britain Olympic football team at the 2012 Olympics. As a player, Pearce played as a defender and appeared for Wealdstone, Coventry City, Newcastle United, West Ham United and Manchester City, but is best known for his spell at Nottingham Forest, where he regularly captained the team and became the club's most capped International, making 76 of his 78 appearances for England while with the club and captaining the national side on nine occasions.

Pearce joined Newcastle United along with fellow veterans John Barnes and Ian Rush in the 1997-98 season under Kenny Dalglish, and played in the 1998 FA Cup final, though again he emerged on the defeated side. He scored once during his spell at Newcastle, in a UEFA Champions League tie against Dynamo Kyiv. Eventually Pearce was isolated, along with other players including Rob Lee and John Barnes, upon Dalglish's sacking after Ruud Gullit took over. A number of players were treated coldly by Gullit, and Pearce along with Barnes and Lee were made to train with the reserves despite cumulatively having over 150 England caps between them. Both Pearce and Barnes assert in their autobiographies Gullit felt threatened by the senior players in the squad, and they felt they were being sidelined to prevent them challenging him for the manager's position should it arise. Pearce claims also that he once kicked Gullit up in the air during a training session, and a number of other players sniggered at this due to Gullit's poor relationship with them.  Pearce went on to play for West Ham United, a year after falling out of favour with Newcastle manager Ruud Gullit. He made his debut on 7 August 1999 in a 1-0 home win against Tottenham Hotspur. His first goal came on 21 October 2000 in a 2-1 home defeat to Arsenal. He made 50 appearances in all competitions, scoring three goals and in 2001 he was named Hammer of the Year.  In the summer of 2001, he was Kevin Keegan's first signing for Manchester City for what would be the final season in his career. He captained the club to the First Division championship and scored direct from a free-kick on his debut, against Watford. In the final game of his career, against Portsmouth, he had the aim to reach 100 career goals. He took a penalty kick for City four minutes into injury time, but missed it along with the chance to reach his target.  Throughout his career, Pearce was given the nickname of "Psycho" for his unforgiving style of play. This was initially a tag afforded to him only by Forest fans, though later it was adopted by England supporters as well. Former England teammate Matthew Le Tissier has since described him as his scariest opponent in his book, Taking Le Tiss.  Former Nottingham Forest teammate Roy Keane said Pearce was a "man amongst boys" at Forest. In recognition of his talents and his support for various charities, he was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in January 1999.

When was the later career of Stuart?