Question: Genuine MAPP gas can be used in combination with oxygen for heating, soldering, brazing and even welding due to its high flame temperature of 2925 ° C (5300 ° F) in oxygen. Although acetylene has a higher flame temperature (3160 ° C, 5720 ° F), MAPP has the advantage that it requires neither dilution nor special container fillers during transport, allowing a greater volume of fuel gas to be transported at the same given weight, and it is much safer in use.

Based on this passage, how hot does a mapp gas torch burn?
Answer: The relevant information to answer the above question is: Genuine MAPP gas can be used in combination with oxygen for heating, soldering, brazing and even welding due to its high flame temperature of 2925 ° C (5300 ° F) in oxygen. The answer is 2925 ° C ( 5300 ° F ).

Question: A tablespoon is a large spoon used for serving or eating. In many English-speaking regions, the term now refers to a large spoon used for serving, however, in some regions, including parts of Canada, it is the largest type of spoon used for eating. By extension, the term is used as a measure of volume in cooking. In this capacity, it is most commonly abbreviated tbsp or T, and occasionally referred to as a tablespoonful to distinguish it from the utensil. The unit of measurement varies by region: a United States tablespoon is approximately 14.8 ml (0.50 US fl oz), a United Kingdom and Canadian tablespoon is exactly 15 ml (0.51 US fl oz), and an Australian tablespoon is 20 ml (0.68 US fl oz). The capacity of the utensil (as opposed to the measurement) is not defined by law or custom and bears no particular relation to the measurement.

How much is a table spoon in ounces?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: The unit of measurement varies by region: a United States tablespoon is approximately 14.8 ml (0.50 US fl oz), a United Kingdom and Canadian tablespoon is exactly 15 ml (0.51 US fl oz), and an Australian tablespoon is 20 ml (0.68 US fl oz). The answer is a United States tablespoon is approximately 14.8 ml ( 0.50 US fl oz ) , a United Kingdom and Canadian tablespoon is exactly 15 ml ( 0.51 US fl oz ) , and an Australian tablespoon is 20 ml ( 0.68 US fl oz ).

Question: Mission San Juan Bautista is a Spanish mission in San Juan Bautista, San Benito County, California. Founded on June 24, 1797 by Fermín Lasuén of the Franciscan order, the mission was the fifteenth of the Spanish missions established in present-day California. Named for Saint John the Baptist, the mission is the namesake of the city of San Juan Bautista.

Who was mission san juan capistrano named after?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: Named for Saint John the Baptist, the mission is the namesake of the city of San Juan Bautista. The answer is Saint John the Baptist.

Question: Passage: The hierarchy of the Catholic Church consists of its bishops, priests, and deacons. In the ecclesiological sense of the term, "hierarchy" strictly means the "holy ordering" of the Church, the Body of Christ, so to respect the diversity of gifts and ministries necessary for genuine unity. (1 Cor 12)

Question: Based on this passage, what is the hierarchy in the roman catholic church?
Answer: