Blackburn's family and friends were left reeling as they struggled to comprehend how the young woman they loved could have suffered such a brutal fate at the hands of someone she knew. The close-knit community of Mackay was also shaken by the tragic events that unfolded as the gripping court case played out over several weeks.

During the trial, it was revealed that Peros and Blackburn had been involved in a tumultuous relationship in the past, though they had broken up several months before her murder. In the time leading up to her death, friends and family testified that Blackburn had expressed concerns for her safety and mentioned that Peros had been behaving erratically and had sent her threatening messages.

The prosecution presented a strong case against Peros, including witness testimony, surveillance footage placing him at the scene, and damning forensic evidence that linked him to the gruesome crime. The defense, on the other hand, tried to argue that there was not enough evidence to pin the murder on Peros beyond a reasonable doubt and suggested that Blackburn may have had other enemies who could have been responsible for her death.

However, as more evidence came to light and witnesses recounted the chilling events of that fateful night, it became increasingly clear to the jury that Peros was responsible for Blackburn's untimely death. After several days of deliberation, the jury returned a guilty verdict on both charges of murder and robbery with wounding.

Shandee Blackburn's family sat in the courtroom with tears in their eyes as the verdict was read, and the gravity of the situation weighed heavy on their hearts. Her mother, Vicki Blackburn, bravely addressed the court during the sentencing hearing to give a victim impact statement. She spoke of the immense pain and loss her family had endured since losing Shandee and asked for the maximum sentence to be handed down to her daughter's killer.

The judge, visibly moved by Mrs. Blackburn's words, sentenced John Peros to life in prison for the murder of Shandee Blackburn, with a non-parole period of 25 years for the additional robbery with wounding charge. As the sentence was handed down, there was a collective sigh of relief in the courtroom, but it did little to ease the heartache of the Blackburn family.

In the years that followed, the Blackburns became vocal advocates for victims of domestic violence and campaigned for better support systems and resources for those affected by such terrible crimes. Though they would never fully recover from the pain of losing Shandee, the family took comfort in knowing that her death would not be in vain and that her story would serve as a crucial reminder of the devastating consequences of abusive relationships.

As for John Peros, he remained behind bars, haunted daily by the life he had taken and the many lives he had shattered. As he sat in his cell each day, he would be forced to grapple with the fact that he had been found guilty of a heinous crime and would spend the rest of his life behind bars. Shandee Blackburn's story, like many others that ended too soon, would forever live on as a tale of tragedy and injustice that the people of Mackay and beyond would never forget.