With an Air-Kiss, Donald Trump Shows His Softer Side

CLEVELAND — On most occasions when Donald J. Trump takes the stage, he exudes an air of unrivaled authority, dispatching protesters with the wave of a hand, clenching his fists for effect and, if necessary, squashing bugs that intrude on his air space.

But during the third evening of the Republican National Convention on Wednesday night, Mr. Trump briefly cast away his tough image and gave a glimpse of his softer side.

After Gov. Mike Pence, his running mate, spent nearly 30 minutes singing Mr. Trump’s praises, the Republican nominee appeared on the stage and extended his right arm for an embrace. The handshake morphed into a half-hug and then became something rarely seen among men in the political arena: an awkward air-kiss, initiated by Mr. Trump. Mr. Pence, a conservative from Indiana, initially seemed to pull away before giving a hearty laugh and a squeeze on the forearm.

kiss, awkward, trump, donald trump, mike pence, awkward kiss, germaphobe #gif #meme #trendingmeme pic.twitter.com/xBtGMCbTpz

Images of the exchange swirled around the internet, offering some levity in an evening that was otherwise consumed by the widening fissures of discord within the Republican Party. For body language experts, the moment was a sign of progress in the staid world of political backslapping.

“It shows a completely different side to Trump,” said Lillian Glass, an authority on the psychology of human behavior and author of “The Body Language Advantage.” “It was a more loving, more affectionate, more caring side.”

She added, “It shows he’s not afraid to express his emotions publicly, and he wasn’t afraid to kiss another man.”

There have been suggestions that Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence lack chemistry since they teamed up just over a week ago. However, the air-kiss appeared to be a sign that the Republican nominee was happy with his choice and appreciated how Mr. Pence vigorously defended his candidacy, particularly after Senator Ted Cruz’s lack of endorsement.

“At a nonconscious level, Trump likely feels an unusually strong familial connection with the vice-presidential nominee,” said Kevin Hogan, another body language expert. “His brash demeanor took a side to what his true feelings are, which is likely to be deep appreciation, a moment of being rescued and an almost brotherly feeling toward his newest best friend.”

Despite being notoriously anxious about germs, Mr. Trump is not a stranger to public displays of affection. In 2000, he kissed Rudolph W. Giuliani, then the mayor of New York, who was dressed in drag for a skit. And he liberally gives out encouraging pats on the shoulder to strangers during his campaign travels.

Ruth Sherman, a public speaking and presentation consultant, said that Mr. Trump’s comfort with air-kissing could be a cultural thing, harkening to his time working in the entertainment industry. The hesitant response from Mr. Pence, she said, was a sign that the ticket still needed time to mesh.

“We both know that’s the way the celebrity crowd rolls in N.Y.C. and which Trump inhabits,” Ms. Sherman said. “Indiana, I would surmise, has an altogether different vibe.”
What are the most important parts of this text?