Write highlights for this article:

Former Everton star Tim Cahill was on target as Australia struggled to a tepid 1-1 draw in an international friendly against an under-strength South Africa in Sydney on Monday. More than 50,000 turned out at the Olympic Stadium to bid farewell to the Socceroos before they depart for the finals but the home side struggled to break down a Bafana Bafana team weakened even from that which went out in the second round of African qualifying. Both the goals came inside a minute early in the first half with Ayanda Patosi's 13th minute effort for South Africa cancelled out by Australia's stand-in captain Tim Cahill almost immediatly. On the scoresheet: Former Everton player Tim Cahill celebrates after scoring for Australia in Sydney. Man of the moment: Cahill stands on top of an advertising board as he celebrates his equaliser. Hugs all round: Cahill is congratulated by his team-mates after scoring in the friendly against South Africa. In demand: Cahill poses for photographs with fans after the match at the ANZ Stadium. Let me take a selfie: One young fan asks for a selfie with Cahill after the farewell match. Fond farewell: Cahill and the Australian team walk through a cordon of South African players. With world. champions Spain, 2010 runners-up the Netherlands and Chile lying in. wait in Brazil, Australia would have been hoping for a different. conclusion to the evening than the slow handclap that rang around. stadium towards the end of the match. Socceroos. coach Ange Postecoglou was always up against it with just eight months. to bring fluency to his young team before Australia's third successive. World Cup finals campaign and it showed in a ragged performance. South. Africa opened the scoring after Tokelo Rantie drove at the heart of the. defence at pace and, when his progress was stopped, stabbed the ball. back for Ayanda Patosi to slide the ball into the net. Australia's. response was immediate and it was no surprise that it came from the. head of Cahill, who rose above goalkeeper Senzo Meyiwa to steer Tommy. Oar's ballooned cross into the net for his 32nd goal in his 68th. appearance for his country. The chase is on: Australia's Ryan McGowan (left) fights for the ball with Thulai Caleb Serero. Incoming: South Africa's Ayanda Patosi (left) is tackled by Australia's Ivan Franjic. Opener: South Africa's Ayanda Patosi celebrates after scoring the opening goal in the 13th minute. South. Africa grew in confidence and had the better of the second half with. what rhythm Australia had mustered disrupted by the inevitable string of. substitutions. Postecoglou. will cut three players from his 30-man provisional squad on Tuesday. before the remainder fly to South America - one certain to be central. defender Curtis Good, who has a hip injury. Australia. open their campaign in Brazil against Chile on June 13 in Cuiaba before. playing the Netherlands on June 18 and Spain on June 23. Down low: South Africa goalkeeper Senzo Robert Meyiwa dives to his left to make the save. Silky stuff: Australia's Matthew Leckie (left) controls the ball as Thato Mokeke looks on. Calm and composed: Australia coach Ange Postecoglou sits on the touchline during the farewell match.