Please answer the following question: Information:  - A record producer or music producer oversees and manages the sound recording and production of a band or performer's music, which may range from recording one song to recording a lengthy concept album. A producer has many roles during the recording process. The roles of a producer vary. He or she may gather musical ideas for the project, collaborate with the artists to select cover tunes or original songs by the artist/group, work with artists and help them to improve their songs, lyrics or arrangements.   - Better Dayz is the eighth studio album and fourth posthumous album by the late American rapper 2Pac, the third to be released without the artist's creative input and is the last to be a double-album.  - The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is a hall of fame and museum located on the shore of Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation was established on April 20, 1983, by Atlantic Records founder and chairman Ahmet Ertegun to recognize and archive the history of the best-known and most influential artists, producers, engineers, and other notable figures who have had some major influence on the development of rock and roll. In 1986, Cleveland was chosen as the hall of fame's permanent home. Since opening in September 1995, the "Rock Hall"  part of the city's redeveloped North Coast Harbor  has hosted more than 10 million visitors and had a cumulative economic impact estimated at more than $1.8 billion.  - Tupac Amaru Shakur (; born Lesane Parish Crooks; June 16, 1971September 13, 1996), also known by his stage names 2Pac and Makaveli, was an American rapper, record producer, actor, and poet. As of 2007, Shakur has sold over 75 million records worldwide. His double disc albums "All Eyez on Me" and his "Greatest Hits" are among the best-selling albums in the United States with "All Eyez on Me" selling 10,000,000 copies and "Greatest Hits" selling 10,200,000 units. He has been listed and ranked as one of the greatest artists of all time by many publications, including "Rolling Stone", which ranked him 86th on its list of The 100 Greatest Artists of All Time. He is consistently ranked as one of the greatest and most influential rappers of all time. On April 7, 2017, Shakur will be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility.  - All Eyez on Me is the fourth studio album by American rapper 2Pac. It was released on February 13, 1996, by Death Row Records and Interscope Records.  - `` Still Ballin '' was the second single from Tupac Shakur 's posthumous album Better Dayz . It is part two of `` Str8 Ballin '' from the album Thug Life Vol. 1 . It featured Trick Daddy . A remix of `` Still Ballin ' '' was made by DJ Fatal which features the original verses of both Tupac and Kurupt . Two of the verses from the original song are also featured on The Game 's `` How We Do '' remix .    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'record label' with the subject 'still ballin''.  Choices: - 1995  - 1996  - album  - amaru  - atlantic records  - interscope records  - record  - studio album
Answer: