Write a title for this article:

Former supermodel Janice Dickinson has accused Bill Cosby of sexually assaulting her.

The 59-year-old "America's Next Top Model" judge told Entertainment Tonight the 77-year-old TV legend raped her more than two decades ago.

Dickinson claimed that in 1982, Cosby invited her to Lake Tahoe, where he was performing, to discuss a job he had offered her, as well as advice on her singing career.

She said that after she arrived in Tahoe, the two had dinner, and then when the two returned to her room, Cosby gave her “wine and a pill.”

“The next morning I woke up and I wasn’t wearing my pajamas,” she said. “And I remember before I passed out that I had been sexually assaulted by this man.”

“Before I woke up in the morning, the last thing I remember was Bill Cosby, in a patchwork robe, dropping his robe and getting on top of me.”

When asked if she ever confronted the TV star about what happened, she said that she had not, and that Cosby had never broached it with her.

“I’ll tell you why I’m doing this," Dickinson said. “Because it’s the right thing to do, and it happened to me, and this is the true story.”

Dickinson is the self-proclaimed "world's first supermodel" who claims to have coined the term during her covergirl heyday in the 70s and 80s.

She's remained in the public eye over the past decade by appearing on several reality TV shows, including "The Surreal Life," "The Janice Dickinson Modelling Agency," and "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew," where she confronted addictions to prescription pills, and plastic surgery.

Dickinson is the third accuser to come forward since comedian Hannibal Buress called Cosby a rapist during a stand-up routine in Philadelphia last month.

The latest accuser before Dickinson, Joan Tarshis, went public over the weekend.

In an essay published Sunday on the Hollywood Elsewhere website and an interview with CNN, Tarshis claimed that Cosby raped her in the autumn 1969, when she was a starstruck 19-year-old aspiring actress.

Tarshis claimed Cosby lured her to his bungalow at Universal Studios in Los Angeles, drugged her and then forced her to perform oral sex on him.

Tarshis said Cosby attacked her again days later at the Sherry Netherland hotel, after she accompanied him to a performance he gave at The Westbury Music Theater on Long Island.

Last week, another woman, Barbara Bowman, published a first-person story in The Washington Post alleging that Cosby raped her in 1985 when she was 17.

Bowman's story hit some of the same notes as Tarshis'; she said Cosby drugged her at his New York City brownstone and she recalled coming to "in my panties and a man's t-shirt, and Cosby was looming over me."

Both Joan Tarshis (l.) and Barbara Bowman have come forward with allegations against Bill Cosby.

Cosby has never been criminally charged for any of the alleged sexual assaults.

However, he did settle a civil case in 2006 brought by Temple University employee Andrea Constand who originally claimed he drugged and groped her in his mansion.

Cosby's lawyer John Schmitt issued a statement that dismissed Tarshis and Bowman's claims as "decade-old, discredited" allegations.

ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE TO WATCH VIDEO.

Title: