Information:  - There are two types of radio networks currently in use around the world: the one-to-many broadcast network commonly used for public information and mass media entertainment; and the two-way radio type used more commonly for public safety and public services such as police, fire, taxicabs, and delivery services. Cell Phones are able to send and receive simultaneously by using two different frequencies at the same time. Many of the same components and much of the same basic technology applies to all three.  - Tom Sullivan ( Thomas M. Sullivan , b. 1949 ) is a business news anchor for the Fox Business Network , who also hosts a syndicated radio talk show on the Fox News Radio network .  - A radio program (radio programme in the United Kingdom) or radio show is a segment of content intended for broadcast on radio. It may be a one-time production or part of a periodically recurring series. A single program in a series is called an episode.  - Fox Business Network (FBN), also known as Fox Business, is an American cable and satellite business news television channel that is owned by the Fox Entertainment Group division of 21st Century Fox. The network discusses business and financial news. Day-to-day operations are run by Kevin Magee, executive vice president of Fox News; Neil Cavuto manages content and business news coverage. As of February 2015, Fox Business Network is available to approximately 74,224,000 pay television households (63.8% of households with television) in the United States.  - Neil Patrick Cavuto (born September 22, 1958) is an American television anchor, commentator and business journalist for Fox Broadcasting. He hosts three television programs: "Your World with Neil Cavuto" and "Cavuto on Business", both on the Fox News Channel, and "Cavuto: Coast to Coast" on sister channel Fox Business Network.  - Fox News Radio is an American radio network programmed by Fox News Channel.  - The Fox Entertainment Group is an American entertainment company that operates through four segments, mainly filmed entertainment, television stations, television broadcast networks, and cable network programming. The company is wholly owned and controlled by the American media conglomerate 21st Century Fox, which is owned and chaired by Rupert Murdoch, since the company acquired all the stock of Fox. The transaction was completed on March 12, 2005. The division was part of the renamed 21st Century Fox after it had spun off its publishing divisions into the newly formed "New" News Corporation in 2013 as part of a corporate re-organization.  - A talk show or chat show is a television programming or radio programming genre in which one person (or group of people) discusses various topics put forth by a talk show host.  - Television or TV is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black-and-white), or in color, and in two or three dimensions and sound. It can refer to a television set, a television program ("TV show"), or the medium of television transmission. Television is a mass medium, for entertainment, education, news, and advertising.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'occupation'.