Economist Debates: Marriage

Government should not necessarily encourage marriage, but it should definitely discontinue the predatory government and private/public government partnerships through which it DISCOURAGES marriage. What are these? Follow the goings on in any divorce court in a Western country and you will see, especially in America, how deeply government is involved in deterring males from marrying and reproducing, and brutally punishing them when they do. The "punishment" is both economic and human (denial of custody of one's children -- needed to justify the economic punishment). All of this horrible treatment of productive males is necessary to feed the male's assets and income as "fees" to the lawyer friends of America's lawyer-controlled judiciaries and legislatures. I will add here my comments from elsewhere in this blog about the origins of America's fertility crisis, as follows:

The birth rate in America is not falling primarily because of the problems in the American macro-economy during the past 5 years. It is falling because of the horrible and unacceptable economic risk distribution inflicted by government upon American males, especially educated, economically productive and white males.

Quite simply, when an economically productive male in America gets married, he experiences a very high probability (in excess of 50%) that the woman he marries will ultimately divorce him. When that happens, he is extremely likely to be stripped of assets by private attorneys benefiting from judicial assistance in that attorney-feeding process, and to couple has children (whether married or not), the male is virtually guaranteed to be sold into indentured servitude, under the threat of imprisonment lest he fail to make enough money to pay whatever "support" award is affixed to his head by America's local-lawyer controlled judiciary.

American men, young, middle-aged, and old, are now crystal clear in their understanding of this rigged game and how dangerous it is to them. A 50% or greater probability of having their lives ruined is not acceptable to them, period. They were opting out of reproduction and marriage at record rates when the American economy was booming prior to the recent collapse, and they have and will continue to do so until reproduction becomes safe for them, and marriage as well.

Who are the men who have the safest circumstances for reproducing in America? Illegal immigrants, of course. They can actually leave the place, and most likely with their children.

It is the productive American male who is the target of government, as it is he who has income and assets which can be fed to America's 1.1 million lawyers, who are of course, operating in a many-decades partnership with state and local judges and government.

America's fertility crisis among educated, productive males will not turn around when the economy turns around. Not by a long shot.

Government has vast branches and large numbers of employees, especially in America, which feed off of the destruction and enslavement of productive males, and an unavoidable byproduct of this dirty, business is a deterrence of males from marriage and having children.
What are the most important parts of this text?