Detailed Instructions: In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Q: Question: Do dragons appear in Greek Mythology outside of the chimera? Passage 1:James A. O'Neil built the county's first gristmill at the confluence of La Creole Creek (now Rickreall Creek) and O'Neils Creek over the winter of 1844–1845. The site was chosen for its proximity to water power for the mill, timber and a rock quarry that could provide millstones. The most important factor for siting the mill at this location, however, was its proximity to the Siskiyou Trail. A community formed around the mill as it was one of only two gristmills on the west side of the Willamette River at the time and it served settlers from as far away as northern Yamhill County and south as far as Linn and Benton counties. O'Neil offered lodging and a store for people who had made the long trip to his mill. Miners on their way to the California Gold Rush would also stop at the community for flour for the journey.
 Passage 2:In February 2010, Breitbart received the Reed Irvine Accuracy in Media Award during the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington, D.C. During his acceptance speech, he responded directly to accusations by The New York Times reporter Kate Zernike that Jason Mattera, a young conservative activist, had been using "racial tones" in his allusions to President Barack Obama, and had spoken in a "Chris Rock voice". From the podium, Breitbart called Zernike "a despicable human being" for having made such allegations about what, according to him, was just Mattera's Brooklyn accent. At the same conference, Breitbart was also filmed saying to journalist Max Blumenthal that he found him to be "a jerk" and "a despicable human being" over a blog entry in which Blumenthal accused Breitbart of employing a racist. Blumenthal was referring to James O'Keefe over his having attended a Georgetown Law Center discussion on race featuring Kevin Martin, John Derbyshire, and Jared Taylor, the last of whom founded American Renaissance, an online magazine widely considered white supremacist. Neither O'Keefe nor Breitbart endorsed Taylor's views.
 Passage 3:The chimera of Greek mythology appeared in Marvel Comics. It is depicted as a fire-breathing monster with the heads of a lion and a goat next to each other, the front legs of a lion, the wings of a dragon, the hindquarters of a goat, and a snake-headed tail, while also possessing the power of speech. Its history of being the offspring of Echidna and being slain by Bellerophon is still mentioned. At some point, the Chimera was restored to life by Hera to guard the caverns underneath New Olympus. It was accompanied in this job by a Cyclops and some Skeleton Warriors. The Chimera encountered the Agents of Atlas. When it didn't see that they were Olympians, Chimera breathed fire at them, sparking a fight between the heroes and the minions of Hera. Gorilla-Man forced the chimera to set its second head ablaze, causing it to flail around until it was knocked unconscious.

A: