Write highlights for this article:

A coastal cafe is bringing back good manners just one coffee at a time. Owners of Seven Mile Beach Kiosk in Gerroa, on the New South Wales' south coast, have put up a sign which is not only encouraging customers to be more polite, but it is putting a smile on their faces. For about two months, the sign which reads 'A coffee: $5, A coffee please: $4.50, Good morning, a coffee please: $4' has been greeting coffee drinkers. Cafe owners Kev Chilver and wife, Kylie Pickett, own the Seven Mile Beach Kiosk on the NSW south coast. Owner Kev Chilver said he and his wife, Kylie Pickett, wanted to bring back good manners after one of their employees saw a similar sign elsewhere. 'Common courtesy is ... becoming less and less common, and we're trying to bring it back,' he told Daily Mail Australia. 'We are in service industry but we’re not servants. We deserve as much respect as anyone else. 'Please and thank you go a long way.' Mr Chilver (pictured here with chef Megan Jones) said he and his wife wanted to bring back common courtesy with the sign. Chef Megan Jones said the sign's purpose has been fulfilled, saying customers having been noticeably more polite to staff. Mr Chilver - who has owned the kiosk with Ms Pickett for four years - said reactions to the sign had been good. 'It gives people a smile and starts their day off,' he said. 'We have some people who try it on and say "please", thank you" and "have a nice day" and then "Can I have it [coffee] for three dollars?".' And the sign's desired effect has been panning out. Chef Megan Jones said people were going out of their way to be nicer. 'People have been saying keep the change and they've been a lot nicer and we saw a change in the customers,' she told Daily Mail Australia. 'People tended to come in and say "Coffee thanks" and there was no "Hi, how are you?"' Mr Chilver and Kylie Pickett have owned the kiosk for about four years, penning the sign about two months ago. Mr Chilver said the sign was a gimmick and the kiosk did not enforce it but it put a smile on people's faces. But Mr Chilver said they did not go as far as enforcing the sign. 'It’s just put up there as a gimmick to cheer people up. We never enforce it,' he said. 'We couldn't take it that far.' This campaign to bring back 'good manners' comes after a Newcastle business owner told parents with noisy children to steer clear of her cafe and a Brazilian-born Australian barista was denied work because he was black at Darlinghurst premises earlier this year. The Little French Cafe owner Jodie Morris in Broadmeadow, near Newcastle, north of Sydney, asked customers to refrain from bringing their unruly offspring into her establishment in a Facebook post. The post, which was made about a week ago, sparked such a backlash from people that it has since been removed. But Ms Morris said business had never been better despite the negative comments. Two months before that, Nilson Dos Santos was rejected from a job at Forbes and Burton café in Darlinghurst - in Sydney's inner-city - with owner Steven Hu citing he 'had not seen African baristas' before. Mr Hu has apologised to Mr Dos Santos but said he stood by his decision to not hire the 39-year-old.