Answer the following question: Information:  - A short film is any film not long enough to be considered a feature film. Although no consensus exists as to where that boundary is drawn, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences defines a short film as "an original motion picture that has a running time of 40 minutes or less, including all credits". The term featurette originally applied to a film longer than a short subject, but shorter than a standard feature film.  - Crimes of the Future is a 1970 Canadian science fiction film written, shot, edited, and directed by David Cronenberg.  - Science fiction film (or sci-fi) is a genre that uses speculative, fictional science-based depictions of phenomena that are not fully accepted by mainstream science, such as extraterrestrial lifeforms, alien worlds, extrasensory perception and time travel, along with futuristic elements such as spacecraft, robots, cyborgs, interstellar travel or other technologies. Science fiction films have often been used to focus on political or social issues, and to explore philosophical issues like the human condition. In many cases, tropes derived from written science fiction may be used by filmmakers ignorant of or at best indifferent to the standards of scientific plausibility and plot logic to which written science fiction is traditionally held.  - Stereo is a 1969 Canadian film written , shot , edited and directed by David Cronenberg . It stars Ronald Mlodzik , who also appears in Cronenberg 's Crimes of the Future , Shivers and Rabid . It was Cronenberg 's first feature - length effort , following his two short films , Transfer and From the Drain . It is a brief feature film , with a running time of a little over one hour . This film is set in 1969 . The film has a 60 % ' fresh ' rating on Rotten Tomatoes .  - David Paul Cronenberg, (born March 15, 1943) is a Canadian filmmaker, actor and author. Cronenberg is one of the principal originators of what is commonly known as the body horror or visceral horror genre. This style of filmmaking explores people's fears of bodily transformation and infection. In his films, the psychological is typically intertwined with the physical.   - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.  - From the Drain is a 1967 short film directed by David Cronenberg while he was in film school.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'stereo ' exhibits the relationship of 'genre'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - art  - fiction film  - horror  - march  - performance art  - radio  - science fiction  - science fiction film  - short film  - time travel
Answer: