Information:  - Princeton is a municipality with a borough form of government in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, that was established in its current form on January 1, 2013, through the consolidation of the Borough of Princeton and Princeton Township. As of the 2010 United States Census, the municipality's population was 28,572, reflecting the former township's population of 16,265, along with the 12,307 in the former borough.  - Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey, United States.  - For the Durham University college , see Josephine Butler College ; for the private liberal arts school in Indianapolis , see Butler University ; For the El Dorado , Kansas college , see Butler Community College . Butler College is one of the six residential colleges of Princeton University , founded in 1983 . It houses about 500 freshmen and sophomores , 100 juniors and seniors , 10 Resident Graduate Students , a faculty member in residence , as well as a small number of upperclass Residential College Advisors . Butler is a four - year college , paired with the two - year Wilson College . This means juniors and seniors are permitted to live in Butler , with priority for housing given to undergraduates who spent their first two years in either Butler or Wilson . As of the fall of 2009 , Butler 's main quad consists of newly constructed dormitories . These new constructed dormitories were structurally engineered by Leslie E. Robertson Associates . These dorms replaced a set of older dormitories , formerly known collectively as the `` New New Quad '' , built in the 1960s and demolished in 2007 . The dormitories now comprising Butler are 1915 Hall , 1967 Hall , 1976 Hall , Bloomberg Hall , Bogle Hall , Wilf Hall , and Yoseloff Hall . 1915 Hall is an older building , while Bloomberg Hall opened in 2004 and the other dormitories opened in 2009 . The dining hall of the college is Gordon Wu Hall , which was renovated during the summer of 2009 along with the adjacent Wilson College dining hall , Wilcox Hall . As a result of this renovation , Wu and Wilcox now share a servery and kitchen , but have separate dining areas . This arrangement is the same as that used by the Rockefeller College and Mathey College dining halls , which were renovated in 2007 .  - The Ivy League is a collegiate athletic conference comprising sports teams from eight private institutions of higher education in the Northeastern United States. The conference name is also commonly used to refer to those eight schools as a group beyond the sports context. The eight institutions are Brown University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Harvard University, the University of Pennsylvania, Princeton University, and Yale University. The term "Ivy League" has connotations of academic excellence, selectivity in admissions, and social elitism.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'butler college' with the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'.  Choices: - columbia  - mercer  - mercer county  - new jersey  - of  - pennsylvania  - princeton  - university
The answer to this question is: