Write highlights for this article:

By. Steph Cockroft. A honeytrapper and her boyfriend lured a man to a park over Facebook so they could attack him with a meat cleaver for his money and mobile phone. Haseena Aziz arranged to go on the 'date' in order to give her 29-year-old boyfriend Afahan Hussain a chance to rob the victim. The 28-year-old tempted the man to meet her in a park in Birmingham by flirting with him in a series of messages over the social-networking site. Haseena Aziz, 28, pictured left, arranged to go on a 'date' with a man in Birmingham so she and her boyfriend Afahan Hussain, 29, pictured right, could threaten him with a meat cleaver and rob him. The unnamed 25-year-old victim caught a train to Birmingham from his home in London in June this year in the belief Aziz wanted to start a relationship with him. He took a seat on a bench in parkland near a fly-over in Hockley, Birmingham, expecting to meet Aziz for a date. Instead, Hussain - who has a gold tooth - appeared from behind and punched and headbutted the defenceless victim. He then held a meat cleaver to his face and demanded his phone and cash. The court heard how Aziz laughed as she watched the attack and even waded in by kicking the man in the groin. The pair later sent texts to the victim mocking him for falling for their set-up. West Midlands Police launched an investigation. The pair were found through phone and social media enquiries. They were charged with robbery and both found guilty at Birmingham Crown Court. The pair - who later sent texts to the victim mocking him for falling for their set-up - were convicted at Birmingham Crown Court of robbery. Recorder Oscar Del Fabbro. jailed Hussain for a total of 12 years after he was found. guilty of the robbery, as well as a separate crime of wounding with intent to cause GBH. Aziz was also found guilty of robbery and was sentenced to four years in prison. The court heard how, weeks after the park attack, Hussain also slashed a complete stranger across the face with a Stanley knife during an unprovoked street attack. He shoulder-barged a 27-year-old man to the floor in the early hours of August 7. As the victim scrambled to his feet, Hussain then pulled out a knife and slashed him down the left side of his face severing an artery and narrowly missing his left eye. Unemployed Hussain denied the offence but the victim's recollection of his attacker's distinctive gold tooth was crucial in the conviction. Speaking about the second attack Detective Constable Sara Caldwell, from West Midlands Police, said: 'It was completely unprovoked. The man was walking with a friend to a local shop to buy cigarettes when Hussain deliberately barged into him and lashed out with a knife. 'The victim suffered significant blood loss, nerve damage and has lost sensation on the left side of his face. It was an outrageous attack. 'Anyone who carries a knife in public is potentially putting themselves and others in danger and can expect to be jailed, even if they don't strike out with it in anger. 'The judge described Hussain as a dangerous man and a risk to the public.He will rightly spend many years behind bars and be subject to an extended licence period upon his eventual release.'