Please write a short summary for the following article:

Rest Easy, MF Global Execs Will Not Get Those Bonuses, Trustee Says

The trustee overseeing MF Global assured members of Congress today that executives at the failed firm will not receive bonuses.

Did you get that? Executives at the firm that failed suddenly last fall and then lost a bunch of client money ($1.6 billion is still missing) won’t get paid any bonus money.

The mere fact that such bonuses were even considered in the first place is shocking (or maybe not if you consider we’re talking about Wall Street) in itself. So what happened here?

The trustee, Louis Freeh a former FBI director, apparently had plans to seek court approval for bonus payments for executives including Bradley Abelow, president and chief operating officer; Henri Steenkamp, chief financial officer; and Laurie Ferber, general counsel. The court approval was needed because MF Global had filed for bankruptcy and you can’t go awarding bonuses without some oversight under such circumstances.

Why on earth would he award them bonuses when their firm failed in the worst way possible? Freeh thought it would be cheaper to keep existing executives who were already familiar with the firm to help him liquidate it and find that $1.6 billion of client money than finding and hiring new talent to do the same.

Naturally members of Congress were outraged about the idea. U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, and Senator Pat Roberts, the Committee’s Ranking Member had this to say not long after the Freeh’s March announcement about the bonuses:

“It’s absolutely outrageous to suggest that bonuses should be paid to the same people who were in charge when the company went bankrupt and lost its customers’ money. This was a terrible failure of leadership. The people in charge should be held accountable, not rewarded with bonuses, ” said Stabenow.

“This is not your ordinary Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The process to return customer funds to their rightful owners will take years. This unprecedented loss of segregated customer funds may well have occurred at the direction of MF Global officials. Any recovered funds should go to customers instead of winding up in the hands of those who mismanaged the funds in the first place,” Roberts added.

Jon Tester, a Montana Democrat and member of the Senate banking committee called the idea “outrageous” and asked that the trustee reconsider. “Quite simply, it is unacceptable for you to sanction the award of performance-based compensation before the recovery of client funds. Rather than reward executives, I urge you to use these funds to repay the farmers and ranchers whose trust was so betrayed by MF Global,” he wrote Freeh.

Today Freeh told Senate Banking Committee he is back tracking on the issue saying, “”Bonuses are not part of my consideration now and they have not been in the past.” Instead he will work toward giving them fair and competitive salaries to keep them on board.

He did warn that if the executives do decide to leave it will he would have to hire an accounting firm which could end up costing three times what is being paid the executives there now. Go figure.