Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 13:04 EST, 21 December 2012. |. UPDATED:. 19:41 EST, 21 December 2012. Accused: John Bushell, 86, is accused of trying to smear his neighbours to undermine their evidence in court against him. A pensioner has been accused of making false criminal allegations about the couple who lived next door to discredit what they said against him in a court case. John Bushell, 86, is alleged to have called police on September 27 to say his neighbours, Kenneth and Marjorie Mills, had damaged the guttering on his property. The retired book-keeper - who has been involved in a long-running feud with Mr and Mrs Mills - is already banned from contacting them under the terms of a restraining order made in 1998. Tensions have grown during the five decades they have lived next door to each other in a cul-de-sac in Hebburn, South Tyneside. Yesterday, Bushell appeared at South Tyneside Magistrates’ Court facing a charge of committing an act intending to pervert the course of justice. Bushell is said to have contacted the police about the alleged damage to undermine his neighbours’ credibility before they stood as witnesses against him in a different court case. He was originally due to appear before magistrates about the latest charge last Thursday, but did not turn up. At that point, he was facing the less serious matter of wasting police time. Paul Anderson, prosecuting, asked the court to withdraw that charge and replace it with the new one - which can only be dealt with at crown court. Bushell entered no plea and spoke only to confirm his name, age and address. Mr Anderson said: ‘A charge of. perverting the course of justice is indictable only, meaning it must be. sent to Newcastle Crown Court.’ Christopher Brown, defending, said he didn’t want to add anything on Bushell’s behalf. Bushell will appear at Newcastle Crown Court on January 4, where it is expected he will enter a plea. He was released on unconditional bail until then. Earlier this month, Bushell was found guilty of breaching an order after he hurled abuse at his neighbours on May 7. Neighbours: Marjorie Mills and husband Ken, of Hebburn, South Tynesid, had in a long-running feud with John Bushell. Feud: John Bushell, who lived in the house on the left, a few yards from neighbours the Mills family who live next door, on the right. Court action: Retired book-keeper John Bushell will appear at Newcastle Crown Court on January 4, where it is expected he will enter a plea. South Tyneside magistrates deferred his sentence for six months. Bushell admitted shouting at Mr and Mrs Mills, but said he had been provoked by them filming him. Speaking after Bushell’s conviction, Mr and Mrs Mills said they wanted to call an end to their feud. Mrs Mills said: ‘All we want to do is to be able to enjoy our lives in peace.' Bushell, who lives with wife Sonia in. the cul-de-sac, said he has listened to the magistrates and will do his. best to keep the peace. Speaking after the case, he said: ‘I have got to accept the court’s decision and do as they say. I will keep myself to myself and keep out of their way.' Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.

Highlights: