Summarize the following:
hoose the right beer. Gone are the days when you thought beer only came out of a keg and into a red plastic cup. There are an infinite amount of varieties out there, meaning there's a beer out there that matches your ideal taste. Here's a brief and not-at-all comprehensive rundown (that would take ages):   Ales. These ferment quickly and are generally a bit sweeter, fuller-bodied, and have a fruity flavor. Indian Pale Ales (IPAs) have more hops and are generally bitter. This category includes pale ales, wheat beers, bitters, porters, stouts, barley wines, brown ales and tripels. Watch out for tripels – they've been fermented several times and can knock you off your feet.  Lagers. These ferment slowly and tend to have a "crisper" flavor than ales and are, in general, less "hoppy." Think of  Heineken, Bud Light, Natural Light, Harp, Corona, Miller Genuine Draft – these are all light lagers. This category also includes pilsners, Vienna lagers, bocks and marzens.  Stouts. These really fall under the "ale" umbrella, but they are their own beast. A stout is dark and often creamy, with tastes of chocolate and coffee undertones. There's also oatmeal and oyster stouts, too. For these, think Guinness, Beamish, and Samuel Smith Oatmeal Stouts.  Bitters. These are English ales that have a deep bronze look and a well-hopped flavor (in other words, bitter). In general, they have greater depth than IPAs. It's hard to qualify their taste beyond that as there are several categories: session or ordinary bitter, best or regular bitter and premium or strong bitter (often called Extra Special Bitters (ESB)).  Wheat Beer (or Hefeweizen). This is an ale with a light yet hazy appearance. It often has a slight banana or clove flavor. Sometimes it's spicy or apple-y, too. It's not bitter and it's often served with a wedge of lemon. Just like red wines and white wines (and hard liquors) need to be treated differently and put it in different glasses, the same goes for different varieties of beer. Here's a few things to consider:   Mugs – good for IPAs, red, black, brown, and blonde American Ales, Pilsner, English Stouts, smoked beer, witbier, American and English Porters  Pint glasses – good for American Ales, IPAs, Pale Ales, English Bitter and mild English Ales, cream ales, dark Lager and Stouts.  Goblets: Belgian IPAs and strong, dark ales, quadruples and tripels  Pilsner glasses: Vienna and Japanese lagers, Euro dark and strong lagers, American malt liquors, pale and red lagers, doppelbocks  Weizen glasses: Dark and pale wheat ales, and all "weizens" Beer pairs just as well – if not better – with food like wine. And in general, it's the same idea: lighter foods like salads and fish go with lighter beers. Heavier foods and meatier meats go with darker beers. You should also pair "regional" beers with food of that region. Apart from that, here are a few things to remember:  Does your beer have a caramel, cocoa or coffee flavor? Pair it with a smokey flavor, like with char-grilled foods. Is your beer hoppy? This can provide an herbal contract to fattier foods, like salmon, pizza, and fried foods. Is your beer sweet and fruity? Think appetizer plates, like grapes, cheeses, and bruschetta.