Answer: one hundred and eight. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: Passage: There are one hundred and eight cards in a deck:

Question: Based on this passage, how many cards are in a deck of phase 10?
CoT: The important part for answering this question is: There are one hundred and eight cards in a deck:


Ans: William Payne Stewart
Ques: William Payne Stewart (January 30, 1957 -- October 25, 1999) was an American professional golfer who won eleven PGA Tour events, including three major championships in his career, the last of which occurred a few months before he died in an airplane accident at the age of 42.

Who was the golfer who died in a plane crash?
CoT: The relevant information to answer the above question is: William Payne Stewart (January 30, 1957 -- October 25, 1999) was an American professional golfer who won eleven PGA Tour events, including three major championships in his career, the last of which occurred a few months before he died in an airplane accident at the age of 42.


Ans: James Anderson
Ques: Context: James Anderson (July 13, 1921 -- September 14, 1969), sometimes billed as Kyle James, was an American television and film actor of the 1950s and 1960s. He is probably best known for his role as Robert E. Lee "Bob" Ewell in To Kill a Mockingbird (1962).

Question: who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird?
CoT: The relevant information to answer the above question is: He is probably best known for his role as Robert E. Lee "Bob" Ewell in To Kill a Mockingbird (1962).


Answer: R. Kelly. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: "If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time" is a song by R. Kelly, released as the fifth single from his 1998 album, R ... The song is a sweeping ballad about a man wishing he could go back in time and repair his relationship with his girlfriend. The song was a top 10 hit on the pop charts of several countries, while in the United States it finished just outside the top 10, peaking at number 12.

Based on this passage, who sings the song if i could turn back the hands of time?
CoT: To answer this question, we should know that: "If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time" is a song by R. Kelly, released as the fifth single from his 1998 album, R ...


Ans: June 2012
Ques: Context: Slender: The Eight Pages is a freeware indie-developed first-person survival horror video game released in June 2012 as a beta for Microsoft Windows and OS X, utilizing the Unity engine. Developed by Mark J. Hadley, the game is based on the quasi-folklore meme figure known as the Slender Man, who is depicted as a tall man wearing all black with a white face with no facial features. The character is known for the ominous abduction of countless children in dark mysterious settings, such as deep forests and abandoned buildings.

Question: when did the slender man game come out?
CoT: The relevant information to answer the above question is: Slender: The Eight Pages is a freeware indie-developed first-person survival horror video game released in June 2012 as a beta for Microsoft Windows and OS X, utilizing the Unity engine.


Ans: Because of the relatively high attraction of water molecules for each other through a web of hydrogen bonds
