Article:

Fred Rogers’ mission to revolutionize children’s television and education with the long-running show he created and hosted, Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood, will live on with a new animated spin off, Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood, from PBS. 
  
 ALL TCA Summer 2011 Press Tour Coverage on THR 
  
 The TV program provider announced Sunday at the Television Critics Association (TCA) Press Tour that the new multiplatform animated series will take place in the original “Neighborhood of Make Believe” featuring a four-year-old host named Daniel Tiger. In the new series, all the residents of the neighborhood have grown up and now have their own preschool-aged children. 
  
 “We’re very excited to be creating a program that builds on Fred’s legacy in such fresh and innovative ways,” Bill Isler, President of The Fred Rogers Company, which developed the series, says. “Fred knew that school readiness skills are the foundation for academic achievement, and a full life, and now a growing body of research confirms this.” 
  
 The series begins airing in Fall 2012 on PBS Kids, along with a website that will include free interactive games for kids, online resources for parents and teachers, and other cross-platform content. 
  
 It is executive produced by Kevin Morrison for The Fred Rogers Company and cofounder of Out of the Blue Enterprises, Angela Santomero (Super Why!). Additionally, 9 Story Entertainment will produce the animation and Schell Games will develop the series’ digital educational applications. 
  
 Rogers passed away in 2003 at the age of 74 from stomach cancer. Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood was one of the longest running series on PBS, which continuously ran reruns of the series through Aug. 2008. 
  
 Email: Jethro.Nededog@thr.com; Twitter: @TheRealJethro ||||| Mister Rogers 
  
 PBS is returning to Mister Rogers' Neighborhood a decade after the series ended with a new animated spin-off. 
  
 Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood will feature original Mister Rogers characters who still live in the Neighborhood of Make Believe, but have since grown up and now have children of their own, PBS announced Sunday at PBS' fall TV preview session. Daniel Tiger, the 4-year-old son of the original Tiger, will be the new series' star. 
  
 Watch videos from Mister Rogers' Neighborhood 
  
 Mister Rogers' Neighborhood ran on PBS from 1968 to 2001, with repeats airing until 2008. Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood will be the first show from the Fred Rogers Co. since the original program. The new show will debut in fall of 2012 as part of the PBS Kids lineup. 
  
 "Fred Rogers revolutionized children's media with Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, and Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood continues on this path of innovation, helping the next generation of young children learn and grow in new ways," said Lesli Rotenberg, a PBS senior vice president. "Joining the PBS Kids family of series that cover important curricular areas like literacy and science, Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood fills a critical gap in children's media today: modeling the behaviors and habits that kids need in order to excel in formal learning settings — essentially, learning how to learn." 
  
 Will you watch Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood? |||||
What is a summary?