Summarize this article in one sentence.
The way you handle your hair makes a big difference in its texture and appearance. When you're rough with your hair, it can frizz up and start looking dull. Hair is a fragile material that should be handled with care, just like a delicate piece of fabric. Here's what to keep in mind:  When you shampoo your hair don't roughly scrub it. Massage the shampoo into your hair and distribute it with your fingers. Rinse your conditioner in the coldest water you can stand. The cold temperature seals the cuticle and helps your hair look shiny, while hot water will cause it to frizz up and look dull. Gently squeeze the water from your hair and pat it dry with a towel instead of twisting and wringing it out. Shampooing your hair every single day causes it to dry out and become brittle. The natural oil your scalp produces to nourish your hair gets rinsed away before it can do its job. If you want your hair to stay healthy and shiny, you only really need to wash it once or twice a week, depending on your hair type.  When you first cut back on how often you wash your hair, you may notice it looking oilier than normal. Your scalp is producing oil on overdrive since it's used to everyday washings. After a week or two things will balance out and your hair will look cleaner, longer. On days in between washings, when you need to perk up your hair,  try dry shampoo. It's a powder you sprinkle, or an aerosol you spray, on your hair to absorb the oil, and it works like a charm. The best way to keep your hair healthy is to let it dry naturally instead of using a hair dryer. The heat from the hair dryer damages the hair shaft, and if you do it every day you'll definitely see damage over time. Put that hair dryer away and let your hair dry the natural way.  The same goes for other heat styling tools, like curling irons, straightening irons, and hot rollers. On days when you do want to use a hair dryer or other styling tools, apply a heat protectant serum to your hair so it doesn't get quite as damaged. Running a plastic-bristled brush through your hair, especially when it's wet, is almost guaranteed to cause some damage. Brushing tends to rip your hair, while combing removes the tangles without pulling it out. Use a wide-tooth comb and work out the tangles starting close to the tips and moving up to the roots. Dyeing, bleaching, chemically straightening, and chemically curling your hair all damage the shaft. For the healthiest possible hair, it's best to stop these treatments and let your hair take on its natural color and texture. Your hair might not be the exact color you want, but it will be healthy, shiny and silky. If you do want to dye your hair, look into henna, honey, or tea dyeing. These natural dyes actually restore shine to your hair, rather than damaging it. You won't be able to achieve a dramatic color change, but you can go a few shades lighter or darker. Waves, wefts, dreads, and other styles that require permanently pulling your hair into a tight position can cause damage and hair loss. While some types of weaves are less damaging than others (sewn weaves are usually better than glue-ins, for example) your hair will be healthier if you forego them altogether.