Some random thoughts: To answer the question, consider the following: Alex Borstein voices Lois Griffin, Asian correspondent Tricia Takanawa, Loretta Brown and Lois' mother Barbara Pewterschmidt.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Alex Borstein voices Lois Griffin, Asian correspondent Tricia Takanawa, Loretta Brown and Lois' mother Barbara Pewterschmidt. Borstein was asked to provide a voice for the pilot while she was working on MADtv. She had not met MacFarlane or seen any of his artwork and said it was "really sight unseen". At the time, Borstein performed in a stage show in Los Angeles, in which she played a redhead mother whose voice she had based on one of her cousins. The voice was originally slower (and deeper for the original series), but when MacFarlane heard it, he replied "Make it a little less fucking annoying ... and speed it up, or every episode will last four hours."

Who plays the voice of lois on family guy?
A: Alex Borstein

Some random thoughts: To answer the question, consider the following: Although many have been involved in development of the site, the leadership of former mayor Jack White was instrumental in passage of a bond issue that raised funds to empower the 1938 "San Antonio River Beautification Project", which began the evolution of the site into the present 2.5-mile-long (4 km) River Walk.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Work began on the Olmos Dam and bypass channel in 1926; however, the San Antonio Conservation Society successfully protested the paved sewer option. No major plans came into play until 1929, when San Antonio native and architect Robert Hugman submitted his plans for what would become the River Walk. Although many have been involved in development of the site, the leadership of former mayor Jack White was instrumental in passage of a bond issue that raised funds to empower the 1938 "San Antonio River Beautification Project", which began the evolution of the site into the present 2.5-mile-long (4 km) River Walk.

What is the length of the riverwalk in san antonio?
A: 2.5 - mile - long ( 4 km )

Some random thoughts: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: She received Academy Award nominations for her roles as Stands With A Fist in Dances with Wolves and May-Alice Culhane in Passion Fish.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Passage: Mary Eileen McDonnell (born April 28, 1952) is an American film, stage, and television actress. She received Academy Award nominations for her roles as Stands With A Fist in Dances with Wolves and May-Alice Culhane in Passion Fish. McDonnell is well known for her performances as President Laura Roslin in Battlestar Galactica, the First Lady in Independence Day, and Rose in Donnie Darko. She was featured as Captain Sharon Raydor during seasons 5 -- 7 of the TNT series The Closer and starred as Commander Sharon Raydor in the spin-off series Major Crimes on the same network.

Question: Based on this passage, who played stands with fists in dances with wolves?
A: Mary Eileen McDonnell

Some random thoughts: To answer this question, we should know that: SAIT is a Not for Profit professional body incorporated in 2007 by a group of tax professionals and educators.
Generated quizz based on thoughts