Write a summary based on this article:

Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. ||||| Image copyright Edale Mountain Rescue Team Image caption The couple were not on a designated footpath when they became stuck on a ledge near the top of Winnats Pass 
  
 A couple who became stuck on a cliffside ledge high in the Peak District were rescued by the emergency services after sending them a selfie. 
  
 The couple - believed to be in their 20s - had scrambled up a steep bank and got stuck near the top of Winnats Pass, Derbyshire. 
  
 They were saved on Sunday shortly after sending rescue staff a selfie they had taken earlier on that day. 
  
 Edale Mountain Rescue believe it was their first-ever "selfie rescue". 
  
 Winnats Pass is described as "a steep-sided valley, three-quarters of a mile long with lots of caves". 
  
 'Unusual job' 
  
 Duty leader and medical officer Steve Rowe said six members of the team went onto the hill with safety equipment to rescue the uninjured pair. 
  
 "They had described the location very well, and then one said: 'I've got an idea, I'll send you a picture as well', saying they were in a shadow cave in the background of the picture," he said. 
  
 "They had also sent a Whatsapp message with the location so that allowed us to get straight to where we needed to be." 
  
 Mr Rowe said a system exists to allow staff to text a missing person and they could then click on a link which gives their location. 
  
 But he said this was the first "selfie rescue" he had come across in 15 years. 
  
 "It was an unusual job because of the couple's ingenuity at thinking their way out of the situation," he said. 
  
 "They've used modern technology. Quite a lot of people get into trouble because they rely on technology, but this couple were able to use their mobile phone and photos for their benefit so it was a good result." ||||| LONDON — A couple who found themselves stranded on a ledge high up in the Peak District were saved by mountain rescue services Sunday after sending them a selfie. 
  
 The pair, who haven't been named but are believed to be in their 20s, were found by the Edale Mountain Rescue Team after passing on the picture message. 
  
 The emergency services were also able to pinpoint their location via WhatsApp. 
  
 The couple got stuck after scrambling up a steep bank near Winnats Pass, a cave-filled valley in the heart of the Peak District. 
  
 In what the Edale Mountain Rescue Team called "possibly our first callout via selfie," the couple sent over a photo they'd taken earlier to help pinpoint their location. 
  
 The team could then work out where the pair were, get to them, and help them back down to safer ground with the help of a rope system. 
  
 Winnats Pass is in the heart of the Peak District. Image: Google MAPS 
  
 "Quite a lot of people get into trouble because they rely on technology," duty leader Steve Rowe told the BBC, "but this couple were able to use their mobile phone and photos for their benefit so it was a good result." 
  
 Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. |||||