By. Sophie Jane Evans. From terrifying roars to anguished snarls and evil laughs, it can instantly transform any actor's voice into a monster's. This incredible software was created by Orfeas Boteas, 27, during a project for his sound design degree at the University of Edinburgh. And his creation has been a great success - having been used in an array of TV series, films and computer games. Scroll down for video. Software: Orfeas Boteas, 27, created this sound effect software during a project at the University of Edinburgh. Successful: The software (pictured, left, with Mr Boteas) instantly transforms actors' voices into monsters'. It has been a great success - having produced the voice of 'Blurry man' (right) for American drama Sleepy Hollow. The software, dubbed the Dehumaniser, produced the voice of 'Blurry man' for American drama Sleepy Hollow, as well as sounds for 666 Park Avenue and Animal Planet's Finding Big Foot. 'Creature. and monster sounds exist in many mediums, including sci-fi, horror and. animated films as well as video games,' said Mr Boteas. 'Dehumaniser lets you perform in real time. It has 35 pre-designed presets for creatures, monsters, experimental voices and dialogue. 'I. have worked with some of the largest game companies, sound. post-production companies and distinguished sound designers in the. world. Technology: Mr Boteas's creation, dubbed the Dehumaniser, has also been used in a range of computer games. Complex: 'Dehumaniser lets you perform in real time,' said Mr Boteas, who studied sound design at university. 'It has also been used in many TV series, feature films and video games worldwide.' The. former student, who is originally from Athens, came up with the notion. of the Dehumaniser, before creating a prototype of it during the. university project. He. soon received hundreds of phone calls about the impressive technology,. including calls from film, TV and video game professionals. 'After. posting a video demonstration online, sound designers started showing. great interest on the project so I put it on my webpage for free to. download,' said Mr Boteas. Talented designer: Mr Boteas, who is originally from Athens, poses with a street artist dressed as a monster. 'Afterwards. I started receiving e-mails from acknowledged professionals in the. industry that used the software for many films and games all over the. world. 'I. was very excited about that and after getting feedback from all these. professionals I started working on the commercial version - and the rest. as they say is history.' Among. the professionals to have praised Mr Boteas's creation is Dave. Whitehead, who worked as a sound designer on The Lord Of The Rings, The. Hobbit and District 9. In a short review, he wrote: 'I downloaded Dehumanizer prototype last year and had a play. with it. Drama: The software has been used in 666 Park Avenue (pictured) and Animal Planet's Finding Big Foot. 'It’s got great potential. [The] settings are pretty cool. I had a laugh looking through them.' Mr Boteas offers a Lite version of his software for £49, while the pro version costs £199. This year, he was awarded the Encouraging Dynamic Growth Entrepreneurs 2014 award.
Summarize the highlights of this article.