Q: The song features a three-part music video spanning 15 minutes, directed by Shaun Silva. In it, actor Luke Benward plays a man who is injured in a car accident. Silva said that he was inspired by the video for "What Hurts the Most" by Rascal Flatts, which he also directed.

Answer this question based on the passage: who is in jason aldean you make it easy video?
A: Luke Benward. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: In it, actor Luke Benward plays a man who is injured in a car accident.

Q: Four girls, Addie Mae Collins (age 14, born April 18, 1949), Carol Denise McNair (age 11, born November 17, 1951), Carole Robertson (age 14, born April 24, 1949), and Cynthia Wesley (age 14, born April 30, 1949), were killed in the attack. The explosion was so intense that one of the girls' bodies was decapitated and so badly mutilated in the explosion that her body could only be identified through her clothing and a ring, whereas another victim had been killed by a piece of mortar embedded in her skull. All four girls were pronounced dead on arrival at the Hillman Emergency Clinic. The then-pastor of the church, the Reverend John Cross, would recollect in 2001 that the girls' bodies were subsequently found "stacked on top of each other, clung together".

Answer this question: who died in the 16th street baptist church bombing?
A: Addie Mae Collins. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: Four girls, Addie Mae Collins (age 14, born April 18, 1949), Carol Denise McNair (age 11, born November 17, 1951), Carole Robertson (age 14, born April 24, 1949), and Cynthia Wesley (age 14, born April 30, 1949), were killed in the attack.

Q: Carlos Alan Autry Jr. (also known for a period of time as Carlos Brown; born July 31, 1952), is an American actor, politician, and former National Football League player. During his brief football career, he was known as Carlos Brown. He played the role of Captain Bubba Skinner on the NBC television series, In the Heat of the Night, starring Carroll O'Connor. He has also appeared in films and other television shows. In November 2000, he was elected mayor of Fresno, California, and served for two four-year terms through January 2009. In 2008, Autry was hosting a radio news talk show on KYNO AM 940 in Fresno, but left the station in 2011.

Based on this passage, who plays bubba in the heat of the night?
A: Carlos Alan Autry Jr.. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: He played the role of Captain Bubba Skinner on the NBC television series, In the Heat of the Night, starring Carroll O'Connor.

Q: "Message in a Bottle" is a song by English rock band The Police. It was released as the lead single from their second studio album, Reggatta de Blanc (1979). Written by the band's lead singer and bassist Sting, the song is ostensibly about a story of a castaway on an island, who sends out a message in a bottle to seek love. A year later, he has not received any sort of response, and despairs, thinking he is destined to be alone. The next day, he sees "a hundred billion bottles" on the shore, finding out that there are more people like him out there.

Based on this passage, who sings the song message in a bottle?
A: