Ques & Ans: Context: Daniel J Whiston (born 21 November 1976 in Blackpool) is an English ice skater. He appeared in Strictly Ice Dancing on BBC One and all series of ITV show Dancing on Ice. He won the first series of Dancing on Ice while partnering actress Gaynor Faye, the fifth series with former Emmerdale actress Hayley Tamaddon and the eighth series with Olympic artistic gymnast, Beth Tweddle.

Question: who did dan win dancing on ice with?
actress Gaynor Faye
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: He won the first series of Dancing on Ice while partnering actress Gaynor Faye, the fifth series with former Emmerdale actress Hayley Tamaddon and the eighth series with Olympic artistic gymnast, Beth Tweddle.

Ques & Ans: The National Security Resources Board was a United States government agency created by the National Security Act of 1947 whose purpose was to advise the President, in times of war, on how to mobilize natural resources, manpower, and the scientific establishment to meet the demands of the Department of Defense.

What was the purpose of the national resources planning board?
to advise the President , in times of war , on how to mobilize natural resources , manpower , and the scientific establishment to meet the demands of the Department of Defense
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information to answer the above question is: The National Security Resources Board was a United States government agency created by the National Security Act of 1947 whose purpose was to advise the President, in times of war, on how to mobilize natural resources, manpower, and the scientific establishment to meet the demands of the Department of Defense.

Ques & Ans: The mucosa is the innermost layer of the gastrointestinal tract. It surrounds the lumen of the tract, and comes into direct contact with digested food (chyme). The mucosa itself is made up of three layers:

Based on this passage, which layer of the digestive tract is in direct contact with digested food?
mucosa
Stream of consciousness: To answer the question, consider the following: It surrounds the lumen of the tract, and comes into direct contact with digested food (chyme).

Ques & Ans: They both appeared in I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus and Just for Kicks, both of which were family films that received a direct-to-video release. David Nusair of Reel Film Reviews said of their acting in Just for Kicks that the brothers "are n't the worst child actors I've ever seen, ... but they certainly leave a lot to be desired." Dylan and Cole were later cast in the Disney Channel original series The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, where they portrayed identical twins Zack and Cody Martin, respectively. The series, which debuted in March 2005, became a ratings success. As part of their involvement with Disney, the brothers also became part of the 11-member group, the Disney Channel Circle of Stars, and sang the song "A Dream is a Wish Your Heart Makes" along with the members of the circle, for a video that was released as bonus material in the special edition version of the Disney film Cinderella. They also participated in the Disney Channel Games.

Who did cole play in zack and cody?
Cody
Stream of consciousness: