Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Bianca London. PUBLISHED:. 10:02 EST, 8 January 2014. |. UPDATED:. 16:15 EST, 8 January 2014. It's the final day of London Collections: Men and they really have saved the best until last. The hotly anticipated Burberry Prorsum AW14 menswear show took place in Hyde Park this afternoon and it didn't disappoint. Christopher Bailey showed us exactly how men should be dressing this season with silk scarves, shearling jackets and muted tones perfectly capturing the romantic elegance of British craftwork. Scroll down for video. Hot ticket: Models walk the runway at the Burberry AW14 Menswear Show at Kensington Gardens - one of the most anticipated shows of the week. He's done it again! Christopher Bailey pulled another stellar show out of the bag, check out those man bags! Watched by the likes of Dermot O'Leary, Nick Grimshaw, Suki Waterhouse and Paloma Faith, Burberry unveiled a collection replete with William Morris florals in moody hues of navy and mauve, soft flowing silk scarves along with some seriously oversized man bags. In a nod to the luxury. label's British heritage, many of the pieces were emblazoned with iconic London imagery, such as the skyline and maps of city streets. Everything is going oversized: There were geometric blanket scarves and a relaxed slouchy aesthetic to some of the outerwear. Cosy: Bailey confirmed that the teddy bear coat is hot property for AW13 and it seems the bigger the better when it comes to accessories. Many pieces were produced using UK tie. looms and the traditional horse blanket jacquard was woven in Scotland, a place close to Bailey's heart. We've seen plenty of them on the catwalks this season and Bailey confirmed that the teddy bear coat is hot property for AW13. There were also gorgeous, chunky knits in rich navy's and dark emerald greens, geometric blanket scarves, and a very relaxed slouchy aesthetic to some of the outerwear. Less successful were the mesh tops. 'String vests aside, #Burberry #AW14 is one of my faves, I love the arts & craft movement influences in the prints and the blanket bags,' mused one audience member. The show comes hot on the heels of the brand's unveiling of its SS14 campaign starring a young British cast. made up of the likes. of actor Jamie Campbell Bower, musician Leo Dobson and model Malaika. Firth. Under the creative. direction of Christopher Bailey, the campaign, which was shot by fashion. favourite Mario Testino, reflects the gentle and romantic feel of the. Burberry Spring/Summer 2014 collection. Taking note? Callum Turner, Dermot O'Leary, Chen Kun, Nick Grimshaw and George Barnett occupied the star-studded front row. Dare to wear: The string vest tops were less successful and didn't go down too well with the Twittersphere. Heritage: Many pieces were produced using UK tie looms and the traditional horse blanket jacquard was woven in Scotland, a place close to Bailey's heart (far right) Famous faces: Nick Grimshaw, who has been the poster boy for London Collections: Men, was joined by Dermot O'Leary and model David Gandy on the front row. Fashion fans: Tinie Tempah, Paloma Faith and model Suki Waterhouse, who is a close friend of the brand, also made an appearance.