By. Lydia Warren. The three-year-old son of a missing teacher told investigators that he hasn't seen her since her live-in boyfriend 'kicked mommy's butt and made her cry', it has emerged. The boy was interviewed by investigators looking for his mother, 31-year-old Bianca Tanner, who vanished on June 7 after moving in with her boyfriend, Angelo Smith, in Charlotte, North Carolina. 'Mommy got a spanking with the belt,' the little boy told police during an interview after she vanished, according to warrants shared with WSOCTV. 'Angelo kicked mommy’s butt and made her cry.' He added: 'Angelo is mean to mommy and hurt mommy in the face,' the warrant states. Missing: Bianca Turner, 31, vanished on June 7 after a row with her boyfriend, he told authorities. Smith reported her missing on June 8 - just days before she was about to start a new job with Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools - and said they had got into an argument over a text message. He said that, following the row, she left the apartment drunk and carrying a bag with her. On Thursday, Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Rodney Monroe said they were now treating the case as a homicide investigation because some witnesses had not been truthful, WSOCTV reported. In addition, Tanner's ex-husband told police they share a joint bank account and said there has been no activity on the debit card linked to the account. Witness: Her three-year-old son told authorities that the boyfriend hit her with a belt and hurt her face. The search warrant added that police are looking for a belt or paddle, cellphones, clothes worn by Tanner during an assault, evidence of blood, hairs and other bodily fluids, the channel reported. During a search, police did find a Dell laptop, a white Apple iPhone, two notebooks, a black zipper pouch with an empty magazine, a Captain Morgan bottle, two torn photographs from the trash inside and a gold-post earring and the back in the trash, the warrant revealed. Detectives added that Smith had began deleting information from his phone before an interview with police, during which they were going to check the device, the warrant said. Smith also had an outstanding warrant for domestic battery out of Arkansas after his then-girlfriend reported that he 'threw her onto the bed and covered her face, both mouth and nose, with his hand, smothering her', investigators said. Apartment: Tanner moved in with her boyfriend to this Charlotte apartment just 2 weeks before she vanished. Search: Investigators say they are treating it as a homicide case but have not yet named any suspects. But Smith has not been named a suspect in the case. Despite police saying they believed she was killed, friends and family are not giving up - and posted fliers around the town and knocked on doors in the search for information. 'It’s just tearing us apart,' her sister, Cerise Richardson, told reporters, the Charlotte Observer reported. 'Every night, her son is crying for her. He wants his mommy.' Tanner had moved to Charlotte in late May from Greensboro, where she taught second grade at Reedy Fork Elementary School. She was also working on a doctoral degree in education administration. See below for video.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: