In town for a friends wedding.  Checked in on a Saturday around noon.  About a 20 minute wait for that.  The room DID look exactly like the one in the picture.  Exactly, in fact.  King sized bed (pretty comfy), flat screen tv, REALLY cheap and ugly pink/black furry.....thing and all.  Didn't really appreciate the ghetto tagging etched into the window.  But that was small and easy to ignore.  And we really loved how centrally located the Flamingo is on the strip.  The Paris and Caesar's are a short walk away (well, "short" in Vegas terms).  We were enjoying our stay and the casino (did really well at Black Jack and the dealer - his name was T.G. - was alot of fun!!).  Had breakfast at the Paradise Buffet on Sunday morning.  You pay for the buffet up front and input your tip (kind of weird to tip before you've had your meal).  I input $6.00 as the tip.  The girl at the register mistakenly input $600.00!!!  No problem, though, she caught the mistake herself and said she would fix it.  Midway through our breakfast, she brought us a new receipt showing the corrections.  Cool.  Next morning, we want to check out.  So we go to the handy dandy "Express Checkout" function on our TV.  I've done this many times at many hotels.  We go through the whole process only for the TV to tell us the "Express Checkout" is not working.  Great.  So we go to the Lobby and head for the Registration Desk.  The line is huge.  And, yes, there were only 3 people at the Registration Desk.  Someone else here commented that they have WAAAY to few people working the desk for a property of this size.  And they are absolutely right.  And the 3 people that were working were so SLOOOOOOW!!!  After awhile, and realiziing we were going to be late for our flight, my partner noticed one of those old fashioned express checkout boxes where you fill out the card, drop your keys and the card in the box and you're on your way.  Fine.  Did it.  Done.  Rushing to the taxi stand, we notice there are about 6 people ahead of us.  And no taxis waiting.  No taxis.  None.  At a Las Vegas hotel.  In the center of The Strip.  The "helpful" taxi attendant said that the hotel shuttle was right around the corner and waiting and it's only $7.00.  We were pressed for time and couldn't afford to go to 6 different hotels to pick up more people (we took the shuttle from the airport to the Flamingo and stopped at 7 properties before they dropped us a block from the hotel entrance - they said it was due to construction but, it's funny, to pick people up, they pulled right up to the door).  So, we told him no, thanks.  We'll wait for a cab.  He says, "Ok, gonna be awhile."  And walks away.  5 minutes later, the shuttle leaves the property.  And wouldn't you know it, as soon as the shuttle leaves, taxi after taxi after taxi showed up like the Flamingo was the only resort in town.  That got me so mad I couldn't stand it!!  What a scam!!!  The taxi ride only cost $15.00, with tip!  So, outside of the Flamingo's influence, the flight home was fine.    Except when I looked at my bank statement today.  Guess what $600.00 charge went through??  The torment continues.
How would this review be described in terms of sentiment?
Options:
 (1). negative;
 (2). positive;