Write highlights for this article:

A court has heard Rina Khan lost her temper and called the pupil a 'muppet' after he got a question wrong and hit him over the head with a ruler. A primary school teacher hit a boy of six over the head with a ruler so hard it snapped in half, a court heard yesterday. Rina Khan, 41, is accused of calling the child a 'muppet' and hitting him for getting a question wrong. A teaching assistant said part of the ruler 'flew across the room' after the incident on March 20, which left the boy 'sad and scared'. Khan, a full-time teacher for two-and-a-half years who has also worked with the disabled, denies child cruelty and common assault. Prosecutor Peter Arnold said she had been teaching Year Two maths with assistant Joanna Fleary. He said: 'She was having problems with him. Khan was standing behind the youngster when he got a question wrong. The defendant was upset about that and the long and short of it is that she had a plastic ruler in her hand and she hit the boy on the top of his head and the ruler broke. 'What she did was unlawful.' When asked about the incident, the boy said that it had hurt and made him 'sad and scared'. Miss Fleary said she heard Khan, from Smethwick, West Midlands, shouting increasingly loudly. She added: 'I looked up again and a piece of ruler flew across the room.' She said she put a compress on the boy's head, and added that Khan later admitted she had not meant to hit so hard. Khan wept as she told Birmingham Crown Court she loved her pupils at the school, which cannot be named for legal reasons, and denied mistreating them. She said: 'The boy was being really quite disruptive with the pupils next to him. He kept poking a sharp pencil into their arms and he was really reluctant to do his own work. 'He kept doing the same thing. He poked the girl next to him in the arm with the pencil and was pulling faces at her.' Khan claimed she repeatedly told him to stop, but he persisted. 'I turned around. I had to stop him. I have a duty of care to all my pupils. I had a ruler in my hand at that time because I was drawing lines for a pupil and I turned around and simply tapped him on the head.' She said that she was 'really really shocked' that it broke. 'I don't think I used any force. It was just a tap. Those rulers at the school have been known to break.' Birmingham Crown Court (pictured) heard the teacher denies the charges of child cruelty and assault. Khan said she asked the boy if he was hurt and he said no. 'I checked his head for any bruises or bumps. There weren't any. I offered to get medical assistance, but he was OK. 'I did not hit him. If I had hit him, the children would have been frightened. They were not.' She added: 'I did call him a muppet but [not] on that day. I used that word with my children sometimes but as a term of affection, just like The Muppet Show.' Tom Walkling, defending, asked the court: 'Is tapping a naughty boy on the head with a ruler really a criminal assault? Do we want to live in a world where teachers are so afraid of being prosecuted in a criminal court that they are wary of any contact with the children in their care?' The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.