Please briefly summarize this news article:

Gory 'NeverDead' is one ridiculous romp

After spending a few days playing Konami's "NeverDead," I couldn't help but think video game makers are running out of ideas — or at least good ones.

That's because the protagonist in this aptly-named game is an immortal demon hunter with a unique ability: He can be ripped apart and then must hop or roll around to reattach his body again. In fact, his rolling head can be used to solve puzzles, such as squeezing into tight spaces, before rejoining his torso and limbs when the job is done.

Not only is this over-the-top Japanese-made adventure just ridiculous, the execution — if you can pardon the pun — is as faulty as the premise.

The convoluted story starts 500 years ago when our hero Bryce Boltzmann is cursed with immortality by a bizarre demon king named Astaroth. Fast-forward to today and Boltzmann is a bitter mercenary-for-hire, who has watched his loved ones die for centuries. He exacts revenge by hunting demons — and makes some serious cash on the side, too. Boltzmann fights alongside a sexy female fighter, Arcadia — a mortal who can succumb to her injuries.

Using a number of weapons including automatic machine guns and a katana sword, this third-person game has you shooting and slashing increasingly weird demons, solving a few environmental puzzles and unlocking new areas to continue the fight. Not only is Boltzmann unable to die, he can still survive without his head — er, unless it's eaten. While clearly campy, this game mechanic doesn't work well because just as you're frantically trying to regroup your body parts you're torn apart again by the vicious demons. This makes for a frustrating experience.

It's too bad, because the swordplay can be quite fun at times. The right analog stick on the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 controller moves your blade through the sharp-toothed enemies approaching you from all sides.

The camera angles are also an issue as you can't always see your character clearly, or the body parts you need to find. Plus, the game tends to slow down when there's a lot of action onscreen at the same time. Boss fights are also problematic as many regain their health before you can finish them off.

At times you won't know where to go next, unless Arcadia stares at a door and waits for you to figure it out; you're supposed to press down on the game controller's d-pad to get a hint on where to go next, but this only works about a quarter of the time. The indoor and outdoor environments are repetitive and unimaginatively designed.

As you can see, there are some issues with the game, which offers both a single-player campaign and online options for both cooperative (co-op) and head-to-head play (again, pardon the pun).

On one hand, the bloody and gory "NeverDead" is certainly unique thanks to its body dismemberment feature, but its numerous shortcomings — which could've been addressed with more time and polish — mean it's not worth your time or money. If you're intrigued by its silly premise and want to give it a spin, rent it for the weekend or wait until the game ends up in the bargain bin. It won't be long.

Platform: Microsoft Xbox 360, Sony PlayStation 3

Score: 2.0 stars (out of 4)