Information:  - A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city. The size definition for what constitutes a "town" varies considerably in different parts of the world.  - Lower Austria (; ) is the northeasternmost state of the nine states in Austria. The capital of Lower Austria since 1986 is Sankt Pölten, the most recently designated capital town in Austria. The capital of Lower Austria had formerly been Vienna, even though Vienna has not officially been part of Lower Austria since 1921. With a land area of and a population of 1.612 million people, it is the largest state in Austria, and in terms of population second only to the federal state of Vienna.  - Graz is the capital of Styria and second-largest city in Austria after Vienna. On 1 January 2017, it had a population of 320,587 (of which 286,686 had principal residence status). In 2014, the population of the Graz Larger Urban Zone who had principal residence status stood at 605,143.  - Upper Austria (; Austro-Bavarian: "Obaöstarreich") is one of the nine states or "Bundesländer" of Austria. Its capital is Linz. Upper Austria borders on Germany and the Czech Republic, as well as on the other Austrian states of Lower Austria, Styria, and Salzburg. With an area of and 1.437 million inhabitants, Upper Austria is the fourth-largest Austrian state by land area and the third-largest by population.  - Murau is a town in the western part of the Austrian federal state of Styria. It is the administrative seat of Murau District.  - Slovenia, officially the Republic of Slovenia (Slovene: , abbr.: "RS"), is a nation state in southern Central Europe, located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes. It is bordered by Italy to the west, Austria to the north, Hungary to the northeast, Croatia to the south and southeast, and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest. It covers and has a population of 2.06 million. It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations, European Union, and NATO. The capital and largest city is Ljubljana.  - Bezirk Murau is a district of the state of Styria in Austria. Since the 2015 Styria municipal structural reform, it consists of the following municipalities: Municipalities before 2015. Suburbs, hamlets and other subdivisions of a municipality are indicated in .  - Styria (, Slovene/) is a state or "Bundesland", located in the southeast of Austria. In area it is the second largest of the nine Austrian federated states, covering . It borders Slovenia and the Austrian states of Upper Austria, Lower Austria, Salzburg, Burgenland, and Carinthia. The population (as of ) was . The capital city is Graz which had 276,526 inhabitants at the beginning of 2015.  - Ranten is a municipality in the district of Murau in Styria , Austria .  - Burgenland (; ) is the easternmost and least populous state of Austria. It consists of two statutory cities and seven rural districts, with in total 171 municipalities. It is long from north to south but much narrower from west to east (wide at Sieggraben). The region is part of the Centrope Project.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'.
Answer: