News article: No easy road: Watkins Glen has been rough on drivers in the past

Michael McDowell, driver of the No. 95 K-Love Ford, and Ryan Newman, driver of the No. 31 Caterpillar Chevrolet, are involved in an on-track incident during the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Cheez-It 355 at Watkins Glen International on Aug. 10, 2014 in Watkins Glen, New York. The incident caused a red-flag period for repairs to a section of armco barrier. Photo: Jonathan Ferrey

Michael McDowell's No. 95 K-Love Ford comes to a rest after he and Ryan Newman's No. 31 Caterpillar Chevrolet were involved in an on-track incident during the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Cheez-It 355 at Watkins Glen International on Aug. 10, 2014. Photo: Tom Pennington

Denny Hamlin crashes the No. 11 FedEx Ground Toyota hard into the tire barrier after an incident in the Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips at the Glen at Watkins Glen International on Aug. 15, 2011 Photo: Jeff Zelevansky

Kyle Busch, driver of the No. 18 M&M's Toyota spins while leading after contact from Brad Keselowski's No. 2 Miller Lite Dodge on the final lap. Keselowski and Marcos Ambrose, driver of the No. 9 Stanley Ford would battle hard over the final lap with Ambrose winning the Finger Lakes 355 at the Glen at Watkins Glen International on Aug. 12, 2012. Photo: Jerry Markland

David Reutimann's No. 00 Aaron's Dream Machine Toyota comes to a rest after flipping into the air and making hard contact with the wall after an incident in the Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips at the Glen on Aug. 15, 2011. Photo: Jeff Zelevansky

David Ragan's No. 6 UPS Ford sits on the track after a crash with David Reutimann and others in the Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips at the Glen at Watkins Glen International on Aug. 15, 2011. Photo: Jeff Zelevansky

During the 2009 Heluva Good! Sour Cream Dips at The Glen Sam Hornish Jr.'s No. 77 Dodge was pushed off course by Kasey Kahne, hitting the tire barriers and spinning wildly across the track. Jeff Gordon's No. 24 Chevrolet hit Hornish's car before making hard contact with the Armco barrier. Jeff Burton was also involved.

Safety officials check on Billy Johnson, driver of the No. 6 CitiFinancial Ford, Tony Raines, driver of the No. 34 Long John Silver's Chevrolet, and Brendan Gaughan, driver of the No. 62 South Point Casino & Hotel Toyota, after a crash during the NASCAR Nationwide (now XFINITY) Series Zippo 200 at Watkins Glen International on Aug. 7, 2010. Photo: Jeff Zelevansky

Several cars are involved in a multi-car incident near the end of the Centurion Boats at the Glen on Aug. 10, 2008. The incident occurred when Michael McDowell and David Gilliland made contact off the final corner sending Gilliland's car into the barrier. Gilliland was sent across the track as other cars piled in. Photo: Todd Warshaw

Styrofoam is sent flying after Jimmie Johnson plowed into the wall during a NASCAR Busch (now XFINITY) Series race at Watkins Glen International on June 25, 2000. Something on Johnson's car broke, sending it through the grass and flying over the gravel trap before hitting the wall head on. The future Sprint Cup champion climbed from his car and raised his hands in the air, thankful to be uninjured.
What are the most important parts of this news article?