Information:  - Nikolas Nicolaou ( Greek :   ; born May 10 , 1979 in Nicosia ) is a Cypriot football defender , who is plays for Olympiakos Nicosia . He is the captain of Olympiakos Nicosia and also assistant manager of the club . For the year 2013 - 2014 , he was voted as one of the best defenders in the Cypriot Second Division B1 .  - The Pedieos (also Pediaios or Pediaeus or Pithkias; Greek: /, Turkish: "Kanl Dere") is the longest river in Cyprus. The river originates in the Troodos Mountains close to Machairas Monastery and flows northeast across the Mesaoria plains, through the capital city Nicosia. It then steers east, meeting the sea at Famagusta Bay close to the ancient Greek city of Salamis.  - The Cyprus Football Association (CFA) is the governing body of football in Cyprus and is based in Nicosia. It organizes the football championships, whose top league is the Cypriot First Division. It also organizes the Cypriot Cup, the Cypriot Super Cup and the Cypriot national football team. Cyprus Football Association is also responsible for organizing all the futsal competitions, like the Cypriot Futsal league, the Cypriot Futsal Cup and the Cypriot Futsal Super Cup.  - Cyprus , officially the Republic of Cyprus, is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean and the third largest and third most populous island in the Mediterranean. It is located south of Turkey, west of Syria and Lebanon, northwest of Israel and Palestine, north of Egypt, and southeast of Greece.  - Olympiakos Nicosia ("Olympiakos Lefkosias") is a football club based in Nicosia, Cyprus and competes in the Cypriot Second Division. The club was founded in 1931. It is a founding member of the Cyprus Football Association. The club colors are black and green. Olympiakos's home ground is the New GSP Stadium of 23,400 seat capacity. The team's main nickname is "mavroprasini" -the green blacks, the club's other nickname is Taktakalas from the area in Nicosia where the club hails.  - Nicosia (is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.  - The Cypriot Second Division is the second tier football league competition in Cyprus, run by the Cyprus Football Association. Each year, the top finishing teams of the league are promoted to the Cypriot First Division, and the lowest finishing teams are relegated to the Cypriot Third Division.  - The Pancyprian Gymnastic Association Stadium (GSP Stadium) is a football stadium in Nicosia, Cyprus. Although small by international standards, it is the largest stadium in Cyprus, with a capacity of 22,859 and was opened in 1999. It serves as the home stadium for the two Nicosia's biggest clubs APOEL and Omonia. It is also the home stadium of the Cyprus national football team. A stadium under the same name, the old GSP Stadium, existed from 1902 until 1999 in the centre of Nicosia and had a capacity of 12,000.  - The Mesaoria is a broad, sweeping plain which makes up the north centre of the island of Cyprus.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'nikolas nicolaou' with the relationship of 'country of citizenship'.  Choices: - cyprus  - israel  - syria  - turkey
A: