Article:The papers quote Chancellor Angela Merkel's remarks that Germany is willing to receive the refugees.
Munich's Sueddeutsche Zeitung headlines with "Germany is a land of hope", the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung has "Merkel: Share responsibility for refugees", while Berlin's Der Tagesspiegel highlights Merkel promising "We'll get it done".
Germany's decision to take up to 800,000 migrants receives praise in Austrian papers.
"It's a great humanitarian gesture," writes Oliver Pink in Die Presse.
Paul Lendvai in Vienna's Der Standard agrees, saying that Germany will receive almost 45% of all applications for asylum.
But both writers also demand that other EU countries, notably those newer members in post-communist eastern Europe, should do more to help tackle the crisis.
"European solidarity now means not leaving the Germans alone", writes Pink.
It is a topic taken up with usual directness by Germany's Bild tabloid.
Headlining his piece "Europe's shirkers", Dirk Hoeren accuses five EU heads of government of "taking far fewer refugees than they could".
A graphic has UK Prime Minister David Cameron in the middle of the group, surrounded by France's Francois Hollande, Italy's Matteo Renzi, Lithuania's Dalia Grybauskaite and Slovakia's Robert Fico.
Christoph B Schiltz in Berlin's Die Welt adopts a more measured tone.
"The EU has become a club of egoists" is the title of his opinion piece.
"Everyone only thinks of themselves in the European Union," he writes and urges Angela Merkel to "remind the east European governments of their responsibility".
"She must loudly condemn people such as David Cameron who use words such as 'swarm' for the refugees," he adds.
Papers in Serbia, which many of the refugees travel through, also highlight the crisis. Belgrade's Politika sees "a helpless Europe struggling with a stream of migrants".
Vecernje Novosti carries large headlines - "Migrants crisis assumes new dimension" and "Europe reintroducing borders over migrants" - accompanied by a picture of a long queue of lorries heading to Austria.
The story is also gaining increasing attention in the Middle East.
Mansur al-Jamri, in Bahrain's opposition daily al-Wasat, laments the inaction of Arab countries to stop the exodus in the first place.
"How long will we watch people fleeing their countries to Europe for?" he wonders.
Ruzana Bumunsif, writing in Lebanon's al-Nahar, blames the refugee crisis and its "dangerous repercussions" on the West and its failure to put an end to the Syrian conflict.
In Russia, pro-Kremlin dailies argue that the EU is only reaping what US "geo-political ambitions" have sown.
Yevgeny Shestakov, writing in Rossiyskaya Gazeta, says Washington has "made considerable efforts to create a 'controllable chaos' on Europe's doorstep".
Yegor Kholmogorov in Izvestiya says "the 'deconstruction of authoritarian regimes' in the Middle East, organised by the US and the EU, has yielded no results, except for the collapse of that relatively unpretentious well-being, which, however, kept residents of these countries at home".
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.

A summary of the above article is?