Summarize this article in one sentence.

Duncan McCausland was arrested 18 months ago and was questioned for three days.  He has now been told he will not face any charges.
He said he volunteered to co-operate and complained that the decision to arrest him was disproportionate.
He also plans to lodge a formal complaint with the Police Ombudsman.
The former officer was one of seven men questioned in June 2014 about the awarding of police vehicle contracts.
He had strenuously denied any wrongdoing, and on Tuesday, his solicitor received a letter from the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) informing him that his client will not face any charges.
"This matter can be resolved very quickly in an easy way if Chief Constable George Hamilton, who I know personally, is prepared to offer his regrets for what happened," Mr McCausland told BBC Radio Ulster.
"But I have to consider everything because my reputation has been damaged."
He said the allegations against him were not founded on any evidence.
"The police have a unique power, which is to remove someone's liberty, and that should be as a last resort," he said.
"There was absolutely no need to remove my liberty or anyone else's liberty, because people were prepared to fully co-operate with the police."
Responding to Mr McCausland's remarks, the PSNI chief constable said he is "wholly content" with the way in which the police dealt with the case.
Welcoming the fact that the process had concluded, George Hamilton said he fully respected the direction made by the PPS.
"I am wholly content that the PSNI fulfilled their legal obligations in response to this investigation and reported all available evidence to the PPS," he said.
"I am also entirely satisfied with the integrity and professionalism of the investigation.
"Prosecutorial decisions are a matter for the PPS".
Detectives were investigating allegations of bribery and misconduct in public office in the awarding of contracts for police vehicles.
Mr McCausland had criticised his former employer for arresting him, because he had volunteered to assist the investigation.
The Public Prosecution Service said in its letter to Mr McCausland's solicitor that, based upon evidence currently available, the test for prosecution had not been met.
Mr McCausland was one of the most high profile PSNI officers before retiring in March 2011, under the Patten redundancy scheme.
The owner of one of Northern Ireland's largest car dealerships, who was also among the seven men questioned in 2014, has also been told he will not face any charges.
Terence Donnelly, of Donnelly Brothers, had always maintained that he would be completely exonerated in relation to all allegations arising from the investigation.
In a statement to the BBC, his solicitor said Mr Donnelly welcomed the decision by the PPS.
In April this year, a former PSNI officer who had gone on to lead an English police force was told he would not face charges as a result of the same investigation.
Mark Gilmore was suspended as chief constable of West Yorkshire Police in June 2014 after being questioned by the PSNI.
His suspension was lifted in May after the PPS informed him it would not be pressing charges.
However, he has not resumed his role as chief constable.

Summary: