Quick Question: This was the final film of Lean's career, and the first feature-film he had directed in fourteen years, since Ryan's Daughter in 1970. Receiving universal critical acclaim upon its release with many praising it as Lean's finest since Lawrence of Arabia, A Passage to India received eleven nominations at the Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Lean, and Best Actress for Judy Davis for her portrayal as Adela Quested. Peggy Ashcroft won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal as Mrs Moore, making her, at 77, the oldest actress to win the award, and Maurice Jarre won his third Academy Award for Best Original Score.

Actress awarded oscar mrs moore passage to india?
My answer: To answer the question, consider the following: Peggy Ashcroft won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal as Mrs Moore, making her, at 77, the oldest actress to win the award, and Maurice Jarre won his third Academy Award for Best Original Score. The answer is Peggy Ashcroft.

Quick Question: Context: Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye! (Russian: Славься, Отечество наше свободное!; Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye!, lit. "Be glorious, our free Fatherland!"), officially known as the "State Anthem of the Soviet Union" (Russian: Государственный гимн СССР, tr. Gosudarstvenny Gimn SSSR) was introduced during World War II on 15 March 1944, replacing The Internationale as the official anthem of the Soviet Union and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. The lyrics were written by Sergey Mikhalkov (1913 -- 2009) in collaboration with Gabriel El-Registan (1899 -- 1945) and the music was composed by Alexander Alexandrov (1883 -- 1946). Although the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991, its national anthem's melody continues to be used in the Russian Federation's national anthem, which has different lyrics to the version used in the Soviet Union.

Question: national anthem of the soviet union red army choir?
My answer: To answer the question, consider the following: Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye! (Russian: Славься, Отечество наше свободное!; Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye!, lit. "Be glorious, our free Fatherland!"), officially known as the "State Anthem of the Soviet Union" (Russian: Государственный гимн СССР, tr. Gosudarstvenny Gimn SSSR) was introduced during World War II on 15 March 1944, replacing The Internationale as the official anthem of the Soviet Union and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. The answer is Slav'sya , Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye !.

Quick Question: Queen Elizabeth II is the sovereign, and her heir apparent is her eldest son, Charles, Prince of Wales. Next in line after him is Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, the Prince of Wales's elder son. Third in line is Prince George, the son of the Duke of Cambridge, followed by his sister, Princess Charlotte. Fifth in line is Prince Henry of Wales, the younger son of the Prince of Wales. Sixth in line is Prince Andrew, Duke of York, the Queen's second-eldest son. Any of the first six in line marrying without the sovereign's consent would be disqualified from succession.

Answer this question: who is next in line for monarch of england?
My answer: