Question: Information:  - The University of Illinois is a system of public universities in Illinois consisting of three universities: UrbanaChampaign, Chicago, and Springfield. Across its three universities, the University of Illinois System enrolls more than 80,000 students. It had an operating budget of $5.6 billion in 2015. System. The University of Illinois System of universities comprises three universities in the U.S. state of Illinois: UrbanaChampaign, Chicago, and Springfield. The university in UrbanaChampaign is known as "Illinois", "U of I", or UIUC, whereas the Chicago campus is known as UIC and the Springfield campus as "UIS."  - A university press is an academic publishing house specializing in academic monographs and scholarly journals. Most are nonprofit and an integral component of a large research university. They publish work that has been reviewed by scholars in the field. They produce mainly scholarly works, but also often have "popular" titles, such as books on religion or on regional topics. Because scholarly books are mostly unprofitable, university presses may also publish textbooks and reference works, which tend to have larger audiences and sell more copies. Most university presses operate at a loss and are subsidized by their owners; others are required to break even. Demand has fallen as library budgets are cut and the online sales of used books undercut the new book market. Many presses are experimenting with electronic publishing.  - George Abram Miller ( 31 July 1863 -- 10 February 1951 ) was an early group theorist whose many papers and texts were considered important by his contemporaries , but are now mostly considered only of historical importance . Much of his work consisted of classifying groups satisfying some condition , such as having a small number of prime divisors or small order or having a small permutation representation . Some of his published results were wrong : in 1898 he claimed incorrectly that the Mathieu group M24 did not exist , and in 1930 he published a list of groups of order 64 with many errors in it . He was president of the Mathematical Association of America 1921 -- 1922 . Miller 's Collected Works were edited by Henry Roy Brahana and published by University of Illinois Press , the first two volumes appearing in 1935 and 1939 . The final three volumes were published in 1946 , 1955 , and 1959 . His doctoral students include H. L. Rietz .  - The University of Illinois Press (UIP) is a major American university press and is part of the University of Illinois system. Founded in 1918, the press publishes some 120 new books each year, plus 33 scholarly journals, and several electronic projects. Strengths include ethnic and multicultural studies, Lincoln and Illinois history, and the large and diverse series "Music in American Life." One of the books reviewed is Richard Kimball's "Sports in Zion: Mormon Recreation 1890-1940". It was then published by the University of Illinois Press. Its publication "Four Theories of the Press" (see comparing media systems) by Fred S. Siebert, Theodore Peterson, and Wilbur Schramm has gone through more than twenty printings.    What entity does 'george abram miller' has the relation 'place of death' with?
Answer: