These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. ||||| Major Fish Tank Disaster at Texas State Aquarium Posted: Wednesday, April 15, 2015 12:37 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, April 22, 2015 7:31 PM EDT Posted:Updated: 
  
 3News confirmed Wednesday morning that all of the animals inside of the Islands of Steel exhibit tank at the Texas State Aquarium, with the exception of two, are dead. 
  
  
  
 Aquarium representatives said they were trying to treat a parasite that they had detected in the tank. When they added medicine to the water, they believe it may have caused a bad reaction in the animals. 
  
  
  
 The treatment they used is commonly used at other Aquariums, and was tested beforehand in a smaller thank with no adverse reactions. 
  
  
  
 Late Tuesday night, workers noticed that the fish were dying. More workers were called in to try and save the animals in that exhibit, but most could not be saved. 
  
  
  
 Aquarium representatives said that the incident affected the Islands of Steel, Flower Gardens and Lionfish exhibits. They are sending the water to be tested to find out what it is that killed the fish. 
  
  
  
 Admission to the Aquarium is $5 off for adults and $3 off for children. 
  
  ||||| Get a breathtaking underwater view of a habitat formed around an oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico. 
  
 At 125,000 gallons, Islands of Steel is our largest indoor exhibit, and it represents an underwater view of the habitat formed around an oil platform. In the past, when oil and gas companies were finished with a platform, they would dismantle it and unknowingly destroy the habitat. Now that we know the importance of these new habitats, companies have joined the Rigs to Reefs program. They will dismantle only the oil rig and leave the oil platform, therefore preserving the habitat that had formed under the surface. 
  
 All of the animals in Islands of Steel can be found around an oil platform in the Gulf of Mexico: nurse sharks, green moray eels, spadefish, amberjack, tarpon, grouper, and even a sand tiger shark. ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?