Summarize:

For addicts who have been consuming drugs for a long period of time, it is extra difficult for them to get over the bad habit, so they often seek medical help. There are different drugs that help in giving the same feel of weed but cause less harm to the body. These drugs help in minimizing the cravings and eventually help the person become completely sober. Nicotine medicines, patches and gums are available in stores and can be bought without prescription. Nicotine helps in making the cravings less severe and reduces feelings of irritability and headache that you might face during withdrawal.  Chewing a gum after every 2 hours when you’re awake helps in minimizing the cravings. If you are using 4 mg gums, make sure you don’t chew more than 20 gums per day or if using 3 mg, then not more than 30 pieces of gum per day. A patch should be changed after every 16 or 24 hours and the dosage you need depends on your level of addiction. It can be taken off while sleeping and put right back as soon as you wake up. It does cause a little soreness on the area it was patched so it is advisable to change areas every time. Make sure you do not completely rely on these medications (and other substances, like alcohol) as they are addictive in nature, too. The doses should be cut back with time, which will serve the right purpose of using them in the first place! These nicotine replacements should not be used if you have not completely quit smoking as the combination comes with serious problems. There are other non-nicotine medicines that are gained by prescription of a doctor. These are usually Xanax, Zyban, Wellbutrin, Wellbutrin SR and Wellbutrin XL and Varenicline. These medicines tell the brain to stop craving for the drug if taken in the right amount. However, they do require a prescription from your doctor.  Most of these help with depression symptoms and may cause agitation, frustration and unusual behavior at times. If you think there is a negative change (more than just a normal feeling that you might be feeling temporarily) then it is best to talk to your doctor as the dosage might not be suiting you. The process of quitting drugs comes hand in hand with major mood swings, depression and frustration. Don’t let these temporary mood disorders get you! Having low self-esteem and recoiling on yourself is normal as you have been trying to struggle against your desires. Have faith and make sure you keep reminding yourself that you are better than this. Because you are!  Talk to yourself out loud in front of the mirror and tell that image in front of you that you are a beautiful, strong person who has the strength to overcome this obstacle. And if you think you are less of a talker and more of a writer, grab a diary and start writing it all down. In fact, keep a diary of your entire process. Keep that journal someplace visible, so that you are constantly reminded of how well you are doing and thus are positively motivated to keep up the good work.  One day when you will able to come over your addiction, you will read that diary and think of all the sufferings that you have overcome with your strength. That will be one beautiful moment of pure contentment for your moral later in life or upcoming crises.