Known as a family-oriented seaside resort, Ocean City has prohibited the sale of alcoholic beverages within its limits since its founding in 1879, offering miles of guarded beaches, a boardwalk that stretches for 2.5 miles (4.0 km), and a downtown shopping and dining district.

How many miles is ocean city nj boardwalk? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: Known as a family-oriented seaside resort, Ocean City has prohibited the sale of alcoholic beverages within its limits since its founding in 1879, offering miles of guarded beaches, a boardwalk that stretches for 2.5 miles (4.0 km), and a downtown shopping and dining district.... The answer is 2.5 miles.


Passage: The film begins with two Indian agents working under Ranvir Singh (Manoj Bajpai) chasing an international arms dealer Mikhail (Prithviraj Sukumaran), who has been on the radar of several intelligence agencies, but instead he kills them both and escapes. A year later Shabana Khan (Taapsee Pannu) a college student who is also a Judo fighter is being followed by Indian agency as a potential recruit. One of Shabana's friends, Jai (Taher Shabbir Mithaiwala) who likes Shabana, and always tries to hit on her, asks her on a date a day before his birthday, she agrees to go with him on the date and there he confesses his love for her. During the date he asks her about her past, and Shabana tells him that she had been kept in a juvenile detention institution for killing her abusive father who used to physically assault her mother. During their bike ride home Shabana is a victim of eve teasing from a group of four drunk men in a Jeep, with the exchange turning into a physical altercation resulting in Jai getting killed and the assailants running away. Soon after, Shabana receives a call from an unknown number asking if she wants to avenge her lover's death. The unknown caller agrees to help her terminate the killer in exchange for Shabana joining a secret agency. Shabana agrees to this and accordingly receives information on the killer's whereabouts, and the agents aid her in killing them. Shabana then goes to Goa, to the same hotel where the main culprit who killed Jai was staying. As instructed, Shabana enters his room killing him and later escapes with the help of Ajay Singh (Akshay Kumar). The unknown caller is then revealed to be agent Ranvir Singh.

Question: Based on this passage, what is the role of akshay kumar in naam shabana? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information is: As instructed, Shabana enters his room killing him and later escapes with the help of Ajay Singh (Akshay Kumar).... The answer is Ajay Singh.


Passage: In the emblem adopted by Madhav Sawhney in 1950, only three lions are visible, the fourth being hidden from view. The wheel appears in relief in the centre of the abacus, with a bull on the right and a galloping horse on the left, and outlines of Dharma Chakras on the extreme right and left. The bell-shaped lotus beneath the abacus has been omitted.

Question: Based on this passage, which animal appears on the left side of the abacus on the national emblem of india? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
