Write some highlights for the following article:

Tourism chiefs in Ireland are aiming to cash in on reports of one of the world's most famous couples honeymooning in the country - and have confirmed the couple are in the country. Celebrity TV star Kim Kardashian and rapper Kanye West reportedly flew into Cork on Saturday evening for a supposedly secret getaway after their Italian wedding. But when rumours spread of the glamour arrival - still to be confirmed by the newlyweds - scores of teenage fans and inquisitive locals descended on the luxury Castlemartyr Resort. Scroll down for video. Five days on the Emerald Isle? Following their whirlwind Italian wedding, newlyweds Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are now said to be honeymooning in Ireland. Honeymoon destination? Kim and Kanye are rumoured to be staying at the luxurious Castlemartyr Resort. The. rapper, 36, and reality TV star, 33, took off for a rural retreat after. celebrating their weekend wedding with several hundred guests at the. 16th-century Fort Belvedere in Florence. It was the groom's first and the third for his bride. And. Tourism Ireland is now hoping to cash in on the worldwide interest in. the couple's Irish honeymoon by targeting their massive online fan base. Kardashian has 40 million plus followers on Twitter and Facebook. ‘We're. working hard to produce a guide for their fans about where they are, or. rather where they might be,’ marketing director Mark Henry said. Beautiful setting: Part of the five-star hotel in Cork dates back to the 17th century. ‘We'd. love to be able to give their millions of followers the information so. maybe they can follow in their footsteps. It's a global story.’ When. news first emerged of the superstar arrival, Mr Henry posted on his. Twitter account: ‘A big welcome to Ireland @KimKardashian and @kanyewest. from all of us at @TourismIreland - we're working to improve the. weather right now...’ Tourism. Ireland is hoping to run a potentially massive and lucrative marketing. blitz by using a guide of places to visit to connect with just a. fraction of the couple's millions of followers. The. agency is hoping fans eager to get a glimpse into the lives of the rich. and famous will maybe follow suit with a trip to the south-west. High-end honeymoon: The five-night stay could be costing the celebrities upwards of £40,000. Spacious design: The five-star hotel suite boasts a stunning bathroom with a bath and walk-in shower. The. first sign of the superstar arrival was a private jet landing at Cork. Airport yesterday afternoon and a couple being whisked from the runway. in limousines. The. couple - known as Kimye - are reportedly expected to spend one day in. Dublin but the frequent social media users have remained unusually quiet. about their plans. Kanye West proposed to Kim Kardashian on her 33rd birthday in October last year. Their daughter named North was born in June 2013. Famously. green countryside: The luxury hotel is surrounded by stunning Cork countryside. 'Happy the city where citizens obey': Mr and Mrs West are also rumoured to be visiting Dublin. I do: The brunette socialite donned a demure Givenchy gown with sheer sleeves and back for the ceremony and a shorter beaded Balmain for the reception.