Write highlights for this article:

Martial arts fighter Shaun McNeil has been committed to stand trial for the one punch murder of teenager Daniel Christie in Sydney's Kings Cross. McNeil, allegedly knocked the 18 year old unconscious with a single blow to his head on New Year's Eve, 2013. A court has heard, moments before the fatal incident, the 26 year old accused murderer was shoulder charged by a teen trying to sell him drugs. More than a week later the 18-year-old's life support was turned off and McNeil was charged with his murder. Shaun McNeil, 26, who police allege threw a fatal punch at Daniel Christie in Sydney's Kings Cross last year. Daniel Christie, 18, who allegedly knocked his head after being punched by Mr McNeil. At a hearing in Sydney's Central local court on Tuesday, Seven News reported NSW Attorney-General Greg Smith had asked the acting director of public prosecutions to closely examine the case with a view to determining if murder charges were appropriate. The magistrate determined McNeil would stand trial for murder in the NSW Supreme court next year after hearing evidence from witnesses. One of the three teens allegedly assaulted by McNeil that night told the court they were walking around Kings Cross selling the illicit drugs ecstasy and MDMA. At around 9pm the teen, who can only be referred to as Witness 1, said one of his mates - Witness 2 - accidentally shoulder-charged a man at a pedestrian crossing. 'It started off with (my friend Witness 2) apologising or somethin' like that and then he tried to sell drugs to the man,' the teen told the court. Witness 2 said he had smoked marijuana and 'ice' that morning before heading to the late-night district to meet with his friends that evening. Witness 3 told the court McNeil demanded he hand over the drugs, allegedly declaring 'I'm an MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) fighter.' When Witness 3 refused, he said the 26-year-old 'started cutting sick' and throwing punches, before one allegedly struck the left side of his face. A court hearing found that another man assaulted by Mr McNeil shoulder barged him and offered him drugs shortly before he assaulted Mr Christie. Mr Christie's death was one of several attacks that sparked new laws introduced to help curb alcohol-fueled attacks. 'I shaped up. I got ready to fight him. I got my fists ready,' the teenager told Central Local Court. Next, he said, one of his friends - Witness One - intervened and punched McNeil. 'Some dude came out of nowhere saying, `Why (are) you picking on little kids?'. Then he (McNeil) put him on the ground. He went down.' After assaulting the trio, it's alleged McNeil approached Mr Christie and his brother, Peter. Using a single closed fist, McNeil knocked Mr Christie unconscious, causing him to fall back and hit his head on the road. He then allegedly punched Mr Christie's brother Peter, splitting his lip. Prosecutor Jennifer Price also told the court that McNeil was walking in Kings Cross with his girlfriend when the teens approached him. Mr Christie's death was one of a series of attacks that sparked new laws   to help curb alcohol-fueled attacks. Mandatory minimum sentencing laws were introduced earlier this year to be imposed against people who commit such crimes.