q... Marine habitats can be divided into coastal and open ocean habitats. Coastal habitats are found in the area that extends from as far as the tide comes in on the shoreline out to the edge of the continental shelf. Most marine life is found in coastal habitats, even though the shelf area occupies only seven percent of the total ocean area. Open ocean habitats are found in the deep ocean beyond the edge of the continental shelf.

Answer this question based on the passage: where are the majority of marine organisms found?
a... The relevant information is: Most marine life is found in coastal habitats, even though the shelf area occupies only seven percent of the total ocean area.
The answer is coastal habitats


q... As in many industrialised countries, nuclear power in Germany was first developed in the late 1950s. Only a few experimental reactors went online before 1960, and an experimental nuclear power station in Kahl am Main opened in 1960. All of the German nuclear power plants that opened between 1960 and 1970 had a power output of less than 1,000 MW and have now all closed down. The first commercial nuclear power plant started operating in 1969. Obrigheim, the first grid station, operated until 2005. (Neckarwestheim.) A closed nuclear fuel cycle was planned, starting with mining operations in the Saarland and the Schwarzwald; uranium ore concentration, fuel rod filling production in Hanau; and reprocessing of the spent fuel in the never-built nuclear fuel reprocessing plant at Wackersdorf. The radioactive waste was intended to be stored in a deep geological repository, as part of the Gorleben long-term storage project.

When did germany build its first nuclear power plant?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Only a few experimental reactors went online before 1960, and an experimental nuclear power station in Kahl am Main opened in 1960.
The answer is 1960


q... Huey, Dewey, and Louie Duck are triplet cartoon characters created in 1937 by writer Ted Osborne and cartoonist Al Taliaferro, and are owned by The Walt Disney Company. Huey, Dewey, and Louie are the nephews of Donald Duck and the grandnephews of Scrooge McDuck. Like their uncles, the boys are anthropomorphic white ducks with yellow-orange beaks and feet. They typically wear shirts and colorful baseball caps, which are sometimes used to differentiate each character. Huey, Dewey and Louie have made several animated appearances in both films and television, but comics remain their primary medium. The trio are collectively the 11th most published comic book characters in the world, and outside of the superhero genre, second only to Donald.

Based on this passage, what is the first name of huey's dewey's and louie's uncle?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Huey, Dewey, and Louie are the nephews of Donald Duck and the grandnephews of Scrooge McDuck.
The answer is Donald


q... However, the first modern three point seat belt (the so-called CIR-Griswold restraint) used in most consumer vehicles today was patented in 1955 U.S. Patent 2,710,649 by the Americans Roger W. Griswold and Hugh DeHaven.

Answer this question based on the passage: when was the three point seat belt invented?
a...