News article: Insurers Weigh In on Health Care Law

The health insurance industry is urging the Supreme Court to decide as quickly as it can whether the federal health care law is, in fact, constitutional and to consider what other parts of the law should be struck down if the individual mandate does not pass muster.

America’s Health Insurance Plans, a Washington, D.C., trade group, filed its supporting brief on Tuesday about the case. The group represents the nation’s health insurance companies, many of which oppose crucial provisions of the Affordable Care Act signed into law by President Obama last year.

The group argued that insurers need to know as soon as possible if the new law will be upheld. because businesses need to “make and implement numerous critical decisions now to ensure their ability to comply as requirements come into effect in the coming years.”

Many of the law’s most sweeping provisions go into effect in 2014. The Obama administration says the law is constitutional and has asked the Supreme Court to hear the case quickly. Several lower courts have issued differing opinions on the law, which was challenged in court by many states.

Right now, the insurers say they don’t know if the whole law will be struck down or just parts of it or whether all of the legislation will be deemed constitutional. “All of this paralyzing uncertainty—among health plans, employers, government regulators and others — underscores the vital need for a prompt and conclusive resolution of the constitutional challenge to the individual mandate. AHIP therefore respectfully urges the court to grant review of that issue and to resolve it this term,” the insurers say.

The insurers also say that without the individual mandate, which would require people to buy insurance, the law is essentially unworkable. They point out that there are concerns over adverse selection, where only the people who think they need coverage buy insurance, and cite numerous examples of failed efforts by the states.

“All of that evidence underscores the very real likelihood that implementation of ACA’s market reforms in the absence of the individual mandate would confound the legislation’s central goal of increasing the availability of affordable health care coverage. Congress, moreover, enacted the individual mandate in conjunction with its market reforms because it was acutely aware of the widespread difficulties that had arisen from the efforts of states to implement similar insurance market reforms without the economic counterbalance of an individual mandate,” the insurers say.

Is the individual mandate constitutional? If the Supreme Court strikes it down, should the rest of the health care law be allowed to stand? Should everyone be required to have health insurance?

This post has been revised to reflect the following correction:

An earlier version of this post misstated the position taken by America's Health Insurance Plans on the overall federal health legislation. It is not asking the court to consider striking down the law altogether, but seeking consideration as to whether other pieces of the law should be overturned if the individual mandate is ruled unconstitutional.
What are the most important parts of this news article?