Given the question: Information:  - Sid Meier 's Civilization IV ( also known as Civilization 4 or Civ4 ) is a turn - based strategy computer game and the fourth installment of the Civilization series . It was designed by Soren Johnson under the direction of Sid Meier and his video game development studio Firaxis Games , and then first released in North America , Europe , and Australia , between October 25 and November 4 , 2005 . Civilization IV uses the 4X empire - building model for turn - based strategy gameplay , in which the player 's main objective is to construct a civilization from limited initial resources . Most standard full - length games start the player with the a settler unit and / or a city unit in the year 4000 BC. As with other games in the series , there are by default five objectives the player can pursue in order to finish the game : conquering all other civilizations , controlling a supermajority of the game world 's land and population , building and sending the first sleeper ship to the Alpha Centauri star system , increasing the `` Culture ratings '' of at least three different cities to `` legendary '' levels , or winning a `` World Leader '' popularity contest by the United Nations . If the time limit for the game is reached and none of the previous goals has been fulfilled by any players including game AI players , the civilization with the highest total game score is declared winner . A large departure from earlier Civilization games is a new graphics engine created from scratch , based on the Gamebryo engine by Numerical Design Limited ( NDL ) . The game has received nearly universal acclaim and was hailed as an exemplary product of one of the leading video game producers in the turn - based strategy genre . Civilization IV has sold 3 million copies and won multiple awards , including several Game of the Year awards . In addition to this , Firaxis Games has also released two other major expansions , Civilization IV : Warlords and Civilization IV : Beyond the Sword , as well as the standalone game Civilization IV :...  - Soren Johnson is a video game designer and programmer. He was employed by Firaxis Games from 2000 to 2007, where he co-designed several of their most popular games. In 2013 he co-founded Mohawk Games.  - Firaxis Games, Inc. is an American video game developer founded in 1996 by Sid Meier, Jeff Briggs, and Brian Reynolds upon leaving MicroProse. Now a wholly owned subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive, the company is best known for its "Civilization" series of games, though it has had notable success with other titles as well. Firaxis is based in Sparks, Maryland; Sid Meier continues to lead creative efforts there.  - Sidney K. "Sid" Meier (born February 24, 1954) is a programmer, designer, and producer of several popular strategy video games and simulation video games, most notably the "Civilization" series. Meier co-founded MicroProse in 1982 with Bill Stealey and is the Director of Creative Development of Firaxis Games, which he co-founded with Jeff Briggs and Brian Reynolds in 1996. He has won several prestigious accolades for his contributions to the video game industry.    What is the relationship between 'civilization iv' and 'jeff briggs'?
The answer is: