Summarize this article in one sentence.
The type of tree you grow should be reliant on the environment where you'll be keeping it. Your region's climate and your home environment should both be taken into account when you're deciding which species of tree to grow. To be on the safe side, select a species that is indigenous to your part of the world.  Deciduous species such as Chinese or Japanese elms, magnolias, oaks, and crabapple trees are good selections if you'd like to grow your bonsai outside. Just be sure to pick out a species that can grow to full size in your region.  If you prefer coniferous trees, junipers, pines, spruces, or cedars all make excellent choices. If you want to grow a tree indoors (or if you live in a hot climate), consider a tropical species. Jade, snowrose, and olive trees may be grown as bonsais. Planting a bonsai tree from seed is a slow but rewarding process. If you plant a tree, you'll have to allow it time to take root and grow strong before you can begin trimming and training. Depending on the species of tree you grow, this could take up to five years. Many find the extra wait and effort to be worth it since seeds are so inexpensive and the grower is able to control the tree at every stage of growth. To grow a bonsai from seed, take the following steps:  Buy a package of bonsai tree seeds. Soak them overnight before planting them in soil with good drainage and the right nutrient composition for your tree species. Plant the tree in a training container (as opposed to a ceramic display container, which is only used once the tree has been trained and reached maturity). Give the planted tree the correct amount of sun, water, and a consistent temperature, again dictated by the specific species of tree. Allow the tree to become sturdy and strong before you begin to train it. This method of acquiring a bonsai tree is highly valued, since caring for a bonsai tree you find in the wild requires a lot of skill and knowledge. If collecting a tree that has had its start in nature appeals to you, consider the following factors:  Select a tree with a sturdy trunk, but one that is still quite young. Older trees won't adapt well to being placed in a container. Choose a tree with roots that spread evenly in every direction, rather than growing laterally or entangled with the roots of other trees. Dig around the tree and extract a large amount of soil along with the roots. This will prevent the tree from dying of shock when it is moved to a container. Plant the tree in a large training container. Care for it according to the needs of the particular species. Wait about a year for the roots to get used to the container before you begin training it. This is the easiest way to begin the art of bonsai, but it is also the most expensive. Bonsai trees that have been grown from seed and partially trained have already received a lot of time and care, so they are usually quite pricey. Look online and in local nurseries and plant shops for a bonsai tree to bring home with you.  If you buy a partially-trained bonsai from a shop, talk with the person who trained it about its specific needs. When you bring the bonsai home, give it a few weeks to adjust to the new setting before you begin working with it.