Answer the following question: Information:  - The Reverend Robert Walker Skating on Duddingston Loch , better known by its shorter title The Skating Minister , is an oil painting allegedly by Sir Henry Raeburn in the National Gallery of Scotland in Edinburgh . It was practically unknown until about 1949 , but has since become one of Scotland 's best - known paintings . It is considered an icon of Scottish culture , painted during one of the most remarkable periods in the country 's history , the Scottish Enlightenment .  - The National Museum of Scotland, Edinburgh, Scotland, was formed in 2006 with the merger of the new Museum of Scotland, with collections relating to Scottish antiquities, culture and history, and the adjacent Royal Museum (so renamed in 1995), with collections covering science and technology, natural history, and world cultures. The two connected buildings stand beside each other on Chambers Street, by the intersection with the George IV Bridge, in central Edinburgh. The museum is part of National Museums Scotland. Admission is free.  - Edinburgh is the capital city of Scotland and one of its 32 local government council areas. Located in Lothian on the Firth of Forth's southern shore, it is Scotland's second most populous city and the seventh most populous in the United Kingdom. The 2014 official population estimates are 464,990 for the city of Edinburgh, 492,680 for the local authority area, and 1,339,380 for the city region as of 2014 (Edinburgh lies at the heart of the proposed Edinburgh and South East Scotland city region). Recognised as the capital of Scotland since at least the 15th century, Edinburgh is home to the Scottish Parliament and the seat of the monarchy in Scotland. The city is also the annual venue of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland and home to national institutions such as the National Museum of Scotland, the National Library of Scotland and the Scottish National Gallery. It is the largest financial centre in the UK after London.  - The Scottish National Gallery is the national art gallery of Scotland. It is located on The Mound in central Edinburgh, in a neoclassical building designed by William Henry Playfair, and first opened to the public in 1859. The gallery houses the Scottish national collection of fine art, including Scottish and international art from the beginning of the Renaissance up to the start of the 20th century.  - The National Library of Scotland is the legal deposit library of Scotland and is one of the country's National Collections. Its main base is in Edinburgh city centre. The headquarters is on George IV Bridge, between the Old Town and the university quarter. There is also a more modern building (1980s) in a residential area on the south side of the town centre, on Causewayside. This was built to accommodate some of the specialist collections (e.g., map library, science library) and to provide large-scale extra storage.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'the skating minister' exhibits the relationship of 'collection'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - national gallery  - national library of scotland  - national museum  - scottish national gallery
Answer: