How might one describe the sentiment of this review?
Would be at least 4 stars but let me explain the reasoning behind my review of 1 star.  I discovered Tracy Rigg via Yelp where a fellow Elite rated her services as 5 stars while I was on a hunt for a natural stylist in Charlotte to prevent from my constant travels back home to Chicago to get my hair done. I made an appointment to see Tracy while she was in the SouthPark location and was pleased with my cut and the product not too much the style as it made me look like a old women with the extreme layers. After I wrapped it and slept on it it fell like I would've liked it to so I LOVED the results as they were due to the products which I purchased (No Parabens - Tracy products) and her process of getting my natural hair straightened for the first time since I went natural.  Tracy schedule is pretty tight and after having that personal appointment in an one on one setting was SOLD and expressed my desire to have her as my hair stylist in Charlotte for my straightening twice a year.  Let's get to this 1 STAR review: Last year December my daughter and I were heading home for our annual Nutcracker ballet show and I tried scheduling with Tracy as early as October and was unsuccessful as the site is very deceiving as it allow you to choose Tracy and see her schedule and even choose a time however when you click SCHEDULE you get an error that states "Tracy Riggs requires you to call in to schedule" which I did and left a message and didn't get a call back after 5 days so I emailed and got a response that the days that I saw were available are no longer available and since our flights were booked we had no alternative dates and time so she suggested her new stylist from our hometown of Chicago (Kim) and we accepted.  NOTE: This was her way of not accepting us as a client   Kim did a great job however it was EXTREMELY overpriced we paid $180 for two wash and blowouts, needless to say we didn't go back afterwards.  FastForward to this week: I'm having a baby in a couple days and already haver plans for Christmas so again I tried to schedule an appointment with Tracy online and got the same error I mentioned earlier so again I called and never received a call back. Three days later I called again and mentioned my message I left and my issue scheduling, this time I was told FLAT OUT " Tracy isn't accepting clients she only accept appointments for regulars". My issue with this is  1. The website is deceiving where it allow you to see all the availability of Tracy where her schedule has space 2. How can you become a regular if you are NEVER able to schedule? 3. The unprofessionalism when a potential client leaves a message with contact info and no one returns the call or try to return the call.  Needless to say, I will not be trying this place again. The new location is nice as I visited last year and uploaded a photo BUT that's it that's all. I'll stick to driving to ATL to Loop Salon or flying home to Chicago to get my hair done by professionals who schedules are clear and they don't discriminate against new clients or toward those clients who only want to come twice a year to avoid heat damage to natural hair....OPT:
a). negative.
b). positive. I think the answer is