Please write a short summary for the following article:

11 iPhone 7 cases that make the best gifts

Before you go, we thought you'd like these...

It is no secret that the iPhone 7 has topped the 2016 holiday wish list. With a new cool phone waiting under the tree, an even cooler phone case must come with it. Whether you are treating yourself or need a unique stocking stuffer idea, check out our top picks of the best iPhone 7 cases on the web!

The iPhone 7 Plus is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

The Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Plus smartphone is displayed during an event in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016.Apple Inc. unveiled new iPhone models Wednesday, featuring a water-resistant design, upgraded camera system and faster processor, betting that after six annual iterations it can still make improvements enticing enough to lure buyers to their next upgrade. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images

The new Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Plus is displayed during an event in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016. Apple Inc. unveiled new iPhone models Wednesday, featuring a water-resistant design, upgraded camera system and faster processor, betting that after six annual iterations it can still make improvements enticing enough to lure buyers to their next upgrade. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images

Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the pricing on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 earphone options during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

The lightning port of an iPhone 7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

The iPhone 7 Plus camera zoom feature area is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

More on AOL.comBest tech gadget gifts for under $50Holiday gift guide: Splurge-worthy stylish gifts she'll love7 Amazon tech products that make great gifts