My review in one word - disappointing. How about two words? Very disappointing. We were so excited to try this place after strong yelp reviews and friends' recommendations so we saved our first visit for my birthday. 6:15 Saturday night reservations started off great. Seated right away, asked if we had theater plans so they could make sure they tended us in a timely manner. Seemed like a great beginning. That was when it went downhill.   The two of us were seated along the wall where the " tables" for two are located. These tables are woefully small and completely inadequate for any dinner setting. And they are so close together!! They are essentially thigh width apart!! There should be a minimum state requirement of butt width for goodness sake! Even the skinny busboys couldn't wedge themselves in there. When your chair is wider than the table, you know it's bad. Makes for a very disruptive dining experience when your neighbor leaves. Plus, I think the fire marshall should have a look at this. Can't be safe. When I say close together, I mean the plates of the diners on either side of me were just as close to me as my wife's across the table! Everything was in arms reach. I wanted a table for two, not a party of six. I am not that interested in your life, trust me.   Beer served in cans is not my style but I did one anyway. Arrived warm. Wanted to try the smoked wings we'd heard about so we started with those and the curry mussels. Both came out together and we literally had to stack them on top of each other on the table since it was so tiny. Ridiculous. The wings were the best thing all night - good, not great. I'm a huge mussels fan and was excited when they arrived looking fresh and delish. They were large but not delish. There was NO flavor. Bland with a capital B. No curry flavor at all - I think the steaming liquid would have tasted better.  Did the spice cabinet turn out to be empty? Nice quantity though. Just not what I would have expected. Frankly I could have stopped eating here - and wish I had.   We had placed our entire order at one time. I ordered the brisket sandwich and my wife the short rib flatbread. Between appetizers and entree was at least 50 minutes. At one point I was finally able to grab our server ( where DOES she does disappear to?) and told her, if it's not out now, just cancel the order. She had stopped by 25 minutes prior and said they'd be out in one minute. Wrong.  Amazingly, mine came out but she dropped the flat bread in the kitchen.  Service disaster. Let's just say 2 1/2 hours is way too long for what we had. One hour waits between courses? Absurd. Service was among the worst I've ever experienced. And the brisket? After 3 bites I put my utensils down. Not good at all. Another flavorless serving. Flatbread? Awful. Short rib my eye. If there was more than an ounce of short rib on there I'll buy your next meal.   I feel bad giving it two stars but that was what my experience calls for. Oh, and the very limited draft beer menu? No Oktoberfest at all. Instead, a summer session ale? I mean, come on guys - this is October! There's no excuse for that. And at $7 and $10 each for our drafts, this is not a place I'd even want to drink.
Was this review given positively or negatively?