Martínez Falls Short, but Mets Stay in Place for Wild Card
Given Martínez’s postseason experience and lack of a valid alternative, it is almost inconceivable that the Mets would not pitch him should they need a fourth starter in a potential first-round series. But it will be challenging for Manuel to balance how Martínez has pitched with how the team fares during his starts. They have lost his last three, and the degree of culpability has diminished each time.

He gave up six runs Sept. 7 against Philadelphia, four Monday night in Washington (when seven days’ rest affected the control of his breaking pitches) and followed up that performance Saturday by posting a nearly identical pitching line: nine hits, four runs (three in the first inning and one in the sixth), three walks and seven strikeouts. The Mets have scored six runs in those three starts.

“I can’t say that losing his last three starts were all him,” Manuel said. He added: “I don’t know if we gotten off to good starts when he has pitched. It’s just one of those things that you run into every now and then.”

Martínez said he did not want to use his difficult season as an excuse — his hamstring strain, his father’s death, his inconsistency — but he acknowledged that he has felt out of sync since rejoining the Mets after his father’s funeral in late July.

“It’s really hard for me to be 100 percent and play baseball like I used to, just play baseball, hey, this is beautiful, healthy and all that,” Martínez said. “It’s very different than previous years. This year has been a hard year for me, a year with a lot of distractions and I haven’t really gained a lot from the game.”

One trend that has followed Martínez all season is his first-inning struggles. Opponents entered Saturday hitting .347 with six homers off him in the first — compared with .278 with 12 homers the rest of the game — and have scored first-inning runs in each of his last four starts, including three runs on Saturday.

“I can’t really pinpoint what’s going on, but maybe I’m not being as aggressive as I should sometimes,” said Martínez, before referring to his stretch in August of allowing first-inning homers. “I try to be aggressive, then gave up a couple of homers, it makes you wonder, it makes you start thinking, so you start to be a little more cautious. Thinking a bit too much, I think. Must be the reason. But without a doubt, I have to find out as soon as possible.”

Martínez seems to get stronger, and better, as the game progresses. After giving up four hits in the first, he gave up one each in his next five. The final hit, a sixth-inning single by Josh Anderson, came after Manuel visited Martínez, his pitch count at 110. Martínez told Manuel he wanted to face him, and Anderson poked a changeup into right field to score Brandon Jones with the Braves’ fourth run.

“What you hope for in the most part is the guy gives you a chance to win,” Manuel said. “I thought we had a chance with the game 3-2. We didn’t do much damage offensively, and that was that.”

A version of this article appears in print on , on Page SP1 of the New York edition with the headline: Martínez Falls Short, And the Mets Follow. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
What is a short summary of the above article?