The Latest Trump Tussle: Pope Francis on Trump's Christianity

In a world where controversies make headlines, one name stands out - Donald Trump. The potential Republican nominee for the President of the United States has taken on numerous influential people and organizations over the past months. The back-and-forth exchanges between Trump and his rivals seem to be a never-ending parade of accusations, rebuttals, and goading. This time, it’s Pope Francis who has taken on the media mogul turned political powerhouse.

On Thursday, while returning from his six-day visit to Mexico, Pope Francis was asked about Trump. Offering his thoughts on Trump's Christianity, he stated, "A person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian,” the New York Times reported. This comment nodding at Trump's highly debated border-wall proposal, which involves the construction of a wall between Mexico and the U.S., with Mexico footing the bill.

Despite providing criticism, Pope Francis did not explicitly encourage or discourage the American public from voting for Trump. He went on to say, "I say only that this man is not Christian if he has said things like that [about the wall]. We must see if he said things in that way and in this I give the benefit of the doubt."

As expected from Trump's modus operandi, he did not stay silent for long. He fired back at the Pope's comments through Politico saying, "For a religious leader to question a person’s faith is disgraceful. I am proud to be a Christian, and as president, I will not allow Christianity to be consistently attacked and weakened." Furthermore, Trump boldly challenged the Pope by saying that if ISIS ever attacked the Vatican, Pope Francis would wish he had been president because it would not have taken place, insinuating that Trump's handling of ISIS would be more effective than the current administration's strategies.

Trump continued his rebuttal by suggesting that Mexico must have spoken disparagingly about him and roped Pope Francis into the conversation in an attempt to manipulate him as a "pawn." Trump accused Mexico, saying "they want to continue to rip off the United States, both on trade and at the border, and they understand I am totally wise to them."

Remaining true to form, Trump took advantage of the opportunity to address the matter publicly at a rally in South Carolina, where he reiterated his views and managed to slip in that "I like the Pope."

Simultaneously, in his news conference on the papal jet, Pope Francis offered his opinion on the use of contraception in relation to the Zika virus. The Pope clarified that Catholic women could use contraception to avoid complications due to the virus. However, he stood firm on the Church's outspoken stance against abortion, insisting that it remains completely off the table in such cases.

In the midst of a heated political climate, this exchange between two influential figures on opposing ends of the spectrum raises questions, generates debates, and adds yet another headline-grabbing controversy to Trump's portfolio. How this impacts Trump's campaign remains to be seen, as well as whether or not he will continue confronting religious institutions in the future.