By. Louise Boyle. PUBLISHED:. 11:51 EST, 25 September 2013. |. UPDATED:. 13:39 EST, 25 September 2013. A state house staffer who left his loaded handgun in the men's bathroom at the Capitol building is facing calls for his resignation. Dave Evans, a legislative assistant. to Republican House Speaker Tim Jones, left the loaded 9mm pistol on top of a. toilet paper dispenser in a men’s bathroom in the Missouri State Capitol. last Friday. Another House staffer found the gun and reported it to police. A gun safety group today called for Evans to be fired after he left the gun in the basement bathroom in Jefferson City, Missouri. Danger: Dave Evans (left), a legislative assistant to House Speaker Tim Jones (pictured right), left a loaded handgun in a bathroom at the State Capitol building in Missouri on Friday. A gun safety group is calling for a Missouri House staffer to be fired after he left a loaded handgun unattended in a Capitol bathroom in Jefferson Ci. Rebecca Morgan, spokeswoman for the Missouri chapter of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, said: 'Any child could’ve found that gun, or someone could’ve found it and resold it.' According to the police report, Evans has a concealed-carry permit. Police returned the gun to him, and no charges were filed. A 2011 law allows legislative staff with concealed-carry permits to bring firearms into the Capitol. Tom Smith, Jones’ chief of staff, said in a statement on Tuesday that Evans will take a gun safety course in the next few weeks as a result of the incident. 'He is extremely remorseful about this unfortunate incident and willing to take full accountability for his mistake,' Mr Smith said. Ms Morgan said the Missouri chapter of Moms Demand Action has asked Jones to issue an apology and to fire Evans. The. organization is also calling schools and asking them to cancel their. planned field trips to the Capitol, which houses the Missouri State. Museum. Dave Evans, left a Kahr CM9 9 mm gun, in a public bathroom stall at the Capitol building in Missouri (stock image) The museum received more than 470,000 visitors last year, according to its website. Of those, 30,000 were children on guided tours, according to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources. Morgan said that just as mothers call their children’s friends’ houses before play dates to make sure all firearms are secured, parents and schools should be aware of safety risks within the Capitol building. 'My son is supposed to go later in the school year, and I don’t feel safe sending him to the Capitol,' she said. The Moms Demand Action group hopes its effort will help change the 2011 concealed-carry law. 'If (Evans) can have his fully loaded, ready-to-shoot, unattended gun in a restroom and there’s no law against it, the law needs to change,' Morgan said. She said the organization received no direct response from the Capitol. Moms Demand Action describes itself as a grassroots organization that formed nationwide after the December 2012 school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut. 'It’s just a crying shame,' Morgan said of the unattended gun. 'It’s our responsibility as parents and as legislators to make sure that it doesn’t take losing a child’s life to change this law.'

Write highlights for this article.