You will be given a definition of a task first, then some input of the task.
Given a post that is a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation and a question asks if AUTHOR, NOBODY, EVERYBODY, or OTHER is wrong in the situation. Answer the question and classify your answers into yes or no.

Is OTHER wrong in the post ? POST : Posting on mobile, apologies in advance. 

Until recently, my father's sister lived in a dangerous and unstable country (I won't go into specifics, but it is somewhere in Africa), however she is still a citizen of our home country and due to the instability, my father offered to get her on a plane house her until she is on her feet. She is nearing retirement age, she has no saving and she cannot drive, and we live in a rural community where work in the local area is scarce. Also important is that I have not seen her or even spoken to her in over 20 years and my fiancée has never met her. 

My fiancée and I have been together for approximately 5 years but only moved in together about a year ago. Our house is a very small 2 bed, although the 2nd room is barely more than a box room - it's fine for the two of us, but it gets cramped if we have anyone round. Financially we are comfortable, but we are by no means well off. We're also getting married later this year and plan to start trying for a baby immediately after that. This is all important context. 

My father is emigrating later this year, and on christmas day he took me to one side and put me on the spot; if his sister is not on her feet by the time he moves, will we take her in? I was taken aback but I did not give him an answer either way as I was not willing to commit without my fiancé's input. Shortly afterwards however, we returned to the lounge and my father phoned another member of family and, in front of my completely oblivious fiancée, informed them that we'd be happy to take in his sister. My fiancée was gobsmacked but said nothing. After we left however, she erupted and we had a major row - again, on christmas day. Because of the way she found out, she thought I was in on these plans and had agreed to all of this behind her back, and though I eventually convinced her that I was as much in the dark on this as she was, it nevertheless ruined our christmas.

After calming down, we sat and talked and decided that we would not take her in. Housing her would compromise our privacy, it would potentially hamper our future plans re: trying for a baby, and  we are simply not in a position financially support a third adult right now. A few days later we went to my father's house to tell him this, however he became very angry and told us to get out. Since then, I have barely spoken to him, and on the few instances that I have, the atmosphere between us has been noticeably different. I understand the reasons for her leaving the country she was in, but I feel as though my father took it for granted that my fiancée and I, who are just starting our own lives together, would step up to the plate to support her whilst he moves to another country to start a new life for himself. As terrible as I feel for her, it's not a burden that we are in a position to take on, even if she is family.

Am I/my fiancée the asshole in all of this?
Output: