Three years: Quanique Thomas-Hameen was inside a Wichita Taco Bell on December when his friends raided the belongings of a dying woman. A Kansas man was sentenced to three years in prison Thursday for the role he played in the theft of a dying woman's wedding ring and other belongings as she slumped over dying in a Taco Bell drive-thru. Quanique Thomas-Hameen was inside a Wichita Taco Bell on December when his friends Daquantrius Shaquill Johnson and Keith Hickels, Jr. allegedly raided 43-year-old mother and wife Danielle Zimmerman's belongings as she died of a brain aneurysm behind the wheel of her car. Zimmerman's family got some items back, but not her ring. Johnson and Hickels are awaiting trial. All three are charged with robbery, theft and aggravated burglary, reports KAKE. The story caused outcry across the states when news broke of the horrific treatment of Mrs Zimmerman. 'Instead of trying to help her, somebody robbed her,' her distraught husband of 21 years, Kris, told the Wichita Eagle. 'What really appalled me - the wedding ring. How could you take somebody’s wedding ring off their finger?' While Thomas-Hameen did not physically remove Zimmerman's belongings after she crashed into the Taco bell drivethru speaker box, prosecutors said he benefited from those who did. He also did nothing to stop the events from taking place. Cruel: 43-year-old mother and wife Danielle Zimmerman had a massive aneurysm while pulling into a Taco Bell drivethru and was slumped over and unconscious as her belongings were stolen. While Thomas-Hameen did not physically remove Zimmerman's belongings after she crashed into the Taco bell drivethru speaker box, (pictured) prosecutors said he benefited from those who did. Thomas-Hameen apologized to the Zimmerman family in court Thursday and said he takes responsibility for not speaking up when he had the chance. Mr. Zimmerman responded to Thomas-Hameen's apology by asking the judge to throw the book at him. 'While he may not have been directly involved in the crime, he benefited from the results. He also showed he was a coward for not standing up to help,' Zimmerman said. 'You never know if she would be here today if you would have just stopped.' Daquantrius Shaquill Johnson (right) and Keith Hickels, Jr. (left) allegedly physically took Zimmerman's belongings as Thomas-Hameen was inside. They are awaiting trial. Some of Zimmerman's belongings were recovered but her grieving husband never got her ring back. The purse, including photos of her two teenage sons, has been found by children sledding near to the Taco Bell. The thief took $150 and credit cards from inside. Mr Zimmerman was watching football and waiting for his wife to return home with dinner, which they were to share with one of their teenage sons. After 30 minutes, he called her to no answer, and 15 minutes later, he decided to go and find her. But as he was leaving his driveway, police arrived and told him his wife was in the hospital. There, a chaplain told him that she had suffered a serious aneurysm - although she had never had one before - and that she had blood on her brain. The family soon made the decision to switch off her life support. Her organs were prepared for donation.

Write highlights for this article.