Information:  - Hot Country Songs is a chart published weekly by "Billboard" magazine in the United States.  - `` Chattahoochee '' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson . It was released in May 1993 as the third single from his album A Lot About Livin ' ( And a Little ' bout Love ) . The album is named for a line in the song itself . Jackson wrote the song with Jim McBride . `` Chattahoochee '' also received CMA awards for Single of the Year and Song of the Year .  - Country music is a genre of United States popular music that originated in the southern United States in the 1920s. It takes its roots from the southeastern genre of United States, such as folk music (especially Appalachian folk music), and blues music. Blues modes have been used extensively throughout its recorded history. Country music often consists of ballads and dance tunes with generally simple forms and harmonies accompanied by mostly string instruments such as banjos, electric and acoustic guitars, dobros and fiddles as well as harmonicas. According to Lindsey Starnes, the term "country music" gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term "hillbilly music"; it came to encompass Western music, which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots, in the mid-20th century. The term "country music" is used today to describe many styles and subgenres. The origins of country music are the folk music of working-class Americans, who blended popular songs, Irish and Celtic fiddle tunes, traditional English ballads, and cowboy songs, and various musical traditions from European immigrant communities. In 2009 country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre during the evening commute, and second most popular in the morning commute in the United States.  - A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love) is the third studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on October 6, 1992, and produced the singles "Chattahoochee", "She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)", "Tonight I Climbed the Wall", "(Who Says) You Can't Have It All" and "Mercury Blues". "Chattahoochee" and "She's Got the Rhythm" were both Number One hits on the Hot Country Songs charts, while the other three songs all reached Top Five.  - Alan Eugene Jackson (born October 17, 1958) is an American singer and songwriter. He is known for blending traditional honky tonk and mainstream country sounds and penning many of his own songs. Jackson has recorded 16 studio albums, three greatest hits albums, two Christmas albums, two gospel albums and several compilations.    'chattahoochee ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'follows'?  Choices: - 1992  - 20th  - 20th century  - a  - acoustic  - album  - all  - american  - and i  - as  - ballads  - blues  - born  - can  - century  - chattahoochee  - christmas  - country music  - folk music  - greatest hits  - guitars  - have it all  - hot  - in the morning  - is  - it  - mercury blues  - music  - number one  - number one hits  - october 17  - on  - popular  - popular songs  - radio  - roots  - s  - singles  - t  - the blues  - the morning  - the most  - three  - today  - tonight i climbed the wall  - tunes  - who says
A: