App-alled: Mom gets hit with $3K bill after twin sons mistakenly purchase apps on iTunes
Canadian mom Paula Marner was stunned to see that her twin sons had gone on a spending spree for app-related purchases on iTunes. The final tally: $3,000.

The 7-year-olds were playing the game “Clash of Clans” on the iPad during a trip to England when they unwittingly agreed to buy items used in the game — at a cost ranging from 99 cents to $99 per purchase.

“I think it’s very deceptive,” Marner, of Newfoundland, told CBC News about the way so-called “bait apps” are placed into kids’ games that are billed as being free. “I accused them of a little bit worse, but it’s just greed.”

In “Clash of Clans” and other similar games, little messages pop up alerting players to buy in-app add-ons to upgrade their gaming experience. To do so, they have to put in their iTunes passwords and agree.

But Marner said her sons, Elias and Malachy, didn’t realize they were consenting to pay real money.

“So that kept coming up consistently and they kept tapping it, because it's just tap purchase, tap purchase, tap purchase,” she said.

The mom complained to Apple about the misunderstanding, and she expects to get her money back, CBC News said.

But she’s not the only appalled parent.

RELATED: OREGON TODDLER BUYS CAR ON EBAY WITH DAD’S SMARTPHONE

A British dad had to go after Apple when his 8-year-old daughter mistakenly bought the equivalent of about $6,120 worth of in-app purchases.

Lee Neale, an aerospace designer, said he only noticed what she had done when his bank account was suddenly frozen, according to Britain’s The Sun.

In six days, his daughter completed 74 costly transactions.

“She is only 8 years old. Even when I sat her down and explained that what she was doing had cost dad money, I still don’t think she really understood,” Neale said.

“These in-app purchases are terrible and people need to be aware,” he added.

Apple, he said, has refunded the money.

A class-action lawsuit was filed two years ago in California against the tech giant claiming false marketing of bait apps.

A new settlement has been proposed offering those who were affected to receive an iTunes credit.

A cash refund would only be given to those who no longer have an active iTunes account or whose purchase exceeded $30, reported TechSpot.com.

RELATED: BRITISH BOY RACKS UP $2K PLAYING ‘FREE’ IPAD GAME

The deadline to submit a claim is Jan. 13, 2014.

One app developer told CBC News that targeting kids’ games with confusing in-app purchases is wrong.

“There are a lot of in-app or app developers who are taking advantage of in-app purchases, banking on the fact that kids are going to be given an iPad and the parental permissions won’t be set out correctly,” said Levin Mejia.

How to protect from in-app purchases on the iPhone and iPad:

- Go to Settings, then General, then Restrictions, and then change the “require password” setting to “immediately.”

Your child would have to specifically enter in a password before they can agree to purchase something.

- To turn off in-app purchases completely, go to the Restrictions menu and slide the “in-app purchases” setting to “off.”

ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE FOR VIDEO
What is a short summary of the above article?