Student A:"I'm Lovin' It" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was written by Pusha T and produced by The Neptunes.

Based on this passage, who did the vocals for the mcdonalds jingle i'm lovin' it?
Student B:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: "I'm Lovin' It" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake.
American singer - songwriter Justin Timberlake.

Problem:"I Can Hear the Grass Grow" is the second single by The Move. It is a psychedelic pop song referring to the synesthetic effects of hallucinogenics. It reached number five on the UK Singles Chart.

Who sang i can hear the grass grow?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: "I Can Hear the Grass Grow" is the second single by The Move.
The Move.

Student A:The Surface Book 2 is a 2-in-1 PC designed and produced by Microsoft, part of the company's Surface line of personal computing. It was unveiled on October 17, 2017 and released on November 16, 2017. Starting on November 9, one week prior to the release date, consumers were able to place a pre-order through Microsoft's website. It succeeds the Surface Book released in October 2015.

When will microsoft surface book 2 be released?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: It was unveiled on October 17, 2017 and released on November 16, 2017.
November 16 , 2017.

Problem:The Chronicles of Narnia is a series of films based on The Chronicles of Narnia, a series of novels by C.S. Lewis. From the seven novels, there have been three film adaptations so far -- The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (2005), Prince Caspian (2008) and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (2010) -- which have grossed over $1.5 billion worldwide among them.

How many parts does chronicles of narnia have?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: From the seven novels, there have been three film adaptations so far -- The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (2005), Prince Caspian (2008) and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (2010) -- which have grossed over $1.5 billion worldwide among them.
seven.

Student A:Context: Like its predecessor, the release of The Fractured but Whole was subject to several delays. The game was initially set for release in December 2016 but it was postponed for nearly a year. On October 17, 2017, it was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. The game was released to generally positive reviews, which praised the improvements and creativity of combat scenarios and faithfulness to the source material. Some elements of the game received mixed reviews; reviewers said the story was a hilarious improvement although the plot was less effective and overloaded with toilet humor. The game is scheduled to receive post-release, supplemental story missions as downloadable content (DLC) in 2018.

Question: when is the fractured but whole coming out?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: On October 17, 2017, it was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
October 17 , 2017.

Student A:The winner of the competition was 16 year-old Aleyna FitzGerald from Newcastle, New South Wales.

Who won season 10 of australias next top model?
Student B: