In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Chalky paint has a matte finish, goes on with minimal prep work, and is easier to scrape off while you’re distressing your furniture. Choose a paint color that matches the aesthetic in the rest of your room.  Chalky paint is not the same as chalkboard paint. Chalkboard paint is meant to be written on with chalk after it dries, while chalky paint just has an ultra-matte finish. You can buy chalky paint from any painting supply store. Adding marks to a table surface or furniture legs can make it seem older than what it actually is. Lightly tap your furniture with the end of a chisel or hammer to make indents in the surface. Make the marks random so it doesn’t look like an intentional pattern.  Wear safety glasses in case any wood accidentally breaks off your furniture. Experiment with different tools around your house to see what kind of marks they make. Use 120-grit sandpaper to roughen the surfaces on your piece of furniture. This helps the paint adhere better so it’s less likely to peel off or chip. Make sure to sand any surface you plan on painting so you get a nice even coat. You do not need to sand unfinished wood furniture. Wet a cleaning cloth with warm water and wring it out until it’s damp. Wipe all of the surfaces you plan on painting to get rid of any dust or dirt that’s on them. Use another cloth to dry any areas that are wet before you start. Dip the ends of the bristles in your paint so there’s only a small amount on your paintbrush. Start from the top of your piece of furniture and work toward the bottom. Apply a thin layer of paint on the surface so it can dry fast and even. When you’re finished with the first coat, leave it to dry overnight. It’s okay if you still see the wood or laminate underneath your first coat of paint. This can help add to the distressed look of the final piece. Once the first coat of paint has dried completely, put another coat of paint on your piece. Again, work from the top of the furniture down toward the bottom, and paint until it has a smooth matte finish. When you’re done, let it dry for 3-4 days so the paint has time to adhere to the furniture. Corners and edges are usually the first parts that wear away over time, so start by distressing them. Use 120-grit sandpaper to rub the dry paint off of the surface to expose the wood or laminate underneath. Apply light pressure so you don’t accidentally remove more than you want.  Add more distress marks where your furniture touches the floor so it looks like it’s been scratched up after moving around a lot. Wipe any dust away with a damp rag so you can easily see where you’ve already distressed the furniture. If you accidentally rub off too much of the paint, you may paint over the area again and start over. Wax acts as a sealant to help protect your furniture from any damage. Dip the end of a cheesecloth in the wax and spread it across the surface of your furniture. Work the wax into the surface in a circular motion until it’s smooth. Continue waxing the entire piece of furniture so it’s sealed.  Furniture wax can be bought from your local hardware or paint supply stores. Wax may take up to 30 days to completely cure, but you can use the furniture after one week.