Q:Information:  - John Morrissey (February 12, 1831  May 1, 1878), also known as Old Smoke, was an Irish American bare-knuckle boxer and a gang member in New York City in the 1850s and later became a Democratic State Senator and U.S. Congressman from New York, backed by Tammany Hall. Morrissey began his bare-knuckle boxing career after a confrontation with a man known only as "Chroel" who was notorious for troubling his fellow townsmen. Although Morrissey was on the bitter end of his first bare knuckle bout, his display of bravery and fortitude earned himself the respect and historical acknowledgment of his peers.  - Yankee Sullivan (born James Ambrose; c. March 10, 1811  May 31, 1856), also known as Frank Murray and James Sullivan, was a bare-knuckle fighter and boxer. He was a prizefighting champion from 1851 to October 12, 1853. He considered himself to be the inheritor of Tom Hyer's title and lost any claim to that title after losing a fight to John Morrissey.  - George `` Country McCloskey '' McCheester or John McCleester ( fl . 1841 - 1850 ) was an American bare - knuckle boxer and sportsman involved in the early history of pugilism and prize fighting in Old New York . A well known fighter in his youth , his 1841 bout with Tom Hyer at Caldwell 's Landing reportedly lasted nearly 3 hours and went to 101 rounds before the `` Pride of Chatham Square '' seconds threw up the sponge . Considered one of the greatest fights in the city 's history , Hyer was recognized as the top fighter in the United States and awarded the American heavyweight championship . He and Yankee Sullivan were part of a group of promoters arrested following the death of boxer Thomas McCoy who died during a match against Christopher Lilly in Westchester County on September 13 , 1842 . Sullivan , who was the main promoter , was sentenced to two years in prison while McCleester and the others received light jail sentences or fines . McCleester had served as one of the cornermen during the bout . McCleester first became involved with Captain Isaiah Rynders ' Empire Club with John Morrissey during the early 1840s and eventually became an active member of the Democratic Party . Around the time of the nomination for Henry Clay , Johnny Austin was supposed to have been offered $ 2,000 to bring himself and several members over to the rival Whig Unionist Club including McCleester , Manny Kelly , Bill Ford , Mike Philips and Dave Scandlin . It was hoped that McCleester and the others would be able to bolster support for the Whigs , but the offer was refused . Involved in graft , corruption and election fraud in Manhattan 's Sixth Ward during the 1840s and 50s , later to become known as the Tweed Ring , McCleester was one of several lieutenants to Isaiah Rynders , along with Dirty Face Jack , Edward Z.C. Judson and Yankee Sullivan . He later accompanied Yankee Sullivan as his cornerman during Sullivan 's much publicized battle against Hyer in Still Pond Creek , Maryland on February 7 , 1849 . After the 16th...    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'country mccleester' exhibits the relationship of 'employer'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - new york  - new york city  - tammany hall
A: