Information:  - William Horatio Powell (July 29, 1892  March 5, 1984) was an American actor. A major star at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, he was paired with Myrna Loy in 14 films, including the popular "Thin Man" series based on the Nick and Nora Charles characters created by Dashiell Hammett. Powell was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor three times: for "The Thin Man" (1934), "My Man Godfrey" (1936), and "Life with Father" (1947).  - The Songwriters Hall of Fame was founded in 1969 by songwriter Johnny Mercer and music publishers Abe Olman and Howie Richmond to honor those whose work represents a spectrum of the most beloved songs from the world's popular music songbook. It not only celebrates these established songwriters, but is also involved on the development of new songwriting talent through workshops, showcases and scholarships. There are many programs designed to teach and discover new songwriters.  - Woodbridge Strong Van Dyke II (March 21, 1889  February 5, 1943) was an American film director and writer who made several successful early sound films, including "Tarzan the Ape Man" in 1932, "The Thin Man" in 1934, "San Francisco" in 1936, and six popular musicals with Nelson Eddy and Jeanette MacDonald. He received two Academy Award nominations for Best Director for "The Thin Man" and "San Francisco", and directed four actors to Oscar nominations: William Powell, Spencer Tracy, Norma Shearer, and Robert Morley. Known as a reliable craftsman who made his films on schedule and under budget, he earned the name "One Take Woody" for his quick and efficient style of filming.  - Manhattan Melodrama is a 1934 American pre-Code crime melodrama film, produced by MGM, directed by W. S. Van Dyke, and starring Clark Gable, William Powell, and Myrna Loy. The movie also provided one of the earliest film roles for Mickey Rooney, who played Gable's character as a child. The film is based on a story by Arthur Caesar, who won the Academy Award for Best Story for this film. This was Myrna Loy and William Powell in their first of fourteen screen pairings.  - Arthur Caesar ( 9 March 1892 -- 20 June 1953 ) was a screenwriter . Romanian by birth , and brother of the songwriter Irving Caesar , Caesar first started writing Hollywood movies in 1924 . Most of his movies were in the B - movie category . He won an Academy Award for the story of Manhattan Melodrama ( 1934 ) , which is most famous today for being the film that John Dillinger had just been to see before getting gunned down outside the cinema .  - The Academy Award for Best Story was an Academy Award given from the beginning of the Academy Awards until 1957, when it was eliminated in favor of the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.  - Irving Caesar (July 4, 1895  December 18, 1996) was an American lyricist and theater composer who wrote lyrics for numerous song standards including "Swanee," "Sometimes I'm Happy," "Crazy Rhythm," and "Tea for Two," one of the most frequently recorded tunes ever written. In 1972 he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame    'arthur caesar' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'award received'?  Choices: - academy award for best actor  - academy award for best story  - award  - songwriters hall of fame
A: