By. Daily Mail Reporter. Ex-NFL star Terrell Owens' estranged wife has been rushed to hospital following an alleged suicide attempt, it was revealed today. Rachel Snider was hospitalized at the weekend in a serious condition in Texas after leaving Owens when their marriage collapsed after two weeks. Rachel Snider tweeted on Tuesday 'just a little broken down right now' and 'suffering from a broken heart'. Ex-NFL star Terrell Owens' estranged wife Rachel Snider (right) has allegedly been hospitalized after an alleged suicide attempt following the demise of their marriage in just two weeks. There are no specific details as to Ms Snider's injuries. TMZ claimed that Snider pulled out of the marriage because Owens was using her for her money. Ms Snider, who is reportedly a postal worker from the small town of Beaumont, claimed to TMZ that Owens only married her to obtain a $2million loan on a house in California. He denied these claims and a representative reportedly said he was doing well financially. The couple allegedly met on Twitter and starting talking then Owens flew out to visit her. The couple married at a courthouse in Norwalk, California on January 23. MailOnline was awaiting a response after multiple calls to Owens' representative on Thursday. She told TMZ that the couple had been in a secret relationship for five years. She told the gossip website: 'I really valued his love and friendship for five years. 'Out of the love in my heart, I tried to help him. We had a secret relationship for five years and I married him for love.' Ms Snider tweeted on Wednesday: 'Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls. The most massive characters are seared with scars.' Ms Snider reportedly married Owens in a courthouse ceremony on January 23 but their relationship is now over. She was reportedly hospitalized this weekend in a serious condition. Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Terrel Owens, front, in 2007. He played for 15 seasons in the NFL and reportedly made $80million. Owens, 40, is a wide receiver who played. 15 seasons in the NFL for teams including the San Francisco 49ers,. Philadelphia Eagles, Dallas Cowboys and Seattle Seahawks. He earned an estimated $80million during his football career. Owens, known as T.O. to fans, was famous on the field for his flamboyant touchdown celebrations. He is carving out a career on TV and as a model. He has starred in USA Network football-themed drama Necessary Roughness and made a cameo in the film American Reunion. He also once had a reality dating show where he tried to find love in front of the cameras. The former player has four children by four different women, reported nfl.com, and in 2012, he appeared on an episode of Dr Phil to be confronted by three of them about not paying child support. He claimed to have been paying $45,000 in child support each month. He also said at the time he was having money problems due to bad investment and poor management. In the U.S., for support on suicide matters call the National Suicide Prevention Helpline on 1-800-273-8255 or go to suicidepreventionlifeline.org. In the. UK, for confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90,. visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org.

What are highlight points for this article?