Markets Mixed as Focus Shifts to Earnings

Wall Street edged higher on Thursday as investors weighed the impact of an agreement by lawmakers in Washington to reopen the federal government and raise the United States debt ceiling, but disappointing earnings from I.B.M. weighed on the Dow.

In afternoon trading the Standard & Poor’s 500-share index was up 0.3 percent and Nasdaq composite gained 0.2 percent, while the Dow Jones industrial average was 0.4 percent lower.

“Today we are in a sigh of relief that we have averted the crisis, but longer term we haven’t solved the problem,” said Ron Florance, deputy chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank in Scottsdale, Ariz. “Earnings are going to reflect the damage that was done, and if not the earnings, definitely the forward guidance.”

The Dow was dragged lower by I.B.M.'s shares hitting a two-year low a day after reporting a 4 percent drop in third-quarter revenue, weaker than expected. I.B.M., a tech bellwether, was also the worst performing stock on the S. & P., trading down 6.8 percent.

Earlier Thursday, President Obama signed into law a last-minute agreement in Congress to end a partial government shutdown and pull the country back from the brink of a debt default that would have had damaging ripple effects across the world.

The deal provides merely a temporary fix, however, as it finances the federal government until only Jan. 15 and raises the debt ceiling until Feb. 7, with the prospect of another bitter budget fight and shutdown early next year.

“Markets are back to business, the U.S. shutdown was just noise at the end,” said Vincent Ganne, analyst at FXCM. “The spotlight is now on company news as well as on the Fed’s next policy meeting and the outlook for its quantitative easing program.”

Around Europe, the Britain’s FTSE 100 index ended the session up 0.1 percent, Germany’s DAX index lost 0.4 percent, and France’s CAC 40 down 0.1 percent. Asian indexes closed mixed earlier.

On the earnings front, Goldman Sachs shares fell 2.7 percent after it said its quarterly profit dropped amid weak bond-trading volumes.

But Verizon Communications shares rose 3.6 percent after the company posted stronger-than-expected third-quarter earnings and revenue.

EBay dropped 3.9 percent after the company gave a disappointing holiday forecast on Wednesday, saying the United States economic environment had deteriorated partly because of the government shutdown.

Also, shares in food giant Nestlé rose 3.1 percent after the company said an improvement in emerging market demand helped increase sales growth in the third quarter, reassuring investors worried by recent negative news from European rivals Danone and Unilever.

Carrefour, the world’s No. 2 retailer, rose 3.1 percent after the group said sales at its French hypermarkets returned to growth in the third quarter while China sales also improved.

Interest rates on ultra-short-term United States government debt, which had ballooned in recent days as fears of a default grew, fell sharply Thursday in wake of the deal in Washington. The rates on the October and November issues fell as much as 20 basis points to their lowest since the end of September.

Write a one or two sentence summary.