Alecia Beth Moore (born September 8, 1979), known professionally as Pink (often stylized as P!nk), is an American singer, songwriter, dancer and actress. She was signed to her first record label with original R&B girl group, Choice, in 1995. The label, LaFace Records, saw great potential in Pink, offering her a solo deal. Choice disbanded in 1998.

It was announced in February 2016 that Pink will cover a Beatles song, "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds", for the upcoming Netflix original series Beat Bugs. In the same month, it was announced that she had recorded a cover of "White Rabbit" for the movie Alice Through the Looking Glass, while in April it was revealed that she contributed the song "Just like Fire" to the soundtrack of the movie. In Australia, it topped the ARIA Charts. The following July, it was announced that Pink had written a song for French-Canadian singer Celine Dion called "Recovering" for inclusion on her upcoming English-language album. Pink provided guest vocals on country singer Kenny Chesney's single "Setting the World on Fire" which was released on August 1, 2016. The single topped on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and went platinum in the United States and Canada. On March 10, 2017, Pink teamed up with Stargate and Australian star Sia on the former's debut single, "Waterfall".  Pink took a break to write songs for her upcoming seventh album. In June 2017, Pink confirmed that she is making her next studio album. On July 17, 2017, she announced via her official Twitter account that the video shoot for the first single will take place the following week. "What About Us", the lead single from Pink's seventh studio album, Beautiful Trauma, was released on August 10, 2017 and reached number one in Australia. The album was released on October 13, 2017. On August 27, 2017, Pink received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the MTV Video Music Awards. She also performed a medley of some of her hits, including her new single, "What About Us", before accepting the award, which was presented to her by Ellen DeGeneres. "What About Us" reached number one on the Adult Pop Songs chart, earning Pink her ninth leader on the chart, breaking her out of a tie with Katy Perry for the solo female artist with the most number-ones in the chart's history and placing her in second place amongst all acts. "Beautiful Trauma" was released on November 21, 2017, as the second single from Beautiful Trauma to less commercial success, reaching top thirty in Australia, the United Kingdom, France, and Scotland. Although it only managed to peak at number seventy-eight on the Billboard Hot 100, it topped on the Billboard Dance Club Songs chart. On December 5, 2017, Hip-hop artist Eminem revealed that Pink would be collaborating on the song "Need Me" for his ninth studio album Revival.  Although sick with influenza, Pink sang the United States national anthem before the 2018 Super Bowl, a dream she had since, as a child, seeing Whitney Houston sing at Super Bowl XXV in 1991. On March 1, 2018, Pink started her seventh concert tour, the Beautiful Trauma World Tour, which is scheduled to visit North America and Oceania until September 8, 2018.Answer this question using a quote from the following article:

What else was she known for?