News article:

The promotion of Julianna Smoot to White House Social Secretary is good news for wealthy donors to President Obama's campaign, for whom Smoot -- the chief campaign fundraiser -- is friend and point of contact. 
  
 Smoot, who had been working in the relative obscurity of the U.S. Trade Representative's office, will now be the key gatekeeper to the kind of social functions from which donors have complained that this administration, unlike President Clinton's, has barred them. 
  
 But the choice to unite money and access in the person of Smoot -- a career political fundraiser whose efforts were downplayed by a campaign eager to focus on small donors -- cuts against both President Obama's broader message of change and against the talking points of her departing predecessor, Desiree Rogers. 
  
 Rogers told Lynn Sweet that she saw her role as turning the White House into the "people's house," and Michelle Obama praised her in a statement for "welcoming scores of everyday Americans through its doors, from wounded warriors to local schoolchildren to NASCAR drivers." 
  
 Smoot may have the same goal, but her credentials and relationships point in the opposite direction: To ensuring access and satisfaction for the ultra-wealthy elite who will, incidentally, be called on to finance President Obama's next campaign. 
  
 A White House official says appointing a fundraising staffer Social Secretary isn't "outside the norm" because one of President George W. Bush's Social Secretaries, Lea Berman, had been such a staffer, though not one of Smoot's centrality. 
  
 comments closed 
  
 permalink ||||| Smoot will replace Desiree Rogers when she steps down next month. Smoot is a big Democratic donor and last served as chief of staff for U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk. 
  
  
  
 “I am humbled and excited to take on the role of White House Social Secretary and support the Obama administration in a different capacity,” Smoot said in a statement. “Over the last year, I have had the honor of building relationships in the international community through my work at USTR, and I am looking forward to implementing this experience at the White House.” 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 Rogers said she stepped down to explore opportunities in the corporate world but she also came under fire last November after Virginia socialites Michaele and Tareq Salahi crashed the White House's first state dinner. 
  
 Republicans on the House Homeland Security Committee demanded that Rogers testify as to how they gained entry into the event. 
  
 But White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said in December that Rogers would not testify at hearings due to separation of powers. 
  
 Smoot, who served as the 2008 Obama campaign's finance director, comes aboard with Capitol Hill experience as well, having worked for Democratic Sens. Harry Reid (Nev.), Charles Schumer (N.Y.), Dick Durbin (Ill.) and Jay Rockefeller (W.Va.) 
  
 "Julianna Smoot brings extraordinary organization and people skills to the role, and sharp attention to detail – all attributes critical to the highly complex responsibilities of the White House Social Secretary," said Susan Sher, First Lady Michelle Obama's chief of staff. 
  
  |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?