Please answer the following question: Information:  - Hieronymus Bosch (born Jheronimus van Aken ; 1450  9 August 1516) was a Dutch/Netherlandish draughtsman and painter from Brabant. He is widely considered one of the most notable representatives of Early Netherlandish painting school. His work is known for its fantastic imagery, detailed landscapes, and illustrations of religious concepts and narratives. Within his lifetime his work was collected in the Netherlands, Austria, and Spain, and widely copied, especially his macabre and nightmarish depictions of hell.  - Sir Peter Paul Rubens (28 June 1577  30 May 1640) was a Flemish/Netherlandish draughtsman and painter. He is widely considered as the most notable artist of Flemish Baroque art school. A proponent of an extravagant Baroque style that emphasized movement, colour, and sensuality, Rubens is well known for his Counter-Reformation altarpieces, portraits, landscapes, and history paintings of mythological and allegorical subjects.  - The Prado Museum is the main Spanish national art museum, located in central Madrid. It features one of the world's finest collections of European art, dating from the 12th century to the early 20th century, based on the former Spanish Royal Collection, and unquestionably the best single collection of Spanish art. Founded as a museum of paintings and sculpture in 1819, it also contains important collections of other types of works. El Prado is one of the most visited sites in the world, and is considered one of the greatest museums of art in the world. The numerous works by Francisco de Goya, the single most extensively represented artist, as well as by Diego Velázquez, El Greco, Titian, Peter Paul Rubens and Hieronymus Bosch are some of the highlights of the collection.  - Tiziano Vecelli or Tiziano Vecellio (1488/1490  27 August 1576), known in English as Titian , was an Italian painter, the most important member of the 16th-century Venetian school. He was born in Pieve di Cadore, near Belluno (in Veneto, Republic of Venice). During his lifetime he was often called "da Cadore", taken from the place of his birth.  - Doménikos Theotokópoulos (; 1541 7 April 1614), most widely known as El Greco, was a painter, sculptor and architect of the Spanish Renaissance. "El Greco" ("The Greek") was a nickname, a reference to his Greek origin, and the artist normally signed his paintings with his full birth name in Greek letters,   ("Doménikos Theotokópoulos"), often adding the word  ("Krs", "Cretan").  - The Dog is the name usually given to a painting by Spanish artist Francisco Goya , now in the Museo del Prado , Madrid . It shows the head of a small black dog gazing upwards . The dog itself is almost lost in the vastness of the rest of the image , which is empty except for a dark sloping area near the bottom of the picture : an unidentifiable mass which conceals the animal 's body . The Dog is one of the Black Paintings Goya painted directly onto the walls of his house sometime between 1819 and 1823 . He did not intend the paintings for public exhibition ( they were not removed from the house until 50 years after Goya had left ) , so it is unlikely that he gave them titles .    What entity does 'the dog ' has the relation 'creator' with?
Answer: