q... Witney was announced as a troupe dancer on reality television series, Dancing with the Stars in March 2013. Carson (along with DWTS pro dancer, Lindsay Arnold) was a contestant on So You Think You Can Dance season nine. She continued dancing and choreographing for the troupe on season 17.

When did witney carson start dancing with the stars?
a... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Witney was announced as a troupe dancer on reality television series, Dancing with the Stars in March 2013.
The answer is March 2013


q... After defeating Owen Shaw and his crew and securing amnesty for their past crimes, Dominic "Dom" Toretto, Brian O'Conner and the rest of their team have returned to the United States to live normal lives again. Brian begins to accustom himself to life as a father, while Dom tries to help Letty Ortiz regain her memory. Meanwhile, Owen's older brother, Deckard Shaw, breaks into the secure hospital that the comatose Owen is being held in and swears vengeance against Dom and his team, before breaking into Luke Hobbs' Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) office to extract profiles of Dom's crew. After revealing his identity, Shaw engages Hobbs in a fight, and escapes when he detonates a bomb that severely injures Hobbs. Dom later learns from his sister Mia that she is pregnant again and convinces her to tell Brian. However, a bomb, disguised in a package sent from Tokyo, explodes and destroys the Toretto house just seconds after Han, a member of Dom's team, is killed by Shaw in Tokyo. Dom later visits Hobbs in a hospital, where he learns that Shaw is a rogue special forces assassin seeking to avenge his brother. Dom then travels to Tokyo to claim Han's body, and meets and races Sean Boswell, a friend of Han's who gives him personal items found at Han's crash site.

Answer this question: who died in the movie fast and furious 7?
a... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: However, a bomb, disguised in a package sent from Tokyo, explodes and destroys the Toretto house just seconds after Han, a member of Dom's team, is killed by Shaw in Tokyo.
The answer is Han


q... "All Creatures of Our God and King" is an English Christian Easter hymn by William Henry Draper, based on a poem by St Francis of Assisi. It was first published in a hymn book in 1919.

Who wrote all creatures of our god and king?
a... To answer this question, we should know that: "All Creatures of Our God and King" is an English Christian Easter hymn by William Henry Draper, based on a poem by St Francis of Assisi.
The answer is William Henry Draper


q... English lyrics were written by Mack David and numerous versions were recorded in the US in 1950. Those that charted were by Tony Martin (reached the No. 9 position in the Billboard charts), Paul Weston (No. 12 position), Bing Crosby (No. 13 position), Edith Piaf (No. 23 position), Ralph Flanagan (No. 27 position) and Victor Young (No. 27 position). Louis Armstrong recorded C'est si bon and La Vie en rose in New York City with Sy Oliver and his Orchestra on June 26, 1950 and this reached the No. 28 position in the Billboard charts. Bing Crosby also recorded the song in French in 1953 for his album Le Bing: Song Hits of Paris.

When did louis armstrong sing la vie en rose?
a...