In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Some leases allow tenants to make more changes to space than others. Call your landlord and ask them what you're allowed to do in your rental. You may be able to change fixtures or knobs, paint the walls, or apply wallpaper.  If your landlord doesn’t want you to make changes, you can try to convince them by explaining that you’re trying to raise the property value. You can also tell them that you’ll repaint the walls before you move out. if you’re allowed to. Get swatches from the paint store and hold them up against your walls to help you determine if the color is right for the decor that you want to achieve. Then, purchase the paint from a hardware or paint store. To paint your walls, lay drop cloths and apply a coat of primer with a brush to the wall. Then, use a roller or a brush and apply paint in long broad strokes down the wall until it's covered in paint. You may want to apply more than one coat depending on how dark you want the wall to be.  You can also paint a single accent wall instead of painting them all. Once you decide on a color, make sure to send your landlord a swatch to get their approval before you start painting. Think of what kind of palette you want and go for a color that compliments the furniture and items that you already have in your apartment. Rooms that have a lot of natural light look better with lighter colors while darker rooms, like basements, look better with darker colored walls. Some special wallpapers have a temporary adhesive that allows you to move or remove wallpaper without damaging the wall. Popular brands include Chasing Paper, Graham & Brown, and Spoonflower. Look for temporary wallpaper that matches your existing decor and consider purchasing and applying it to your walls. To apply the wallpaper, peel off the back of the paper and smooth it out over your walls in sheets.  Some temporary wallpapers may require mixing together a weak adhesive. If you don’t want to wallpaper all of your walls, you can frame rooms with wallpaper by only applying it to the edges of the wall. and art on the walls to add interest. Paintings, posters, and family photos are great ways to add something to bare walls. Choose art pieces or photos that flow with the rest of the room. Screw picture hooks into the wall and hang artwork or photographs.  For instance, if you are using neutral colors, black and white photos might look good. If you have colorful rooms, you should have colorful photos or artwork. on the walls to highlight decor and create storage. Shelving attached to your walls will not only create storage space but could add to the decor. Put pieces of China or other decor items like figurines, art, baskets, or jars on top of the shelving to add a different look to a room. Purchase shelving or create it yourself and screw in brackets to securely attach it to the wall. around your home to make the space look larger. Hanging a mirror in a room not only makes it appear larger, it can also contribute to the room's decor. Look for mirrors that have fashionable or elaborate frames.  You can hang mirrors in narrow hallways or staircases. You can also make a mirror a focal point by leaning it against a wall rather than hanging it.

Summary: