In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Take out everything that you brought into the house or apartment, including wall-mounted decorations and shelving units. Remove pictures, posters and decals from the walls. Check the closets and cabinets to make sure you haven’t left anything behind. Check your walls carefully and remove any tape, nails, picture hangers, or poster gum. Check for dirt, marks and smudges, especially if you have small children in the house. Use a duster to remove cobwebs. Scrub dirty areas with a gentle cleanser and a rag or soft sponge.  On latex paints, use a solution of water with a few drops of dish detergent, or a gallon (3.8 liters) of water mixed with 3-4 tablespoons (45-60 ml) of white vinegar. On tougher oil-based paints, like those used in kitchens, you can use a gentle degreaser. Use caution when cleaning around electrical fixtures, like light switches and outlet covers. Wring your sponge out carefully before attempting to clean these surfaces. You may wish to switch off your electricity at the circuit breaker before cleaning a dirty outlet cover. Use an all-purpose cleaner (like Formula 409) or specialized kitchen cleanser (like Bar Keepers Friend) and a gentle sponge or Magic Eraser to scrub your stove, refrigerator, and dishwasher (if you have one). If you can, remove bins and racks from your fridge and oven and wash them in the sink with a gentle detergent or a solution of warm water and baking soda. Take special care to clean your bathtub, shower, toilet, and sinks. Use Comet or a similar cleanser for plumbing fixtures, along with a gentle scrubber or magic eraser, to clean off soap scum, stains, and hard water deposits. For especially stubborn stains or deposits, you may need to let the cleanser sit for several minutes before you start scrubbing. A little bit of white vinegar mixed with water is also excellent for removing lime and soap scum. Wipe down your counters and the exteriors of your cabinets with a gentle cleanser and a rag or sponge. Areas around the handles of cabinets are especially prone to getting smudged and grimy. Don’t forget to clean out the insides of your cabinets, as well. For tough spots, use a mildly abrasive mixture of baking soda and water, and scrub with a soft brush. Spray your mirrors and windows with a glass cleaner (like Windex) and wipe them clean with a rag or sponge, making sure not to leave behind streaks or lint. You can also clean glass surfaces with a mixture of white vinegar and hot water. You may wish to save cleaning your floors for last, since cleaning walls and other surfaces can create a mess on the floor. Once you are ready, wipe up any wet spots on the floors. Sweep hard floor surfaces clean with a broom and dustpan. Vacuum any carpeted surfaces. Once you have swept, mop any hard floor surfaces with a traditional push mop or a steam mop. In areas that are especially prone to messy floors, like kitchens and bathrooms, you may wish to go over the floor more than once. Scrub any extra stubborn spots with a scrub brush and detergent. Take extra care when cleaning hardwood floors. Ask your landlord or property manager what type of finish is on your floor and get appropriate cleansers before attempting to clean it thoroughly.