She later made a cameo appearance as herself in Jagadish's Nannbenda, starring Udhayanidhi Stalin and Nayantara. She also dubbed her own voice for the same. In July 2015, the first part of S. S. Rajamouli's two-part multilingual fictional epic film Baahubali, co-starring Prabhas, Rana Daggubati and Anushka Shetty, was released. She played the role of Avanthika, a Warrior Princess of an unspecified era. For her role, she had to lose five to six kilos of weight and also, special care was taken regarding the looks, costumes and jewelry of her character. The film received positive reviews from critics and Tamannaah was praised for her performance. The movie collected around Rs650 crore (US$100 million) and eventually became the top grosser of Telugu cinema and third highest grossing Indian film.  Her next release was M. Rajesh's Vasuvum Saravananum Onna Padichavanga, co-starring Arya, N. Santhanam and Bhanu, in which she would showcase her own jewelry designs from Wite & Gold. The film received negative reviews from the critics. Later she made a cameo appearance in the bilingual film Size Zero which features Arya, Anushka Shetty and Sonal Chauhan in the lead roles.  Her last release of 2015 was Sampath Nandi's Bengal Tiger, co-starring Ravi Teja for the first time. She was praised for her looks in the film. It opened to mixed reviews but was commercially successful at the box office by grossing Rs40.5 crore (US$6.2 million) globally and also became the 8th highest grossing Telugu film of the year. Tamannaah expressed her happiness over the success of the film and said "Without Ravi Teja sir I can't imagine this film as only he could justify the character".  She performed her second item number in Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao's Speedunnodu featuring Bellamkonda Sreenivas and Sonarika Bhadoria in the lead roles which released in February 2016. She charged half of her remuneration to appear in that song, titled "Bachelor Babu", which was made on a budget of Rs2.25 crore (US$340,000). Her next release was Vamsi's Oopiri which is a remake of The Intouchables (2011), co-starring Akkineni Nagarjuna and Karthi, being filmed in Telugu and Tamil simultaneously. The film opened to positive reviews.  Her next release was Tamil film Dharma Durai. In which she played a doctor and she also appeared in the film without makeup and it opened to positive reviews.The film also ran successfully in box office. Her next release was a Short Film - Ranveer Ching Returns with Ranveer Singh directed by Rohit Shetty and it received positive reviews from critics. In October 2016 Tamannah release her third item number in Telugu-Kannada bilingual film Jaguar. Her next release was female oriented trilingual (Tamil--Telugu--Hindi) film Devi. First time she appeared in double role in full length and her first horror film in three different languages and it also opened to positive reviews. She also been praised for her acting in the film and the film collected Rs100 crore (US$15 million) at box office including three languages. and her last release in 2016 was Kaththi Sandai, co-starring Vishal. It opened to mixed reviews from critics and became commercial failure.

Answer this question "What women-centric films was she in?" by extracting the answer from the text above.