Write a summary based on this article:

Nicole Sedgebeer took a picture with Mark after he helped her return home from London 
  
 Nicole Sedgebeer sets up JustGiving page for homeless man who helped her get... 
  
 A Milton Keynes woman has set up a JustGiving page to raise money for a homeless man who helped her find her way home from London. 
  
 Nicole Sedgebeer, 21, was on a work night out in the capital last Thursday (March 9) when she became stranded outside Euston at about 3am. 
  
 With the station doors locked and her phone out of battery, Nicole was alone and fearful of what to do next. 
  
 But in her hour of need, a homeless man called Mark walked her to a nearby all-night café to make sure she was safe, and even led her back to Euston in time for the first train home at about 5.25am. 
  
 Stunned by his kindness, Nicole posted her story on Facebook to thank him, and says the experience has changed her view on homelessness. 
  
 She said: "I was a bit emotional and panicked, so I approached Mark and asked him what should I do? 
  
 "We had a motivational speaker come into work recently, and he mentioned about moments in life you will never forget, and this is one of them for me. 
  
 "We are so caught up in our normal day-to-day life, we walk past and do not think about their stories. Now I think completely differently – it has completely changed my perception." 
  
 After sharing several phone conversations since, the pair are due to appear on ITV this evening (March 9) after Nicole's Facebook post went viral – racking up almost 13,000 shares. 
  
 To thank Mark for his help, Nicole has set-up a JustGiving page and is aiming to raise £1,000 to help support her new friend." 
  
 She added: "We had breakfast and he told me about his life. He used to work with the army and has been homeless for 12 years. 
  
 "So I have set up a JustGiving page to help him get back on his feet and get a job. 
  
 To read more about Nicole and Mark, visit their JustGiving page here: https://crowdfunding.justgiving.com/helpthehomeless. 
  
 For all the latest news in Milton Keynes check out our website, and to keep up-to-date with us on social media you can like our Facebook page and follow our Twitter account. ||||| The seed for Wide00014 was: 
  
 - Slash pages from every domain on the web: 
  
  
  
  
  
 -- a ranking of all URLs that have more than one incoming inter-domain link (rank was determined by number of incoming links using Wide00012 inter domain links) 
  
  
  
 -- up to a maximum of 100 most highly ranked URLs per domain 
  
 - Top ranked pages (up to a max of 100) from every linked-to domain using the Wide00012 inter-domain navigational link graph ||||| A woman who was helped by a homeless man after becoming stranded when she missed the last train home in London has raised nearly £10,000 for him. 
  
 Nicole Sedgebeer, from Milton Keynes, took to social media to tell the story of how a homeless man called Mark stepped in to help her when she was on the verge of bursting into tears at Euston Station. 
  
 Recounting how Mark walked her to an all-night cafe as it was dangerous for Nicole to be walking by herself at night, she said she hoped the story would "make people look twice when they see a homeless person". |||||