Q: The phrase "Armor of God" is derived from Ephesians 6: 11: "Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil." (King James Version). As a Biblical reference, the metaphor may refer to physical armour worn by God in metaphorical battles, or it may refer to vigilant righteousness in general as bestowed by the grace of God (Romans 13: 12, King James Version): "The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light."

Based on this passage, what scripture talks about the whole armor of god?
A: Ephesians 6 : 11. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: The phrase "Armor of God" is derived from Ephesians 6: 11: "Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.

Q: In the United States, Medicare is a national health insurance program, now administered by the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services of the U.S. federal government but begun in 1966 under the Social Security Administration. United States Medicare is funded by a combination of a payroll tax, premiums and surtaxes from beneficiaries, and general revenue. It provides health insurance for Americans aged 65 and older who have worked and paid into the system through the payroll tax. It also provides health insurance to younger people with some disability status as determined by the Social Security Administration, as well as people with end stage renal disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.

What tax is used to provide medical services for persons over the age of 65?
A: the payroll tax. How to explain the answer? The relevant information to answer the above question is: It provides health insurance for Americans aged 65 and older who have worked and paid into the system through the payroll tax.

Q: Passage: Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), Prime Minister's Peoples' Wealth Scheme, is a government scheme that aims to expand and make affordable access to financial services such as bank accounts, remittances, credit, insurance and pensions. This financial inclusion campaign was launched by the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi on 15 August 2014. He had announced this scheme on his first Independence Day speech on 15 August 2014.

Question: Based on this passage, what is pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana in hindi?
A: , Prime Minister 's Peoples ' Wealth Scheme. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), Prime Minister's Peoples' Wealth Scheme, is a government scheme that aims to expand and make affordable access to financial services such as bank accounts, remittances, credit, insurance and pensions.

Q: Passage: The town of Karwan, near the fortress city of Golkonda, now a suburb of Hyderabad, became the world's largest diamond-cutting and diamond-trading center. Golconda was not close to diamond mines, but owed its status as a diamond center to its location on a major trade route from the mines to the south and east. The diamonds became known as Golconda Diamonds, and in Europe, the word Golconda came to mean a place of great wealth.

Question: Based on this passage, which place is famous for diamonds in india?
A: