Jorge Posada days as Yankees full-time DH seem to be over as he sits vs. A's for Andruw Jones

BY Mark Feinsand DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

Wednesday, June 1st 2011, 4:00 AM

OAKLAND - Jorge Posada's days as a full-time designated hitter appear to be over.

The veteran was out of the lineup again Tuesday night, as Joe Girardi started Andruw Jones at DH against lefthander Brett Anderson.

Posada won't start again Wednesday against southpaw Gio Gonzalez, as Girardi hinted that Alex Rodriguez would get a turn as the DH.

Girardi stopped short of calling his DH situation a platoon, although he acknowledged that "you could look at it that way" given Posada's 0-for-26 skid against lefties this season. Posada's last start against a lefty came on May 7 in Texas against Derek Holland.

"Jorge hasn't had success right-handed this year, but he's had success in the past," Girardi said.

"It's just kind of worked out that way. (Brett Gardner) has hit lefthanders as well and Andruw Jones has hit them lately. I guess you could look at it that way, but when a lefty was in there, I let Jorge face the lefthander (Monday) night. It's not that I'm going to completely take every at-bat against Jorge against lefthanders."

Girardi hasn't sat Posada down to tell him he won't see any action against lefties, although the manager isn't committing to giving him any such at-bats, either.

"I can't say that I won't, but I can't say that I necessarily will," Girardi said. "I don't want to get boxed in here."

Asked how long the Yankees can wait for struggling hitters such as Posada (.169) and Nick Swisher (.213) to turn things around, Brian Cashman said it's a "feel" thing.

Swisher went 1-for-4 with a walk against the A'sÂ Tuesday night.

"You have to give it some time, get a feel and make some decisions when we feel they're appropriate - if we think they need to be made," Cashman said.

"We're worried about anybody who is struggling. When we get those guys going, we'll focus on whoever else is struggling. Swish had a good series in Seattle, so hopefully that's a sign that he's on the come for us."

LEADING MANFor all the talk about Derek Jeter's .259 batting average this season, the captain has been getting the job done as a leadoff hitter. Jeter has gotten on to lead off the first inning 21 times in 42 games this season, including a single to start Tuesday night's contest. Jeter entered Tuesday night hitting .375 with a .430 on-base percentage when leading off any inning.

"That's pretty good," Girardi said before Jeter went 2-for-4 with three runs scored Tuesday night. "That's giving your team an opportunity to score in the first inning. I think he's playing pretty well."

WELCOME BACKRussell Martin returned to the lineupÂ Tuesday night and went 0-for-4 after missing the past two games with a sore left big toe... The Yankees and A's will finish up their three-game series with a matinee at the Coliseum Wednesday. The Yankees are 13-3 in day games this season, the best record in the majors.

PITCHING INCC Sabathia will throw out the ceremonial first pitch as part of the North Vallejo Little League Spring Classic Wednesday. Sabathia underwrote the rebuilding of the league's field, which he played on as a youth.
What are the most important parts of this text?