I read their reviews and the 4.5 star average immediately intrigued me. It takes a lot to earn a 4.5/5 star average on yelp and it made me wonder, it made me ponder and it made me eager to visit immediately to see what all this burger hype was about.   While planning an office hours at Lobby's, I spoke to Lobby several times and listened to him explain the attention he gives to his burgers. The incredibly lean meat, the personal attention to each patty, Lobby's commitment to making the patty's from scratch...it sounded like this was a business that was definitely handled with some tender loving care.   So the day arrived for me to finally visit Lobby's. The directions indicated that it was in a strip mall. For those of you who might get a little turned around like I do...go towards the grocery store and when you're facing it look to the left and behind you and poof, there's Lobby's! So I walked in and received a friendly welcome from the staff the second my foot entered the store. As I sat there for several hours, I noticed that Lobby and staff treat every customer the same way and each customer gets a personal welcome upon arrival. I also like how they welcome but they don't banter the potential customers to try the food. They let the customer decide for themselves. The decor was retro and cool and I could see the burger and fries being made right in front of me. I glanced at the menu even though I knew that only a burger this visit would do, and I was pleased with the price. Inexpensive.   Moving on to the grand finale, the food. I ordered the cheeseburger and upon the staffer's recommendation, I got it with provolone and kept everything on it, especially Lobby's special sauce. The staffer suggested I take some special sauce on the side for my fries and swore by it so I didn't question the man and said OK! The burger and fries arrived and I immediately knew I was in trouble... the gluttony kind. Nestled on a fresh sesame bun and topped with thick and juicy pickles, lettuce, tomato and the special sauce, the patty was cooked to perfection and just the right size. I took one bite and was in cheeseburger paradise and I didn't even have to go to Hawaii! The burger was juicy, full of taste and the meat was lean. The special sauce. Oh my the special sauce. It's not your typical special burger sauce. There was an ingredient in there that made it just the right amount of sweet and perfect for dipping fries. I guess the lesson here is trust the Lobby's staffer! I tried to guess what the ingredients in the special sauce were but Lobby said that nobody has ever been able to guess. So that's a challenge yelpers. Figure out what's in the special sauce and let me know! The fries were crunchy and delicious, but there were a lot of them so if you go with a friend, you might want to share the fries since the burger will fill you up.   I can't wait to visit Lobby's again and try the Italian Beef sandwich Donald S was raving about. If it's anything like the burger, I know I'll be in heaven. But in the meantime, I'll just have burgerlicious dreams about the tastiness I experienced with Lobby's Burgers. And now I see why they have such a high rating on yelp. Bravo Lobby!
Choose the sentiment of this review?
Options:
 (1). negative.
 (2). positive.