Article: People give off noticeable changes in their movements when they feel attracted to someone.  While everyone has their own set of bodily cues, there are some common signs to look out for when someone's crushing.  Open postures such as uncrossed legs, open arms, and palms facing up. People will often lean in much closer to a crush when speaking with them in comparison to the personal space they use with platonic friends. Sometimes people will play with their hair, jewelry, or will simply make extended eye contact and smile during their conversations with crushes. Prolonged eye contact, even for just over a second, is a common sign of either aggression or romantic interest. Pay close attention to how long your friend's crush gazes at your buddy. If they fail to maintain consistent eye contact, then it could be a bad sign for any hopes of a relationship. On the contrary, it's an excellent signal of affection if they constantly stay locked onto each other's eyes during conversations. See if your friend's crush interacts with your friend frequently on social media accounts such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Pay attention to the language they use with your friend, and see if they use obvious signs such as smiley face or winky face emojis. People looking to give off signs of attraction will likely dole out many compliments to their crush.  Watch to see if your friend's crush praises them on their talents or academic accomplishments. It's important to note that being complimentary isn't always a sign of affection, so it's crucial to pay attention to the frequency of their praise and admiration. Compliments on physical features are an especially key sign of flirting. Did your friend's crush notice their new glasses, haircut, or workout routine? Flirts tend to notice these subtle changes and point them out to convey affection. Sexual innuendos laced in jokes and conversations can also be not-so-subtle signs of a flirt's desire to spice up conversations with the person of their desire. Flirts will commonly drop hints in conversations that reflect their relationship status, such as mentioning they're recently single or how lonely they've been. Some people may flirt very openly and little guessing is required, while others can be introverted flirts with more subtle signs of affection.  Physical flirts rely on body language cues to convey their feelings. They often use physical signs of affection before verbal cues, such as eye contact and playful touching. Traditional flirts tend to be more polite, preferring to convey affection over a longer period of time instead of using flashy and overt statements such as saying they're single or rubbing their crush's arm. These flirts also prefer professional environments like bookstores or study groups to build relationships over parties. Playful flirts use very clear signs of affection in a boisterous manner. For example, they may joke excessively in a sexual way with their crush or make bold physical complements about their crush's appearance. Find out who your crush's friends are and ask around to see if what the status of the crush's feelings are. Chances are if the crush is significant the word has already made its way around to people.
What is a summary of what this article is about?