Information:  - Jochen Arbeit is a German Foley artist . He has been a member of the band Einstürzende Neubauten since the middle of the 1990s and was a member of Die Haut from 1984 until disbanding in 1997 , which also included Einstürzende Neubauten percussionist Rudi Moser and Thomas Wydler , drummer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds . Since 2008 he has worked with Gerd Bessler and Hopek Quirin as the trio ABQ ( Arbeit Bessler Quirin ) , which released its first live album to Surrism - Phonoethics in January 2010 .  - Einstürzende Neubauten ("Collapsing New Buildings") is a German industrial band, originally from West Berlin, formed in 1980. The group currently comprises Blixa Bargeld (lead vocals, guitar, keyboard), Alexander Hacke (bass, guitar, vocals), N.U. Unruh (custom-made instruments, percussion, vocals), Jochen Arbeit (guitar and vocals), and Rudolf Moser (custom-built instruments, percussion, and vocals).  - A drummer is a musician who plays drums, which includes a drum kit ("drum set" or "trap set", including cymbals) and accessory-based hardware which includes an assortment of pedals and standing support mechanisms, marching percussion or any musical instrument that is struck within the context of a wide assortment of musical genres. The term percussionist applies to a musician who performs struck musical instruments of numerous diverse shapes, sizes and applications. Most contemporary western ensembles bands for rock, pop, jazz, R&B etc. include a drummer for purposes including timekeeping and embellishing the musical timbre. Most drummers of this particular designation work within the context of a larger contingent (a.k.a. rhythm section) that may also include, keyboard (a percussion instrument) or guitar, auxiliary percussion (often of non western origin) and bass (bass viol or electric). Said ensembles may also include melodic based mallet percussion including: vibraphone, marimba or xylophone. The rhythm section, being the core metronomic foundation with which other melodic instruments, including voices, may present the harmonic/melodic portion of the material.  - Alexander Hacke (also known as Alexander von Borsig, Alex Hacke, Hacke, born 11 October 1965 in Berlin/Neukölln) is a guitarist, bass guitarist, singer, musician and record producer from Germany. He is primarily known as a longtime member of the influential German industrial music group Einstürzende Neubauten.  - Thomas Wydler (born 9 October 1959, Zurich, Switzerland), is a Swiss musician best known for being a core member of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, of which he has been a drummer since 1985. Prior to joining them, he was a member of the experimental German band Die Haut. Wydler has been present on almost every Bad Seeds album, making his first appearance on "Kicking Against The Pricks". Wydler is the longest-serving member of the Bad Seeds due to Mick Harvey's departure in late January 2009, and he splits drumming duties with Jim Sclavunos with each sharing percussive roles.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'jochen arbeit' exhibits the relationship of 'instrument'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - bass  - drum kit  - guitar  - marimba  - percussion instrument  - viol
Answer: