By. Sean O'hare. PUBLISHED:. 13:12 EST, 12 December 2012. |. UPDATED:. 11:50 EST, 13 December 2012. A jeweller fought off a gang of masked raiders who attacked him with a sledgehammer, by hurling gold watches at them. Dramatic CCTV stills show the moment four balaclava-wearing robbers smashed their way into David Nicholl's jewellery shop in Smethwick, West Midlands, at 4.40pm on Saturday. The thieves then smashed glass counters before loading 17 trays of gold jewellery, worth tens of thousands of pounds, into a bag. Scroll down for video. Four balaclava-clad raiders burst into David Nicholls' Smethwick jewellers shop in West Midlands on Saturday armed with sledgehammers. Glass smashes everywhere as robbers help themselves to the trays of jewellery. In the top right of the screen one robber can be seen striking Mr Nicholls with a sledgehammer. Mr Nicholls begins to fight back and despite the grainy footage, you can just make out one robber putting his arms up to defend himself as Mr Nicholls throws heavy gold watches and broken jewellery trays. The armed gang of four decide enough is enough and flee Mr Nicholls' shop, carrying with them a total of 17 trays of jewellery worth tens of thousands of pounds. Shop owner David Nicholls was twice hit over the head with a sledgehammer but incredibly the 52-yeat-old fought back by hitting the raiders with the broken display cases. He then grabbed a handful of gold watches and threw them at the yobs who fled. Mr Nicholls, who suffered a head injury and needed hospital treatment, said today: 'I just thank God that I didn't get shot or killed or maimed in any way. 'We will recover, it will take a while. 'The bad thing for us is that we didn't have insurance, we were between insurance companies and the loss we will have to take ourselves. 'I was trying to protect my wife when they came in and then I just reacted and thought I'd try and stop them. 'The only thing I could grab was the display cabinets which they had smashed and I just tried to hit them with it. Loss: Mr Nicholls was between insurers at the time of Saturday's robbery and is not covered for the theft. He is considering closing down. 'I grabbed whatever I could and the next thing I knew I was lobbing gold watches at them. 'They were pretty heavy and were hitting the robbers who obviously just had enough and they ran off. 'A few trays of jewellery dropped to the floor, I think they were shocked at being attacked back. 'I didn't think about myself even though my head was bleeding badly.' The four offenders got away with tens of thousands of pounds worth of stock, and Mr Nicholls admitted he was unsure whether to continue running the business. Detective Constable Steve Goddard, from West Midlands Police, said: 'The victim was lucky to have got away with relatively minor injuries following what was an extremely nasty attack, there was no need for the level of violence used. 'I'm keen to hear from anyone who witnessed any of what happened or anyone who has any information about who may be responsible.' New rules: Mr Nicholls no longer takes any chances and now asks. customers to ring a bell and wait outside his shop, Davand Jewellery, in. Smethwick, West Midlands, before he lets them in.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: