Problem:The National Film Awards is the most prominent film award ceremonies in India. Established in 1954, it has been administered, along with the International Film Festival of India and the Indian Panorama, by the Indian government's Directorate of Film Festivals since 1973.

Answer this question based on the passage: who presents national film awards traditionally in india?
Solution:OK... The important part for answering this question is: Established in 1954, it has been administered, along with the International Film Festival of India and the Indian Panorama, by the Indian government's Directorate of Film Festivals since 1973.
the Indian government 's Directorate of Film Festivals.

Student A:Galvanization (or galvanizing as it is most commonly called in that industry) is the process of applying a protective zinc coating to steel or iron, to prevent rusting. The most common method is hot-dip galvanizing, in which parts are submerged in a bath of molten zinc.

Iron nails to be used outdoors are coated with this to prevent the iron from rusting?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Galvanization (or galvanizing as it is most commonly called in that industry) is the process of applying a protective zinc coating to steel or iron, to prevent rusting.
zinc.

Problem:Passage: Lisa Loring (born Lisa Ann DeCinces; February 16, 1958) is an American actress. She is best known for having played Wednesday Addams on the 1964 -- 1966 sitcom The Addams Family.

Question: Based on this passage, who played wednesday in the original addams family?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: She is best known for having played Wednesday Addams on the 1964 -- 1966 sitcom The Addams Family.
Lisa Loring.

Student A:Co-Founders "Beaver" Aplin and Don Wasek opened the first store, which is still open as of 2017, in Lake Jackson, Texas in 1982. Aplin formed the name Buc-ee's by combining his childhood nickname and the name of his Labrador Retriever, Buck.

When did the first buc ee's open?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Co-Founders "Beaver" Aplin and Don Wasek opened the first store, which is still open as of 2017, in Lake Jackson, Texas in 1982.
1982.

Problem:"Do n't Cry for Me Argentina" was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice while they were developing Evita for Broadway in 1976. Both were extremely intrigued by the stories surrounding the life of Eva Perón while researching about her during the mid-1970s. Evita was initially produced as an album, before being adapted for the stage, following a formula that Lloyd Webber and Rice had employed during the production of Jesus Christ Superstar, their previous musical. The duo had written the songs for a female singer with good vocals.

Answer this question based on the passage: when was the song don't cry for me argentina written?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: "Do n't Cry for Me Argentina" was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice while they were developing Evita for Broadway in 1976.
1976.

Problem:The Grinch (Benedict Cumberbatch) hatches a scheme to ruin Christmas when the residents of Whoville plan their annual holiday celebration.

Answer this question: who plays the grinch in the new movie?
Solution: