Idea for the Q&A below: To answer the question, consider the following: Holt McCallany as Jerry "The Beast" Manning, an Aryan Brotherhood shot caller
Q: Nikolaj Coster-Waldau as Jacob Harlon / Money Omari Hardwick as Kutcher, Money's parole officer Lake Bell as Kate Harlon, Jacob's wife Jon Bernthal as Frank "Shotgun", a former prison buddy and associate of Money, PEN1 member Emory Cohen as Howie, a young acolyte of Money and war veteran Jeffrey Donovan as Bottles, one of his key prison influences and PEN1 shot caller Evan Jones as Chopper, Money's former cellmate and associate of Shotgun Benjamin Bratt as Sheriff Sanchez, who is partnered with Kutcher Holt McCallany as Jerry "The Beast" Manning, an Aryan Brotherhood shot caller Juan Pablo Raba as Herman Gómez, Leader of the Sureños Matt Gerald as Phil Cole, a parole officer chasing some gang members. Michael Landes as Steve Jessy Schram as Jennifer Keith Jardine as Ripper, a member of the Nazi Low Riders Chris Browning as Redwood / Toby Simms Max Greenfield as Tom, Jacob's best friend Monique Candelaria as Lola Gomez, Herman's wife

Who played the beast in the movie shot caller?
A: Holt McCallany

Idea for the Q&A below: This is the relevant information: The Gerontology Research Group (GRG), an organization that tracks supercentenarians and validates longevity claims, has validated claims of over 700 American supercentenarians and as of 15 July 2018, lists six verified living American supercentenarians, the oldest of whom is Lessie Brown, born September 22, 1904, aged 113 years, 296 days.
Q: Passage: This article includes lists of supercentenarians from the United States (people from the United States who have attained the age of at least 110 years). The Gerontology Research Group (GRG), an organization that tracks supercentenarians and validates longevity claims, has validated claims of over 700 American supercentenarians and as of 15 July 2018, lists six verified living American supercentenarians, the oldest of whom is Lessie Brown, born September 22, 1904, aged 113 years, 296 days. The oldest person ever from the United States was Sarah Knauss, who died on December 30, 1999, aged 119 years, 97 days.

Question: Based on this passage, who is the oldest living person in the united states?
A: Lessie Brown

Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information is: Kaye also played Thoros of Myr in HBO's Game of Thrones as well as the voice of Vincent the fox on the BBC comedy Mongrels ...
Q: Paul Kaye (born 15 December 1969) is an English comedian and actor. He achieved notoriety in 1995 portraying the character of Dennis Pennis, a shock interviewer on The Sunday Show. He was later known as rude New Jersey lawyer Mike Strutter with his own show Strutter on MTV. Kaye also played Thoros of Myr in HBO's Game of Thrones as well as the voice of Vincent the fox on the BBC comedy Mongrels ...

Answer this question based on the passage: who plays thoros of myr in game of thrones?
A: Paul Kaye

Idea for the Q&A below: To answer this question, we should know that: This chemical energy is stored in carbohydrate molecules, such as sugars, which are synthesized from carbon dioxide and water -- hence the name photosynthesis, from the Greek φῶς, phōs, "light", and σύνθεσις, synthesis, "putting together".
