Summarize:

Make a loop about 6 inches (15.2 cm) from the free end of the yarn. The free end should hang behind your loop. Insert your crochet hook through the loop and hook the free end before pulling it back through the loop and onto the hook. Remember not to count your first stitch towards the 60 chains. To make one chain stitch, you'll want to hold the hook in you right hand and loop the working yarn over your left index finger. Hold the end of the slipknot between the thumb and middle finger of your left hand. Then, bring the yarn from back to front around the shaft of the hook, drawing it through the loop on the hook. Repeat this to make the first row, or foundation chain. Add 3 chains onto the 60 that you already have. This will maintain the height when you start crocheting the following rows. This will effectively count as turning your work, so just continue crocheting the row. To double chain, insert your hook into the fourth chain. Yarn over and pull the yarn through the chain. At this point, you should have three loops on your hook. Yarn over again and pull through two loops on your hook. You should now have one loop on your hook. Make sure to insert your hook into the chain and not the gap closer to your hook. To double crochet into your chain, insert your hook and yarn over. Pull up a loop, yarn over, pull through two, yarn over and pull through two. Continue doing this across the length of the chain. Check to make sure you have 60 stitches once you complete the row. Turning your work simply means rotating it so that the last stitch you worked becomes the beginning of the next row. skip one stitch and double crochet 6 times into the next stitch. Repeat this all the way across. To double crochet, yarn over insert your hook under both of your loops, yarn over, and pull up. You should now have three loops on your hook. Yarn over, pull through two, yarn over and pull through two. skip one stitch and single crochet into the next stitch. Repeat this all the way across. To single crochet, insert your hook from front to back in the center of the second chain from the hook. At this point, you should have 2 loops on your hook. Yarn over, or twist the yarn from front to back around the hook, and pull the yarn through the chain. Again, you should have 2 loops on your hook. Yarn over again and draw through the 2 loops. You'll now have single crochet stitches.  Cut the working yarn, then wrap the tail around your hook and pull it completely through your loop. Wrap and roll your scalloped piece so the scalloped edges face out like petals. Make sure to keep the straight edges lined up as you roll since you'll need to secure them later. Wrapping the scalloped piece tightly will create a smaller ruffled rose, as compared to one that's looser and larger. Play with wrapping until you create a shape you like. Thread a darning or embroidery needle using the tail from your scalloped piece. Insert your needle into the next row over. Pull through to tighten the end of your scalloped piece. Using your threaded needle, continue working back and forth through the bottom or base of the row. Make sure to pass through all of the rose's layers. Keep working the thread back and forth until the rose feels secure. Trim the remaining thread and use your rose.