Boy, 11, facing hate crime for setting fire to Jewish school bus

An 11-year-old boy was charged with a hate crime after he was caught on security cameras setting fire to a Jewish school bus in Brooklyn — the neighborhood’s third anti-Semitic incident in four days, police sources said on Monday.

Police say the adolescent and four other boys, ranging in age from 10 to 15, set the Yeshiva bus ablaze on Brooklyn Ave. near Lefferts Ave. in Crown Heights shortly before 6 p.m. Sunday, authorities said.

Security video, obtained by the website CrownHeights.Info, shows the five children running into the bus with pieces of cardboard. Flames appear towards the front of the bus within seconds as the kids pile out.

Within minutes, thick black smoke engulfs the yellow bus, which was parked outside Beth Rivkah, a private girls school, the video shows.

Neighborhood residents said they were saddened to hear that a hate crime may have been perpetrated by such young boys.

"It's terrible," said Chani Klein, a parent at the school. "I'd like to see these kids get some help."

"I don't know why they would do that. Maybe they were just bored, or maybe it really was about hate. Either way they blew up a bus. They need help," she said.

The 11-year-old was charged with criminal mischief as a hate crime and arson as a hate crime. Cops are searching for the other four boys.

Chaim Rosenstein, 26, who lives in the area, said the bias allegation has residents concerned.

"It's very sad that there was just enough mischief and possibly bias and hate pent up up inside an 11-year-old,” he said.

"People are very shocked," Rosenstein added. "They're concerned.”

Scorched prayer books a cell phone and a camera laid amongst the broken glass, seat cushion stuffing and charred detritus outside the bus.

The bus, which is not clearly marked for Yeshiva transportation, is owned an operated by BSD Trans Corp. Leon Yavich, who owns the company, said he was not ready to suggest the children were motivated by hate.

“I am not going to jump the gun and accuse these kids of a hate crime,” said Yavich, 54, who is Hasidic.

“I will not accuse them of a hate crime simply for the fact that I have not spoken to them,” he said, adding, “my bus doesn’t have any Jewish markings. It doesn’t belong to the Yeshiva,” he said.

No one was injured in the fire.

Police sources said another Jewish school bus was targeted less than a mile away from the fire scene on Thursday.

The bus driver told police he was driving down Eastern parkway when someone hurled a brick at it, shattering the driver side mirror around 2:25 p.m. near Albany Ave., the sources said.

Then on Friday, a Jewish man reported to cops that a 13-year-old boy began shooting rubber bands at him at about the same time and location from the day earlier. When the man confronted the teen, the boy punched him in the face, according to the sources.

Despite the punches, the man managed to grab the teen and hold on until police officers arrived, cop sources said.

As of Sunday, there had been 110 hate-crimes across the city, an uptick from 91 such crimes when compared to the same time period in 2015. Of those crimes, 46 were anti-Semitic so far this year, up from 42 in the same time span in 2015.

Write a one or two sentence summary.