Summarize the following:
Coconut oil contains three different fatty acids (caprylic, capric & lauric acids) that are fungicidal, which means they kill fungi such as Candida and other species. These fatty acids within coconut oil kill yeast by destroying their cell walls, so it's very unlikely and difficult for fungi to gain resistance against them.  Buy a good quality coconut oil (it's likely to be a solid instead of a liquid) and rub some it into your yeast infection 3x per day. You should see results (less redness and itching) within a week. Coconut oil is also a popular remedy for fighting systemic (internal) Candida yeast infections, although its taken orally in such situations. Coconut oil is also effective against bacterial skin infections and other kind of skin conditions, such as eczema and psoriasis, which can look similar to yeast/fungal skin infections. Application of tea tree oil, an extract of melaleuca alternifolia, can also be effective on yeast/fungal infections of the skin because it has strong antimicrobial properties and works well as a fungicide. Tea tree oil also boosts immunity, which can be helpful in preventing initial infections and re-infections of Candida and other fungi. Start with 2-3 drops of the tea tree oil on your skin infection, 3x daily for at least a couple of weeks and see how it works.  Tea tree oil has been a popular antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory for many years in Australia, but has become better known in the U.S. over the last decade or so. Tea tree oil can cause both skin irritation and allergic reactions in some people who are especially sensitive, but the prevalence is rare. As such, test a little on some healthy skin before applying it to your yeast infection. Oil of oregano contains a couple of different compounds (carvacrol and thymol) that are both strong fungicides. These compounds completely inhibit Candida and other fungi via dehydration — they dry out and eventually die. Oil of oregano is quite strong and can cause a burning sensation on skin, so make sure to dilute it with vitamin E or some cod liver oil — water won't work well to dilute because it doesn't mix with oils. Mix 1-2 drops of oregano oil with the same quantity of vitamin E or fish oil and apply it your skin infection 3x daily for a couple weeks and make note of the progress. With any type of infection (fungal, bacterial or viral), true prevention and protection depends on a strong and healthy immune response. Your immune system is made up of specialized white blood cells that are designed to search for and destroy potential pathogens such as fungi. However, when your immune system is weakened due to the above-mentioned reasons, disease-causing microorganisms can grow and spread virtually unchecked. Thus, focus on boosting your natural immunity in order to combat yeast infections and stay healthy.  Getting more quantity and better quality of sleep, eating more fresh produce, eating less refined sugars (sodas, candy, deserts), reducing your alcohol consumption, quitting smoking, practicing good hygiene and exercising regularly are all methods of keeping your immune response strong.  Vitamin and herbal supplements that can boost immune system function include: vitamin C, vitamin D, zinc, echinacea and olive leaf extract.