What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Smothering your lawn will block light and prevent photosynthesis, killing the grass and weeds. The smothering method is not as dependent upon the weather as solarization or herbicides.  Mow the grass closely. Cover it with layers of cardboard or newspaper (use black ink; colored ink could contain metals). Wet the covering and top it off with grass clippings (4 inches / 10 cm or more), compost, 6-inch (15cm) wood chips, or another organic mulch. Black plastic also works. It will block the sun and prevent photosynthesis. Avoid heavy mulching in shady areas,which prevents the soil from warming up, causing too much moisture in the root zone.  The layers of your old lawn will break down, making compost. The soil is now ready for planting. Solarization uses the sun’s heat to kill the old grass by cooking it.  Weeds, seeds and pathogens are also removed.You’ll need to cover the entire lawn with clear plastic  Keep the lawn covered for about 7 weeks. Cloudy days slow things down. The hottest days with direct sunlight are optimal for solarization. Remove the plastic when the grass has died. The dead grass can also be removed, or you can leave it as compost. Clear plastic is preferable to opaque because more sunlight can get to the grass surface. Thick plastic will last longer because it’s sturdier and resists tears. Herbicides will kill weeds, roots and grass. Read the full label before you begin and be sure to follow all safety instructions, including the use of personal protective gear. Mix the herbicide in accordance with the directions on the product, then apply it over the entire lawn, taking care to avoid nearby garden plants.  Select a herbicide that will degrade quickly.  This will minimize how long it stays in the environment.  Herbicides containing glyphosate are a wise choice. Add just a few drops of dishwashing liquid soap or another surfactant to help the herbicide stick to vegetation. Apply the herbicide on a sunny day (60 degrees or above) so that the herbicide will dry quickly. Choose a day with little to no wind to avoid drifting. Reapply the herbicide if the turf has not completely died.  Wait about four weeks before reapplying. Wait one week after the final application. Till the dead turf into your soil. Sod removal works best for grass that doesn't have long roots. Grasses that are perennial, Bermuda grass and perennial rye, for instance, have roots that go down several feet. It’s hard to get all of it by cutting away the sod. Kill the vegetation using one of the methods above first to make sod removal easier.  Rent a sod cutter if you don’t have one.  They're about $70.00 per day. Alternately, you can use a flat shovel rather than a sod cutter. It’s less expensive, but it’s a lot more labor. Cut the sod into strips. After cutting the sod, roll up the strips and dispose of them. Alternately, you can leave the sod in place by inverting it and using it for compost. Cover the inverted sod in 6 to 10 layers of newspaper. The decomposed sod improves the soil and prevents grass from regrowing. Do not leave the sod in place if it contains undesirable weeds or invasive grasses. You can also use the inverted sod to make high places on your lawn or to fill in low places.

Summary: