Q: The Gambia (/ ˈɡæmbiə / ( listen) ), officially the Republic of the Gambia, is a country in West Africa that is entirely surrounded by Senegal except for its coastline on the Atlantic Ocean at its western end. It is the smallest country on mainland Africa.

Based on this passage, where is gambia located on the world map?
A: in West Africa. How to explain the answer? The relevant sentence in the passage is: The Gambia (/ ˈɡæmbiə / ( listen) ), officially the Republic of the Gambia, is a country in West Africa that is entirely surrounded by Senegal except for its coastline on the Atlantic Ocean at its western end.

Q: Mens rea (/ ˈmɛnz ˈriːə /; Law Latin for "guilty mind") is the mental element of a person's intention to commit a crime; or knowledge that one's action or lack of action would cause a crime to be committed. It is a necessary element of many crimes.

Answer this question: ​common law false pretenses mens rea requires the purpose or specific intent to?
A: commit a crime ; or knowledge that one 's action or lack of action would cause a crime to be committed. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: Mens rea (/ ˈmɛnz ˈriːə /; Law Latin for "guilty mind") is the mental element of a person's intention to commit a crime; or knowledge that one's action or lack of action would cause a crime to be committed.

Q: When Beca's father discovers she has not been attending classes, he comes to her with a proposition: if she joins a club and still does not want to remain at college after one year, he will allow her to leave college, and he will pay for Beca to move to Los Angeles to pursue her music career. After some persuasion from Chloe Beale (Brittany Snow) the co-leader of the Bellas along with Aubrey, she reluctantly joins the Barden Bellas. Aubrey does not initially approve of recruiting Beca, but yields nonetheless due to a desperate need for members and Beca's talent. Beca joins alongside a group of other women who do not fit the Bellas' typical mold: Cynthia-Rose (Ester Dean), Stacie Conrad (Alexis Knapp), Lilly Onakuramara (Hana Mae Lee), and Fat Amy (Rebel Wilson). Jesse is also revealed to have joined the Bellas' all-male rival group, the Treblemakers, but his roommate Benji (Ben Platt) was rejected after being called weird by Bumper (Adam DeVine).

Answer this question: what is the boy group in pitch perfect called?
A: the Treblemakers. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: Jesse is also revealed to have joined the Bellas' all-male rival group, the Treblemakers, but his roommate Benji (Ben Platt) was rejected after being called weird by Bumper (Adam DeVine).

Q: Passage: Quaternary (/ kwəˈtɜːrnəri /) is the current and most recent of the three periods of the Cenozoic Era in the geologic time scale of the International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS). It follows the Neogene Period and spans from 2.588 ± 0.005 million years ago to the present. The Quaternary Period is divided into two epochs: the Pleistocene (2.588 million years ago to 11.7 thousand years ago) and the Holocene (11.7 thousand years ago to today). The informal term "Late Quaternary" refers to the past 0.5 -- 1.0 million years.

Question: Based on this passage, when did the quaternary period begin and end?
A: