Please write a short summary for the following article:

Hillary Clinton 'threw Bible at Secret Service agent's head'

He says being assigned to protect Mrs Clinton “was a form of punishment handed down by passive-aggressive middle management.”

Mrs Clinton is known for being poised, even too stiff in public, with campaign aides working to help her appear more relaxed before a crowd. But Mr Byrne describes the former first lady as being prone to all-consuming bouts of rage behind closed doors.

“The First Lady had a different sort of liveliness,” he writes. “She once threw a Bible at an agent on her detail, hitting him in the back of the head.”

“Most of us knew to brace for her inevitable eruptions. They didn’t happen every day, but behind closed doors we learned about them fast. In public, she was everyone’s best friend. Privately, she was her normal self.”

Mrs Clinton repeatedly swore at Secret Service agents: “She’d explode in my face without reservation or decorum." She is reported to have told a Secret Service agent to “Go to hell”. In another instance, a uniformed officer said Mrs Clinton had told him to “Go f--- yourself" when he bid her good morning.

The Telegraph has not been able to independently confirm the allegations made by Mr Byrne, and some of them are controversial.

The book has been denounced by several current and former Secret Service members, who say Mr Byrne has inflated his role at the White House and that he would in reality not have been able to get so close to the president to see the things he claimed.

This week the president of the Association of Former Agents of the United States Secret Service, a non-partisan group that rarely comments in public is set to issue a statement as a "self-moralising" narrative. They said it has made security more difficult because it erodes the trust between agents and the people they are supposed to protect.

Mrs Clinton's campaign has not yet issued a response.

Mr Byrne claims he was assigned to guard the Oval office for three years during Mr Clinton’s presidency. He was subpoenaed to testify before a grand jury during the Monica Lewinsky scandal.

In this detailed account, he describes the flirtations between the Mr Clinton and Ms Lewinsky as obvious for the staff to see. "Monica hung around us batting her eyes until she overheard the president's position or direction of travel, then bolted to maneuver into his path," he writes. "She lived for even his passing glance."

The Secret Service agent said: "On one occasion, after Clinton sighted her, she turned back to ensure she had his attention – and flipped up her black-and-white print dress to reveal her blue thong. Clinton laughed and said, 'Hey, there!"

In a bid to stop the two meeting Mr Byrne said, he had Ms Lewinsky, who was working as an intern in the White House, transferred to work for Mrs Clinton. But then, he said, Mr Clinton brought her back to his wing of the White House as a paid member of staff, and even provided a secret number for her to dial to reach him directly in the Oval office.

"President Clinton paid for a White House mistress with taxpayer funds and jeopardised national security with her compromising and corruptible presence in a secure area, all for little more than on-demand oral sex," he writes.