Your breath and thought largely determine your behavior. Wake up early and do 15 minutes of yoga every morning. When you feel stressed, take a break and meditate. This can be enormously calming. You'll feel more comfortable and your body will relax.   Learn yoga by using a video online or going to a local class.  Learn how to meditate by practicing calming breathing techniques in a quiet place. You can do yoga or meditation virtually anywhere, even in the middle of a conversation. Do yoga stretches on an airplane or meditate for a few seconds when you feel nervous during a party. Physical activity is scientifically proven to reduce stress, fight anxiety, and boost self-esteem. Exercise also releases pleasure-inducing endorphins. Even just 15 minutes of exercise a day can help you settle down and be happy.  Exercise doesn't have to be in the gym. You can go for a run or play pick up basketball with friends. In fact, exercising with friends can be more fun and more beneficial than working out alone. Set a work out plan and stick to it. Decide when and how often you want to work out. Aim to exercise significantly four times a week, while still getting some physical activity every day. Walking or riding your bike to work rather than driving is a great way to work in exercise to your everyday routine. Exercise also has enormous health benefits like increased energy levels and a stronger heart, both of which will help you calm down and be more confident. Doctors recommend seven to nine hours of sleep every night. When you're sleep deprived, you're more at risk for anxiety and depression. However, when you're well rested, you're more likely to stay calm and composed in social situations.  Beware of oversleeping. Sleeping ten hours or more can make your problems worse. Avoid caffeine and chocolate. These will keep you up late and independently act as stimulants which increase anxiety symptoms. Nicotine is a stimulant that leads to greater anxiety levels and lower self esteem. Drinking also acts as an unhealthy crutch. It can seem like a good solution, but in reality alcohol increases your chances of an anxiety attack.  Make a plan to quit smoking. Tell your family and friends what you're doing, and go to meetings. Use nicotine patches and reward yourself for going without a cigarette. Similarly, make a plan to quit drinking or cut back significantly. Always be conscious of how much you're drinking. If you're having trouble, consider going to alcoholics anonymous. About 13 percent of the population suffers from some kind of social anxiety so you are not alone. Self-help doesn't work for everybody, and at some point, you need to get help.  Tell your family and friends about your condition first. They want to help you and they can give you the same or better help that a therapist would give you. Don't self-medicate. Seek a doctor first. They'll refer you to a specialist who can give you beta blockers or antidepressants to fight the symptoms of social anxiety. They won't fight the underlying cause, however. If you stop taking your medication, the problem will likely come back full force. Always try self-help methods first, but there's nothing to be ashamed about in seeking professional help. In fact, it can be incredibly difficult and brave.

Summary: