Q: The show was so popular that it received a spin-off focusing on Cory. The show was called Cory In The House. The series lasted for two seasons and had 34 episodes. In October 2016, Raven-Symoné announced that there would be a spin-off about Raven raising her two children, one with psychic visions. The show, titled Raven's Home, premiered on July 21, 2017.

Based on this passage, whats the name of the new thats so raven?
A: Raven 's Home. How to explain the answer? The relevant information to answer the above question is: The show, titled Raven's Home, premiered on July 21, 2017.

Q: Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar holds the record for most All-Star Game selections and most All-Star Games played. He was selected 19 times and played in 18 All-Star games. LeBron James holds the record for most All-Star Game selections among active players, with 14 selections. LeBron James also holds the record for most consecutive games played, with 14. Bob Cousy and John Havlicek are tied for second most consecutive games actually played, appearing in 13 straight All-Star Games. Tim Duncan also played in 13 straight All-Star Games if the lockout-cancelled 1999 game is excluded. Several players were named to All-Star Game rosters, but never actually played in the game due to injury.

Who has been to the most all star games in basketball?
A: Famer Kareem Abdul - Jabbar. How to explain the answer? The relevant information to answer the above question is: Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar holds the record for most All-Star Game selections and most All-Star Games played.

Q: Context: Bibendum, commonly referred to in English as the Michelin Man, is the symbol of the Michelin tire company. Introduced at the Lyon Exhibition of 1894 where the Michelin brothers had a stand, Bibendum is one of the world's oldest trademarks. The slogan Nunc est bibendum (Drink up) is taken from Horace's Odes (book I, ode xxxvii, line 1). He is also referred to as Bib or Bibelobis.

Question: what is the symbol of the michelin tyre company?
A: Bibendum , commonly referred to in English as the Michelin Man. How to explain the answer? The relevant sentence in the passage is: Bibendum, commonly referred to in English as the Michelin Man, is the symbol of the Michelin tire company.

Q: The Munich Agreement was a settlement permitting Nazi Germany's annexation of portions of Czechoslovakia along the country's borders mainly inhabited by German speakers, for which a new territorial designation, the "Sudetenland", was coined. The agreement was signed in Munich, Germany on the early hours of 30 September 1938 (but dated 29 September) after being negotiated among the major powers of Europe, excluding the Soviet Union. The purpose of the conference was to discuss the future of the Sudetenland in the face of demands made by Adolf Hitler. The agreement was signed by Germany, France, the United Kingdom and Italy, but not Czechoslovakia, which was not invited to the conference The Sudetenland was of immense strategic importance to Czechoslovakia, as most of its border defenses and banks were situated there, as well as heavy industrial districts. The Agreement was soon followed by dismemberment of the Czech state.

Answer this question: what territory did germany gain at the munich conference?
A: