Please answer the following question: Information:  - Japan ("Nippon" or "Nihon" ; formally "" or "Nihon-koku", means "State of Japan") is a sovereign island nation in Eastern Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, It is lying off the eastern coast of the Asia Mainland (east of China, Korea, Russia) and stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and near Taiwan in the southwest.   - Plot. The story focuses on Kazuma Azuma, a boy on his quest to create ""Ja-pan"", a national bread for Japan itself. He initially heads to Tokyo to expand his horizons at the bread-making chain Pantasia; the story continues with Azuma's exploits with his other coworkers.  - Utatane is the first album from the Japanese duo RYTHEM, released in 2004.  - In January 2009, the series went on hiatus due to Tobe's illness and remained uncompleted when she died in January 2010. Her works during her illness were collected and published with some of her earlier works as volume 15 in June 2010.   - "Naruto" was serialized in "Weekly Shnen Jump" magazine from the 43rd issue of 1999 to the 50th issue of 2014, with the chapters collected into seventy-two "tankbon" volumes by Shueisha. The manga was later adapted into a television anime, which was produced by Studio Pierrot and Aniplex. It premiered across Japan on the terrestrial TV Tokyo and other TX Network stations on October 3, 2002. The first series lasted 220 episodes, while "", a sequel to the original series, has been airing since February 15, 2007. In addition to the anime series, Studio Pierrot has developed eleven movies and several original video animations. Other types of merchandise include light novels, video games, and trading cards developed by several companies.  - Mugen Factory (  , Infinite Factory ) is the second album from the Japanese duo Rythem . It was released on May 24 , 2006 under Sony Music Entertainment Japan . The album contains songs from their 6th up to 10th single . The item 's stock number is AICL - 1746 .  - History. Rythem's talents as singer/songwriters, with flowing melodies and harmonies, began to shine as they worked with their own original tune "Hitoritabi Shararuran" in the Sony Music Audition. In May 2003, while they were still high school seniors, Rythem's first single "Harmonia" was released and was used as the second ending theme song for hit TV TOKYO anime series, "Naruto". Following the successful release of their debut single, 4 more singles including the theme song for "With the Light", and the debut album, "Utatane" were released before "Hki Gumo" was released in early 2005 as a single for the first opening theme of yet another hit TV TOKYO anime series, "Yakitate!! Japan".    What object entity has the relation of 'follows' with the subject 'mugen factory'?   Choices: - 15  - 1999  - 2004  - 220  - 4  - 4 more  - album  - asia  - before  - boy  - chain  - chapters  - china  - debut  - eleven  - episodes  - february  - following  - harmonia  - hiatus  - high  - history  - hit  - is  - island  - it  - january  - jump  - light  - magazine  - manga  - more  - movies  - music  - nation  - north  - october  - or  - pierrot  - release  - s  - second  - she  - still  - the first  - the sea  - the story  - theme  - they  - utatane  - video  - when  - works
A: