Summarize:

A handful of states select candidates by caucus instead of through ballots. During a caucus, voters gather at designated locations at a specific time to select the candidate of their choice. Check your local or state election website to find out if your state will be voting by caucus. 2020 caucus states include:  Alaska, Iowa, Kansas, Maine and Wyoming (both parties) Nevada, Washington, and North Dakota (Democrats only) Hawaii and Kentucky (Republicans only) If your party holds primary elections by caucus, they will select caucus locations throughout your state. Visit the official state website for your party to find out where you must go to participate in a caucus.  For example, if you live in Iowa and want to participate in the Democratic caucus, visit https://iowademocrats.org/. To participate in the Republican caucus, go to https://www.iowagop.org/. Your caucus location may be different from your regular polling place (e.g., where you would go to vote in the General Presidential Election). Visit your party’s state website or go to the U.S. Vote Foundation’s website to find out when your caucus will take place. Since caucuses take the form of a large meeting rather than an individual ballot voting process that is spread out throughout the day, you’ll need to arrive at a specific time in order to participate.  For example, the 2020 Iowa Democratic and Republican caucuses both began at 7:00 PM on February 3. It’s best to arrive slightly before the designated time (e.g., 30 minutes ahead of time) so that you can check in and go to the designated area. During a typical caucus, you’ll have an opportunity to listen to the candidates or their representatives talk about the issues and their positions. Candidates who can’t be there or send representatives from their campaigns may provide pamphlets or other literature for you to look at. If you haven’t already done so, decide which candidate(s) you want to support based on the information presented at the caucus. During the caucus, you may have an opportunity to vote for your preferred candidate by straw poll, or election officials may ask you to physically move to a space that represents your favorite candidate. Follow the directions at your caucus location to determine how to cast your vote.   For example, in the Iowa Republican Caucus, caucus-goers write down their preferred candidates on a paper ballot. In the Nevada Democratic caucus, attendees are divided up into “Presidential preference groups.” Election officials then tally up the number of people in each group to determine if a candidate has enough votes to be considered “viable” (e.g., 15% or more of the votes).  If your candidate doesn’t get enough votes to be considered viable in the first round of voting, you may have an opportunity to join a different group or vote for your second choice. You can also try to convince other caucus-goers to join your group. After some caucuses, you’ll have an opportunity to stay after the votes are cast and suggest “platform planks.” If you have ideas about issues that you would like incorporated into the official state platform for your party, now is the time to introduce them.  If you prefer, you can leave after the nominating contest ends. You aren’t obligated to stay for party business.