Information:  - The Diocese of Lavant was a bishopric suffragan of the Archdiocese of Salzburg, established 1228 in the Lavant Valley of Carinthia. In 1859 the episcopal see was re-assigned to Maribor ("Marburg an der Drau") in present-day Slovenia, while the Carinthian parishes passed to the Diocese of Gurk. The Diocese of Maribor was later separated from the Salzburg ecclesiastical province and became a suffragan of the Archbishop of Ljubljana on 5 March 1962. On 7 April 2006 the diocese was elevated to the Archdiocese of Maribor.  - It corresponds to baron in rank. " in the feudal system. The title ' derives from the historical geo-political situation in which an owner held free (allodial) title to his land, unlike the ordinary baron, who was originally a knight (') in vassalage to a higher lord or sovereign, and unlike medieval German ministerials, who were bound to provide administrative services for a lord. A ' sometimes exercised hereditary administrative and judicial prerogatives over those resident in his barony instead of the liege lord, who might be the duke (') or count (").  - Leopold Anton Freiherr von Firmian or Leopold Anton Eleutherius von Firmian ( 11 March 1679 -- 22 October 1744 ) was Catholic Bishop of Lavant 1718 - 1724 , Bishop of Seckau 1724 - 1727 and Prince - Archbishop of Salzburg from 1727 until his death .  - Slovenia, officially the Republic of Slovenia (Slovene: , abbr.: "RS"), is a nation state in southern Central Europe, located at the crossroads of main European cultural and trade routes. It is bordered by Italy to the west, Austria to the north, Hungary to the northeast, Croatia to the south and southeast, and the Adriatic Sea to the southwest. It covers and has a population of 2.06 million. It is a parliamentary republic and a member of the United Nations, European Union, and NATO. The capital and largest city is Ljubljana.  - A knight is a person granted an honorary title of "knighthood" by a monarch or other political leader for service to the monarch or country, especially in a military capacity. Historically, in Europe, knighthood was conferred upon mounted warriors. During the High Middle Ages, knighthood was considered a class of lower nobility. By the Late Middle Ages, the rank had become associated with the ideals of chivalry, a code of conduct for the perfect courtly Christian warrior. Often, a knight was a vassal who served as a fighter for a lord, with payment in the form of land holdings. The lords trusted the knights, who were skilled in battle on horseback. Since the early modern period, the title of knight is purely honorific, usually bestowed by a monarch, as in the British honours system, often for non-military service to the country. The modern female equivalent in the United Kingdom is Dame.  - Maribor (German: "Marburg an der Drau") is the second-largest city in Slovenia with about 96,000 inhabitants in 2015. It is also the largest city of the traditional region of Lower Styria and the seat of the City Municipality of Maribor.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'country of citizenship' with the subject 'count leopold anton von firmian'.  Choices: - austria  - british  - hungary  - slovene  - slovenia  - united kingdom