Some random thoughts: To answer this question, we should know that: Lords of Loddon-Hales, Hale or "De Halys" traces back to Lord Roger De Halys circa 1130, whose descendant Lord Roger De Halys married Alice Scrogins circa 1275 whose daughter Alice Hale married Thomas, Prince of England (Son of Edward I of England), those who were the ancestors of William Hale who married Rose Bond of Kingswaldenbury, their grandson George Hale (A Drummer) came to America on the ship "Supply" in 1620 where he lived with the governor Sir Frances Wyatt of Virginia.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Hale is a surname. Lords of Loddon-Hales, Hale or "De Halys" traces back to Lord Roger De Halys circa 1130, whose descendant Lord Roger De Halys married Alice Scrogins circa 1275 whose daughter Alice Hale married Thomas, Prince of England (Son of Edward I of England), those who were the ancestors of William Hale who married Rose Bond of Kingswaldenbury, their grandson George Hale (A Drummer) came to America on the ship "Supply" in 1620 where he lived with the governor Sir Frances Wyatt of Virginia. It is said that the Hales were related to Saint Edmund, King of East Anglia in which the Hales get their Arrows pointing downward in their coat of arms.

Based on this passage, where does the last name hale originate from?
A: Lord Roger De Halys circa 1130

Some random thoughts: The relevant information to answer the above question is: John Joseph Haley Jr (August 10, 1897 -- June 6, 1979) was an American vaudevillian, actor, radio host, comedian, singer and dancer best known for his portrayal of the Tin Man and his farmhand counterpart Hickory in the classic 1939 MGM film The Wizard of Oz.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Context: John Joseph Haley Jr (August 10, 1897 -- June 6, 1979) was an American vaudevillian, actor, radio host, comedian, singer and dancer best known for his portrayal of the Tin Man and his farmhand counterpart Hickory in the classic 1939 MGM film The Wizard of Oz.

Question: who played the tin man in the wizard of oz 1939?
A: John Joseph Haley Jr

Some random thoughts: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: He played MI5 Intelligence Officer Tom Quinn in the BBC television drama series Spooks, Mr. Darcy in the 2005 film of Pride & Prejudice and Daniel in the Frank Oz comedy Death at a Funeral.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: David Matthew Macfadyen (born 17 October 1974) is an English actor. He played MI5 Intelligence Officer Tom Quinn in the BBC television drama series Spooks, Mr. Darcy in the 2005 film of Pride & Prejudice and Daniel in the Frank Oz comedy Death at a Funeral. He also portrayed John Birt in the political drama Frost / Nixon, and Detective Inspector Edmund Reid in the BBC series Ripper Street. In 2015 he starred in the Sky Living series The Enfield Haunting as Guy Lyon Playfair.

Answer this question: who plays mr darcy in pride and prejudice?
A: David Matthew Macfadyen

Some random thoughts: The relevant information is: Since March 1901, it has been awarded annually (with some exceptions) to those who have "done the most or the best work for fraternity between nations, for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses".
Generated quizz based on thoughts