Write a title for this article:

UNIONDALE, N.Y – Knocked from Sunday afternoon’s overtime loss to the New York Islanders after taking a hit to the left shoulder during the first period, forward Eric Fehr will miss at least the next two games of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals, Coach Barry Trotz said. The Washington Capitals officially listed Fehr with an upper-body injury, which Trotz was unrelated to the issue that shelved him for the final three games of the regular season.

“I would say he’s out for the next two games and we’ll re-evaluate that,” Trotz said. “You can ask me two games from now.”

A veteran currently serving as the checking line’s center after scoring 19 goals for the Capitals this season, Fehr left after forward Kyle Okposo leveled him into the glass, less than four minutes after the puck dropped. Fehr has battled shoulder issues during his career, undergoing surgeries in 2009 and 2011, and according to Trotz recently re-aggravated an existing issue that had lingered throughout the season.

“He plays a pretty good role for us,” Trotz said. “He’s done a lot of stuff on the PK, five-on-five, been a little bit of a checking guy. He’s just been one of those quiet guys who’s got it done. Every team has guys like that and we have a couple of those guys.

“It’s a loss but you’re going to lose people along the way in terms of a series for a game or two or even longer sometimes. You just deal with it. That’s what being a team is. If one guy’s out, other people step up and that’s how you get it done. That’s how you got it done all year.”

Without Fehr at practice, Trotz moved forward Jay Beagle into Fehr’s center spot, surrounding him with Brooks Laich and Troy Brouwer. Forward Marcus Johansson also started practice but left before the Capitals took line rushes, roughly halfway through the 20-minute session, a decision made by the training staff connected to an injury Johansson incurred minutes after Fehr’s.

Careening after a loose puck, Johansson leaned into forward Cal Clutterbuck to absorb contact. While Johansson went into the glass, Clutterbuck’s right skate kicked up and appeared to slice Johansson on the left calf. Johansson eventually hobbled into the locker room, but returned and finished the game.

“A little bit of bumped and bruised yesterday, so he went for a skate,” Trotz said. “We told him the trainers were working with him. I expect him to be in warmup tomorrow and ready to go hopefully. Our trainers do a good job. Just like anything, you’ve got some stiffness, you’ve got to work it out. That’s what they’ll spend today doing that.”

If Johansson and Fehr both sit Tuesday night for Game 4, rookies Andre Burakovsky and Michael Latta are expected to enter the lineup for their first and second career playoff games, respectively. Burakovsky rushed on a line with Evgeny Kuznetsov and Jason Chimera, while Latta centered the fourth line between Curtis Glencross and Tom Wilson.

“That’s playoffs for you,” defenseman Karl Alzner said. “You’re going to have some big injuries at times. You could lose a guy for a month or lose a guy for a game. It’s just the way you deal with it and the way guys step up and we have a lot of really good players in this room.”

Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter