The Nueces County Sheriff’s Office in Corpus Christi, Texas, released its list of the Top 10 Most Wanted individuals for the month of August on Monday. A.B. Quintanilla, brother of the late Tejano singer Selena Quintanilla, was among the ten fugitives. 
  
 The official Facebook page of the sheriff’s office published a photo showing the mug shots and names of the wanted, including the charges they are facing. According to the post, Abraham Quintanilla III, 53, has an active arrest warrant for contempt of court and nonpayment of Child Support. 
  
 The musician and former member of Selena y Los Dinos, who went on to start Los Kumbia Kings and most recently, Elektro Kumbia, reportedly has eight children—six boys and two girls. 
  
 The Nueces County Sheriff’s Office confirms to People Chica that the musician has not turned himself in, and the department continues its search. According to a spokesperson in the Sheriff’s Office, “the individual’s placed on the Top 10 are all felony offenders.” 
  
 As news circulated about law enforcement’s pursuit of Quintanilla, all of his social media accounts were deactivated. 
  
 It was not immediately clear how much child support Quintanilla owes. 
  
 Get push notifications with news, features and more. 
  
 Rachel Murray/Getty Images for Madame Tussauds Hollywood 
  
 People Chica reached out to Quintanilla for comment but has not received a response. 
  
 In February, Quintanilla and his group Elektro Kumbia performed at the studios of the People en Español to present the video for their single “Piña Colada Shot.” 
  
 The Nueces County Sheriff’s Office requested public assistance to locate Quintanilla by providing the following telephone numbers: 888-TIPS or 1-800-827-8477. ||||| Abraham Quintanilla, known to his fans as "A.B." is on the Nueces County Sheriff's "Top ten most wanted list". According to documents from the Texas Attorney General's office, he owes child support for one of his children. 
  
 According to that same paperwork, as of last month Quintanilla owes more than $87,000. The case against Quintanilla goes back to 2012. He was required to pay $1,500 a month for one of his children but as of June of that year, Quintanilla owed more than $43,000. 
  
 For about a year, Quintanilla complied but the payments stopped once again in December of 2013. Fast-forward to July of this year, that amount has more than doubled which has made him one of Nueces County's most wanted fugitives. 
  
 The last amount paid by Quintanilla, according to the Attorney General financial activity report was in September of 2015 which was for the amount of $16.84. 
  
 The State Attorney General's office handles cases like this. They say one thing all these cases have in common is the impact these situations have on the children. 
  
 Annette Hernandez with the State Attorney General's Office said "Child support helps ensure a better care and better lives for Texas children. Like I said the mission of the OAG is to promote emotional and financial involvement of both parents in the lives of the child." 
  
 As for any specific comment on what happens next in the case with Quintanilla, the Attorney General's office says they can't comment. As of last check, Quintanilla has yet to turn himself in. ||||| The brother of late Tejano star Selena has found himself in the top 10, but not for music. 
  
 A.B. Quintanilla was recently added to the Nueces County's Top 10 Most Wanted Fugitives. 
  
 Quintanilla is wanted for contempt of court for non-payment of child support. 
  
 According to court documents, as of last month he owes more than $87,000 in child support. 
  
 At last report, Quintanilla has yet to turn himself in. 
  
 The KZTV10.COM application is available now on the App Store™ and Android App Store ! 
  
 Apple, the Apple logo, iPod, and iTunes are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc. ||||| Tejano musician A.B. Quintanilla has past of missing child support payments, records show 
  
 Tejano music fans across Texas may have been shocked to find Selena Quintanilla's brother on the Nueces County Sheriff's Office most wanted list, but it isn't the first time authorities have sought A.B. Quintanilla for failure to pay child support. 
  
 Court records from Fort Bend County show an arrest warrant was issued for the former member of Los Kumbia Kings in July 2015 after he was found in contempt of court for not paying child support. 
  
 RELATED: Sheriff calls Selena's brother a fugitive in 'Most Wanted' ad 
  
 He turned himself into Nueces county on Aug. 5, 2015 for the charge and was ordered to pay $36809 in unpaid child support and interest, according to court records. 
  
 Local Channel Now Playing: Now Playing Volleyball Coaches 
  
 SAPD: Garbage truck driver causes 7-car pile up on I-10 mysa 
  
 SAPD: Teen shot after dispute with father mysa 
  
 SAPD: Man crashes stolen truck, hides from police mysa 
  
 8 popular fall vacation destinations Wibbitz 
  
 Drive-by shooting critically injures 1 mysa 
  
 Police: Man fatally shot after exchanging gunfire with suspects familiar to him mysa 
  
 Man shot at East Side apartments mysa 
  
 DUI suspect kills pedestrian on San Antonio sidewalk mysa 
  
 Suspect arrested in S.A. bar fight that left man dead mysa 
  
 The court found Quintanilla did not make a majority of his child support payments between July 2011 until June 2015, making only 10 payments in those four years. Calls to Quintanilla's attorneys in that case were not returned Tuesday. 
  
 READ ALSO: Selena's brother reacts to his sister being mistaken for another pop star 
  
 The Nueces County Sheriff's Office included Quintanilla in their most wanted list for the month of August, a post that has been shared more than 2,000 times. The musician appeared to delete his social media accounts after the Facebook post. 
  
 According to People Magazine, Quintanilla has eight children. 
  
 fsabawi@mySA.com 
  
 Twitter: @FaresInSA ||||| CLOSE AB Quintanilla, brother of late Tejano star Selena, was listed on the Nueces County Top 10 Most Wanted for August 2017. Julie Garcia/Caller-Times 
  
 An active arrest warrant is out for Abraham Quintanilla III for contempt of court and nonpayment of child support in Nueces County. (Photo: Contributed/Nueces County Sheriffs Office) 
  
 Abraham Quintanilla III is listed as one of Nueces County Sheriffs Office Top 10 Most Wanted for missing a court hearing on nonpayment of child support. 
  
 According to a post on the official Facebook page of the sheriff's office, an arrest warrant is active for Quintanilla, who was in Selena y los Dinos, and went on to start Los Kumbia Kings and a number of other musical projects. 
  
 When reached by phone, Abraham Quintanilla II said that his son would not comment but the matter should be resolved by his son's lawyers. 
  
 Quintanilla's mug shot, date of birth and description is included on a poster with nine other fugitives whose offenses range from sexual assault of a child to aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. 
  
 Selection of the month's most wanted fugitives varies, according to Nueces County Sheriff's Office Lt. Ashley Isaac. 
  
 "Usually we look at family violence... aggravated assault, murder, sex offenses and then we'll go down the line to burglaries," Isaac said. "We like to reserve room for at least two child support cases, and here lately, we'll pick a good one and go from there." 
  
 An analysis of the most wanted lists released since January 2017 show that the most common offense is probation violations of previous crimes. There have been no other people listed with bench warrants for contempt of court or evading child support payments. 
  
 The most wanted lists are released monthly by the sheriff's office. 
  
 Information on the amount of child support money Abraham Quintanilla III owed could not be confirmed by the Texas Attorney General's Office child support division because of confidentiality regulations. 
  
 He is not listed on the Texas Attorney General's Office website for Child Support Evaders for a number of reasons, according to Annette Hernandez, spokesperson for the child support division. 
  
 For instance, there must be an active arrest warrant where the noncustodial parent is avoiding apprehension, they must not be involved in bankruptcy proceedings and they must sign a confidentiality waiver for their information to be made public, Hernandez said. 
  
 "They have to meet the criteria and then we have to declare whether they are a child support evader through our own chain of command," she said. "It's not so simple." 
  
 To report information on any one of the Top 10 Most Wanted, call Crime Stoppers at 361-888-8477 or 1-800-827-8477. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://callertim.es/2wfgEAe |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?