Question: Information:  - The Nintendo Entertainment System (commonly abbreviated as NES) is an 8-bit home video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. The best-selling gaming console of its time, the NES helped revitalize the US video game industry following the video game crash of 1983. With the NES, Nintendo introduced a now-standard business model of licensing third-party developers, authorizing them to produce and distribute titles for Nintendo's platform.  - Atari is a corporate and brand name owned by several entities since its inception in 1972, currently by Atari Interactive, a subsidiary of the French publisher Atari, SA (ASA). The original Atari, Inc. founded in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney was a pioneer in arcade games, home video game consoles, and home computers. The company's products, such as "Pong" and the Atari 2600, helped define the electronic entertainment industry from the 1970s to the mid-1980s.  - Titles. The original "Double Dragon" by Techns was first released as a coin-operated arcade game in . A Nintendo Entertainment System version also produced by Techns was released the following year, followed by a Game Boy version in . Various licensed versions of the games were also produced by other developers for various gaming platforms such as the Master System, Atari 2600, Atari 7800, Genesis, and the Lynx. Versions of "Double Dragon" for home computers were also released as well. A Game Gear game titled "Double Dragon" also exists, but it is not another port of the original game. It is based on "Streets of Rage" instead, especially the main character, Billy Lee, who strongly resembles Axel Stone, the protagonist of "Streets of Rage" series.  - The Atari 7800 ProSystem, or simply the Atari 7800, is a home video game console officially released by Atari Corporation in 1986. It is almost fully backward-compatible with the Atari 2600, the first console to have backward compatibility without the use of additional modules. It was considered affordable at a price of US$140.  - Hasbro Interactive was an American video game production and publishing subsidiary of Hasbro, the large game and toy company. Several of its studios were closed in early 2000 and most of its properties were sold to Infogrames which completed its studio's closures in 2001. History. Hasbro Interactive was formed late in 1995 in order to compete in the video game arena. Several Hasbro properties, such as Monopoly and Scrabble, had already been made into successful video games by licensees such as Virgin Interactive. With Hasbro's game experience, video games seemed like a natural extension of the company and a good opportunity for revenue growth. Hasbro Interactive's objective was to develop and publish games based on Hasbro property and the subsidiary existed for six years.  - The games were generally well received and have been re-released many times both as part of compilation games and as standalone downloads. The dance music-influenced soundtracks of the games, scored by Yuzo Koshiro and Motohiro Kawashima, have received much acclaim as well.  - The is a third-generation home video game console that was manufactured by Sega. It was originally released in 1985 as the Sega Mark III in Japan. After being redesigned prior to its North American launch, the console was renamed Master System and released in 1986 in North America, 1987 in Europe, and 1989 in Brazil. The redesigned Master System was also released in Japan in 1987. Both the Mark III and the original Master System models could play with both cartridges (or "Mega Cartridges", as they were officially called) and the credit card-sized Sega Cards, which retailed at lower prices than cartridges but had lower storage capacity; the Master System II and later models did not have the card slot. The Master System also featured accessories such as a light gun and 3D glasses which were designed to work with a range of specially coded games.  - The is a handheld video game console by NEC Home Electronics, released in Japan in late 1990 and later in the United States as the TurboExpress. It is essentially a portable version of the TurboGrafx-16/PC Engine home console that came two to three years earlier. Its launch price in Japan was ¥44,800, whereas in the U.S. was $249.99, briefly raising to $299.99, soon dropping back to $249.99, and $199.99 by 1992.  - The Atari 2600 (or Atari VCS before 1982) is a home video game console by Atari, Inc. Released on September 11, 1977, it is credited with popularizing the use of microprocessor-based hardware and ROM cartridges containing game code, a format first used with the Fairchild Channel F video game console in 1976. This format contrasts with the older model of having non-microprocessor dedicated hardware, which could only play the games that were physically built into the unit.  - The is an 8-bit handheld game console released by Sega on October 6, 1990 in Japan, in North America and Europe, and Australia in 1992. The Game Gear primarily competed with Nintendo's Game Boy, the Atari Lynx and NEC's TurboExpress. The handheld shares much of its hardware with the Master System and is able to play its own titles as well as those of the Master System, the latter being made possible by the use of an adapter. Containing a full-color backlit screen with a landscape format, Sega positioned the Game Gear as a technologically superior handheld to the Game Boy.  - The Atari Lynx is a 16-bit handheld game console that was released by Atari Corporation in September 1989 in North America, and in Europe and Japan in 1990. The Lynx holds the distinction of being the world's first handheld electronic game with a color LCD. The system is also notable for its forward-looking features, advanced graphics, and ambidextrous layout. The Lynx competed with the Game Boy (released just 2 months earlier), as well as the Game Gear and TurboExpress, both released the following year. It was discontinued when Atari was acquired by Hasbro Interactive in 1995.  - Atari Corporation was an American manufacturer of computers and video game consoles from 1984 to 1996. Atari Corp. was founded in July 1984 when Warner Communications sold the home computing and game console divisions of Atari, Inc. to Jack Tramiel. Its chief products were the Atari ST, , Atari 7800, Atari Lynx, and Atari Jaguar. The company reverse merged with JTS Inc. in 1996, becoming a small division, which itself closed when JTS liquidated the IP to Hasbro Interactive in 1998.  - "Nintendo Power" once stated that Koshiro was "arguably the greatest game-music composer of the 16-bit age" and that he "created some of the most memorable game music of the late '80s and early '90s." 1UP stated he was the "king" of FM synthesis chiptune music. He has produced some of the most influential role-playing video game scores, for titles such as Nihon Falcom's "Dragon Slayer" and "Ys" series, as well as "ActRaiser" and "Beyond Oasis". "GameAxis Unwired" stated that his "progressive, catchy, techno-style compositions" for games such as "The Revenge of Shinobi", "Misty Blue", and the "Streets of Rage" series were "far more advanced than what players were used to" and set a "new high for what music in games could sound like." The "Streets of Rage soundtracks" are considered ahead of their time, featuring a "blend of swaggering house synths," "dirty" electro-funk, and early trance elements.  - The is an 8-bit handheld video game device with interchangeable cartridges developed and manufactured by Nintendo, which was first released in Japan on , in North America on and in Europe on . It is the first handheld console in the Game Boy line and was created by Satoru Okada and Nintendo Research & Development 1. This same team, led by Gunpei Yokoi at the time, is credited with designing the Game & Watch series as well as several popular games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Redesigned versions were released in 1996 and 1998 in the form of Game Boy Pocket and Game Boy Light (Japan only), respectively.  - Dirty Larry -- Renegade Cop is a beat ' em up game for the Atari Lynx . You play as Dirty Larry a cop who fights criminals through different levels . The style of the game is very much like the Streets of Rage and Double Dragon series where you go through each level shooting and beating up criminals to get to the level bosses . The gameplay is also like Streets of Rage and Double Dragon where you can pick up and use weapons the same way .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'dirty larry: renegade cop' exhibits the relationship of 'publication date'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1  - 11  - 16  - 1972  - 1976  - 1977  - 1982  - 1984  - 1985  - 1986  - 1987  - 1989  - 1990  - 1992  - 1996  - 1998  - 2000  - 2600  - 7800  - 8  - july 1984  - september 1989
Answer: