Question: Information:  - Montenegro (or or ; Montenegrin: "Crna Gora" /   , meaning "Black Mountain") is a sovereign state in Southeastern Europe. It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea to the south-west and is bordered by Croatia to the west, Bosnia and Herzegovina to the northwest, Serbia to the northeast, Kosovo to the east, and Albania to the south-east. Its capital and largest city is Podgorica, while Cetinje is designated as the Old Royal Capital ("prijestonica").  - Serbia, officially the Republic of Serbia, is a sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe, covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans. Relative to its small territory, it is a diverse country distinguished by a "transitional" character, situated along cultural, geographic, climatic and other boundaries. Serbia is landlocked and borders Hungary to the north; Romania and Bulgaria to the east; Macedonia to the south; and Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and Montenegro to the southwest; it also claims a border with Albania through the disputed territory of Kosovo. Serbia numbers around 7 million residents, and its capital, Belgrade, ranks among the largest cities in Southeast Europe.  - Music theory is the study of the practices and possibilities of music.   - "Onamo, 'namo!" (Serbian Cyrillic: , '!) also known as the Serbian Marseillaise ( ) was a popular anthem in Montenegro in the late 19th to early 20th century. The royal state anthem of Montenegro at the time was To Our Beautiful Montenegro, while the education anthem was the Hymn to Saint Sava.  - Ubavoj nam Crnoj Gori ( Serbian :     , English : To Our Beautiful Montenegro ) was the national and state anthem of the Kingdom of Montenegro in the late 19th - early 20th century . A popular song called Onamo , ' namo ! ( There , o'er There ! ) also existed . The educational system had an honorific song , the Hymn to Saint Sava , which was sung in the Saint 's honour . The lyrics were made in 1865 by the Serb poet and a priest named Jovan Sundei , who was the secretary of Prince Nikola I of Montenegro . The music was composed by Jovo Ivaniševi , drawing from `` Uskliknimo s ljubavlju '' , hymn to Saint Sava and later adapted by Anton Schulz . The anthem was first performed on October 17 , 1870 , after which Prince Nikola declared it as the state anthem . In 1993 , the anthem was one of the proposals during the unsuccessful negotiations to adopt an Anthem of the Republic of Montenegro . The main problem was its monarchist lyrics .  - A national anthem (also state anthem, national hymn, national song etc.) is generally a patriotic musical composition that evokes and eulogizes the history, traditions and struggles of its people, recognized either by a nation's government as the official national song, or by convention through use by the people. The majority of national anthems are either marches or hymns in style. The countries of Latin America tend towards more operatic pieces, while a handful of countries use a simple fanfare.  - World War I (WWI or WW1), also known as the First World War, or the Great War, was a global war originating in Europe that lasted from 28 July 1914 to 11 November 1918. More than 70 million military personnel, including 60 million Europeans, were mobilised in one of the largest wars in history. Over nine million combatants and seven million civilians died as a result of the war (including the victims of a number of genocides), a casualty rate exacerbated by the belligerents' technological and industrial sophistication, and the tactical stalemate caused by gruelling trench warfare. It was one of the deadliest conflicts in history, and paved the way for major political changes, including revolutions in many of the nations involved.  - The Kingdom of Serbia, often rendered as "Servia" in English sources during the time of its existence, was created when Prince Milan I of Serbia, ruler of the Principality of Serbia, was crowned king in 1882.  - An anthem is a musical composition of celebration, usually used as a symbol for a distinct group, particularly the national anthems of countries. Originally, and in music theory and religious contexts, it also refers more particularly to short sacred choral work and still more particularly to a specific form of Anglican church music.  - Musical composition can refer to an original piece of music, either a song or an instrumental music piece, the structure of a musical piece, or the process of creating or writing a new song or piece of music. People who create new compositions are called composers in classical music. In popular music and traditional music, the creators of new songs are usually called songwriters; with songs, the person who writes new words for a song is the lyricist. "Composition" is the act or practice of creating a song or other piece of music. In many cultures, including Western classical music, the act of composing typically includes the creation of music notation, such as a sheet music "score", which is then performed by the composer or by other instrumental musicians or singers. In popular music and traditional music, songwriting may involve the creation of a basic outline of the song, called the lead sheet, which sets out the melody, lyrics and chord progression. In classical music, orchestration (choosing the instruments of a large music ensemble such as an orchestra which will play the different parts of music, such as the melody, accompaniment, countermelody, bassline and so on) is typically done by the composer, but in musical theatre and in pop music, songwriters may hire an arranger to do the orchestration. In some cases, a pop or traditional songwriter may not use written notation at all, and instead compose the song in her mind and then play, sing and/or record it from memory. In jazz and popular music, notable sound recordings by influential performers are given the weight that written or printed scores play in classical music.  - A constitutional monarchy (also known as a parliamentary monarchy) is a form of monarchy in which the sovereign exercises their authorities in accordance with a written or unwritten constitution. Constitutional monarchy differs from absolute monarchy (in which a monarch holds absolute power), in that constitutional monarchs are bound to exercise their powers and authorities within the limits prescribed within an established legal framework. Constitutional monarchies range from countries such as Morocco, where the constitution grants substantial discretionary powers to the sovereign, to countries such as Sweden or Denmark where the monarch retains very few formal authorities.  - The Great National Assembly of the Serb People in Montenegro, known as the Podgorica Assembly ( /Podgorika skupština), was an assembly of the representative body of the Montenegrin people (the Kingdom of Montenegro) in November 1918, after World War I, that was to decide whether Montenegro was to unite with the Kingdom of Serbia. It was organized by a Serbian government committee. The two sides were known as the "Greens" and the "Whites", in favour of a confederation (independence) and unification (annexation), respectively. The assembly concluded the decision to merge Montenegro with Serbia. The creation of Yugoslavia followed.  - The Kingdom of Montenegro (Serbian:  a a / "Kraljevina Crna Gora"), was a monarchy in southeastern Europe, present day Montenegro, during the tumultuous years on the Balkan Peninsula leading up to and during World War I. Legally it was a constitutional monarchy, but absolutist in practice. On 28 November 1918, following the end of World War I, with its government still in exile, the unconstitutional Podgorica Assembly proclaimed union with the Kingdom of Serbia, and was merged into the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes three days later, on 1 December 1918.  - Anglican church music is music that is written for liturgical worship in Anglican church services.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'ubavoj nam crnoj gori' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1918  - absolute monarchy  - annexation  - anthem  - assembly  - balkans  - border  - bosnia and herzegovina  - capital  - century  - chord  - church  - city  - classical music  - committee  - composition  - constitution  - constitutional monarchy  - day  - december  - education  - framework  - hymn  - instrumental  - king  - lyrics  - melody  - merge  - military  - monarch  - monarchy  - mountain  - music  - musical  - musical composition  - nation  - national anthem  - national assembly  - nine  - notation  - november  - people  - plain  - practice  - principality  - representative  - republic  - ruler  - serbian  - seven  - song  - state  - symbol  - three  - time  - war  - work  - writing
Answer: