Summarize this article:

Police said Crowther could be traveling in a champagne-colored 2001 Mazda MPV. The van has a Kansas tag number: QKP711. 
  
 By Dave Faherty and Trish Williford 
  
 Thursday update: Police said they do not plan to file charges against a Salisbury woman who disappeared on the morning she was scheduled for a C-section. 
  
 Carrie Bradshaw-Crowther was found in Boone six days after she disappeared from her home. Channel 9 has been asking her family for more information about her baby. 
  
 Her brother said they're no longer expecting a new addition to the family but police have not said what happened to the child or if Bradshaw-Crowther was pregnant to begin with. 
  
 'No new addition to the family' after missing pregnant woman found, brother says 
  
 One day after a missing Salisbury woman was finally found safe, her family talked to Channel 9 to address the question on the minds of many. 
  
  
  
 “Is Carrie Bradshaw-Crowther's baby OK?” Channel 9 reporter Trish Williford asked. 
  
 "Carrie is presently hospitalized and is receiving much needed medical care, while it is unfortunate we no longer expect a new addition to our family and ask for your continued prayers," said Drew Bradshaw, Crowther's brother. 
  
 Bradshaw didn't go into any detail about what actually happened to his sister's baby. 
  
 Family members of Carrie Bradshaw-Crowther didn’t immediately return phone calls made by Channel 9 on Wednesday about the unborn child. 
  
 Family members say the 49-year-old was scheduled for a C-section last Tuesday when she disappeared from her Salisbury home. 
  
 Then, on Monday, authorities in Boone say Bradshaw-Crowther used her ATM card at a CVS store. They later found her at a gas station 
  
 Bradshaw-Crowther was then taken to a hospital for observation. But her family didn't mention her baby until now. 
  
 "Mr. Bradshaw, can you tell us if Carrie's baby died?” Williford asked. 
  
 “I can't tell you more than that all I can say is we're not expecting any new addition to our family. We respect the HIPAA laws and we feel that releasing any more information should be in Carrie's discretion after she has had the opportunity to heal," he said. 
  
 Bradshaw thanked the police and the community for their support during this time. They say Bradshaw-Crowther is still recovering at a hospital. 
  
 Search for Bradshaw-Crowther spanned multiple states 
  
  
  
 (Photo taken by Steve Frank: GoBlueRidge.net) 
  
 "I was very relieved it was a joy to find out Carrie was okay and alive and soon to be safe,” her brother Drew Bradshaw said. 
  
  
  
 Family members had few answers Tuesday and wouldn’t say how her unborn baby was doing, or if she was actually pregnant. 
  
  
  
 "Carrie is doing okay. She's in the hospital still being evaluated. We are unable to release a whole lot of information about that," Drew Bradshaw said. 
  
  
  
 The Watauga County Hospital she was taken to Monday said she had been discharged Tuesday. Her brother told Channel 9 his sister was admitted to another hospital, but wouldn’t say which one. 
  
  
  
 However, he wanted to thank thousands of people who responded to our stories since last week. 
  
  
  
 "We appreciate all the support, prayers, thoughts and concerns for Carrie," he said. 
  
 Channel 9 first broke the news that deputies found Bradshaw-Crowther Monday at a gas station in Boone in her Mazda MPV. 
  
  
  
 Channel 9 partners GoBlueRidge.com sent photo of what appears to be Bradshaw-Crowther moments after she was found. 
  
 Channel 9 asked police if she could face charges, in light of new information about the baby. 
  
 Salisbury police spokeswoman Capt. Shelia Lingle, said in an email, “We are not looking to charge her for anything.” 
  
 They referred Eyewitness News to the family for questions about the baby. 
  
 TIMELINE of the case 
  
 Tuesday, June 2: 
  
 Carrie Bradshaw-Crowther, 49, was scheduled to have a C-section Tuesday morning, according to daughter Laura Lusk. 
  
 Lusk went to get gas before returning to take her mom to hospital, but she was gone 
  
 Wednesday, June 3: 
  
 Bradshaw-Crowther was spotted at a Statesville gas station. 
  
 Police said they believe she spend at least one night at a hotel across the street. 
  
 Sunday, June 7: 
  
 Police obtained surveillance images from the Statesville gas station where she was last spotted 
  
 Monday, June 8: 
  
 Police located Bradshaw-Crowther at a Boone gas station after she used her ATM card at a nearby CVS store 
  
 Police are not releasing any information about her pregnancy or the baby 
  
 Tuesday, June 9: 
  
 Officials report Bradshaw-Crowther was released from the hospital. 
  
 Her brother said she was admitted to a different hospital sometime Tuesday. 
  
 Bradshaw-Crowther 's family announced there would be no new addition to their family. 
  
 When a deputy approached her she said, “I am Carrie.” 
  
 It has been six days since anyone has seen the 49-year-old. She was scheduled to have a C-section because of a high-risk pregnancy Tuesday, but disappeared from her home in Salisbury. 
  
 Police traced her car to the CVS in Boone and then called the store. 
  
 "They called and said a suspicious woman had come in, but she didn't look exactly like her picture online. She had dark hair and looked about the same age but didn't look pregnant or anything like that,” said clerk Eva Clause. 
  
 Family members, including her daughter, told Faherty they are going to Boone to be with her. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 “It's good news when we get her home. Thank you,” said Bradshaw-Crowther’s sister Amy. 
  
 Bradshaw-Crowther’s sister sped away from the home anxious to check on her sister’s condition. 
  
 Meanwhile, Salisbury police have a lot of questions about where she has been. 
  
 Her daughter told Channel 9 she left her Salisbury home to get gas and when she returned her mother was gone. 
  
 On Thursday, Bradshaw-Crowther was spotted a Statesville gas station. Police also believe she spent at least one night at a hotel across the street. 
  
  
  
 Deputies said Tuesday there's nothing criminal with this case. 
  
 Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com: 
  
  
  
  
  
  ||||| The pregnant North Carolina woman who vanished on the day of her C-section appointment is no longer expecting, her family said Tuesday. 
  
 Carrie Bradshaw-Crowther, 49, turned up Monday afternoon in Boone, a town in the Blue Ridge Mountains roughly 90 miles from her Salisbury home, nearly a week after she went missing. 
  
 Bradshaw-Crowther, who has a vascular condition that requires C-section births, is now receiving “much needed” treatment in a hospital, her brother Drew Bradshaw wrote on Facebook Tuesday night. 
  
 “While it is unfortunate, we no longer expect a new addition to our family and ask for your continued prayers,” Bradshaw said. 
  
 Carrie Bradshaw-Crowther, 49, went missing from her home in Salisbury, N.C., last week on the morning of her C-section appointment. Her disappearance touched off a major search and massive outpouring of support for her family. 
  
 “We respect the HIPPAA laws and we feel that releasing any more information should be in Carrie’s discretion after she has the opportunity to heal,” he added. 
  
 Her absence on the day of the procedure sparked a massive search and outpouring for the family, who worried that she might go into labor and pass away while she was in flight. 
  
 Bradshaw-Crowther has a severe form of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, which the Mayo Clinic says can lead to dangerous breakages in a person’s blood vessels, intestines or uterus. 
  
 On Tuesday, the family just wanted to express gratitude for police and hospital staff and the people who showed support and spread notice of the woman’s disappearance, Bradshaw said in his Facebook statement. 
  
 “The compassion shown by so many people, many who do not know Carrie, is the same compassion we know Carrie shows to others daily,” he wrote. “She is, and has always been a very loving person whose family is her world, and without hesitation, she puts herself second to anyone in need.” 
  
 Steve Frank/GoBlueRidge.net The Watauga County Sheriff’s Office in Boone, N.C., located Bradshaw-Crowther on Monday afternoon about 90 miles from her hometown in Salisbury. Salisbury Police Department The Salisbury Police Department released a surveillance image from a CVS store in Boone where a debit card transaction helped authorities locate her on Monday. Salisbury Police Department Bradshaw-Crowther apparently was traveling in her champagne-colored Mazda van when she disappeared. A survillance camera at a Shell gas station in Statesville, N.C., shows the vehicle. Previous Next 
  
  
  
 Enlarge 
  
 Follow on Twitter @tobysalkc 
  
 ON A MOBILE DEVICE? WATCH THE VIDEO HERE. 
  
 tsalinger@nydailynews.com |||||

Summary: