Information:  - Psychotherapy is the use of psychological methods, particularly when based on regular personal interaction, to help a person change and overcome problems in desired ways. Psychotherapy aims to improve an individual's well-being and mental health, to resolve or mitigate troublesome behaviors, beliefs, compulsions, thoughts, or emotions, and to improve relationships and social skills. Certain psychotherapies are considered evidence-based for treating some diagnosed mental disorders.  - The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance. In mammals, the ear is usually described as having three partsthe outer ear, middle ear and the inner ear. The outer ear consists of the pinna and the ear canal. Since the outer ear is the only visible portion of the ear in most animals, the word "ear" often refers to the external part alone. The middle ear includes the tympanic cavity and the three ossicles. The inner ear sits in the bony labyrinth, and contains structures which are key to several senses: the semicircular canals, which enable balance and eye tracking when moving; the utricle and saccule, which enable balance when stationary; and the cochlea, which enables hearing. The ears of vertebrates are placed somewhat symmetrically on either side of the head, an arrangement that aids sound localisation.  - Latin (Latin: ) is a classical language belonging to the Italic branch of the Indo-European languages. The Latin alphabet is derived from the Etruscan and Greek alphabets.  - Science is a systematic enterprise that builds and organizes knowledge in the form of testable explanations and predictions about the universe.  - Health is the level of functional and metabolic efficiency of a living organism. In humans it is the ability of individuals or communities to adapt and self-manage when facing physical, mental or social changes. The World Health Organization (WHO) defined health in its broader sense in its 1948 constitution as "a state of complete physical, mental, and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity." This definition has been subject to controversy, in particular as lacking operational value, the ambiguity in developing cohesive health strategies, and because of the problem created by use of the word "complete". Other definitions have been proposed, among which a recent definition that correlates health and personal satisfaction.  - A disease is a particular abnormal condition, a disorder of a structure or function, that affects part or all of an organism. The study of disease is called pathology which includes the causal study of etiology. Disease is often construed as a medical condition associated with specific symptoms and signs. It may be caused by external factors such as pathogens, or it may be caused by internal dysfunctions particularly of the immune system such as an immunodeficiency, or a hypersensitivity including allergies and autoimmunity.  - Medicine (British English ; American English ) is the science and practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease. The word "medicine" is derived from Latin "medicus", meaning "a physician". Medicine encompasses a variety of health care practices evolved to maintain and restore health by the prevention and treatment of illness. Contemporary medicine applies biomedical sciences, biomedical research, genetics, and medical technology to diagnose, treat, and prevent injury and disease, typically through pharmaceuticals or surgery, but also through therapies as diverse as psychotherapy, external splints and traction, medical devices, biologics, and ionizing radiation, amongst others.  - A gene is a locus (or region) of DNA which is made up of nucleotides and is the molecular unit of heredity. The transmission of genes to an organism's offspring is the basis of the inheritance of phenotypic traits. Most biological traits are under the influence of polygenes (many different genes) as well as geneenvironment interactions. Some genetic traits are instantly visible, such as eye colour or number of limbs, and some are not, such as blood type, risk for specific diseases, or the thousands of basic biochemical processes that comprise life.  - Diagnosis is the identification of the nature and cause of a certain phenomenon. Diagnosis is used in many different disciplines with variations in the use of logic, analytics, and experience to determine "cause and effect". In systems engineering and computer science, it is typically used to determine the causes of symptoms, mitigations, and solutions.  - A medical device is any instrument, apparatus, appliance, software, material, or other articlewhether used alone or in combination, including the software intended by its manufacturer to be used specifically for diagnostic and/or therapeutic purposes and necessary for its proper applicationintended by the manufacturer to be used for human beings for the purpose of:  - Surgery (from the "cheirourgik" (composed of , "hand", and , "work"), via , meaning "hand work") is an ancient medical specialty that uses operative manual and instrumental techniques on a patient to investigate and/or treat a pathological condition such as disease or injury, to help improve bodily function or appearance or to repair unwanted ruptured areas (for example, a perforated ear drum).  - In medicine , a nebulizer or nebuliser ( see spelling differences ) is a drug delivery device used to administer medication in the form of a mist inhaled into the lungs . Nebulizers are commonly used for the treatment of cystic fibrosis , asthma , COPD and other respiratory diseases . Analytical nebulizers are another form of nebulizer and are used primarily in laboratory settings for elemental analysis . Nebulizers use oxygen , compressed air or ultrasonic power to break up medical solutions and suspensions into small aerosol droplets that can be directly inhaled from the mouthpiece of the device . The definition of an aerosol is a `` mixture of gas and liquid particles , '' and the best example of a naturally occurring aerosol is mist , formed when small vaporized water particles mixed with hot ambient air are cooled down and condense into a fine cloud of visible airborne water droplets .  - A physician, medical practitioner, medical doctor or simply doctor is a professional who practises medicine, which is concerned with promoting, maintaining, or restoring health through the study, diagnosis, and treatment of disease, injury, and other physical and mental impairments. Physicians may focus their practice on certain disease categories, types of patients and methods of treatmentknown as specialitiesor they may assume responsibility for the provision of continuing and comprehensive medical care to individuals, families, and communitiesknown as general practice. Medical practice properly requires both a detailed knowledge of the academic disciplines (such as anatomy and physiology) underlying diseases and their treatmentthe "science" of medicineand also a decent competence in its applied practicethe art or "craft" of medicine.  - Ionizing radiation (ionising radiation) is radiation that carries enough energy to free electrons from atoms or molecules, thereby ionizing them. Ionizing radiation is made up of energetic subatomic particles, ions or atoms moving at high speeds (usually greater than 1% of the speed of light), and electromagnetic waves on the high-energy end of the electromagnetic spectrum.  - Health care or healthcare is the maintenance or improvement of health via the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease, illness, injury, and other physical and mental impairments in human beings. Health care is delivered by health professionals (providers or practitioners) in allied health professions, chiropractic, physicians, physician associates, dentistry, midwifery, nursing, medicine, optometry, pharmacy, psychology, and other health professions. It includes the work done in providing primary care, secondary care, and tertiary care, as well as in public health.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'nebulizer' with the relationship of 'instance of'.  Choices: - 1  - alphabet  - article  - branch  - cause  - combination  - condition  - controversy  - definition  - disease  - drum  - energy  - engineering  - enterprise  - environment  - evidence  - function  - gene  - genetics  - head  - health  - health organization  - hearing  - illness  - inheritance  - injury  - ionizing radiation  - language  - may  - medical device  - medicine  - nursing  - organ  - organism  - person  - pharmacy  - phenomenon  - practice  - professional  - psychotherapy  - public  - region  - science  - side  - structure  - study  - surgery  - system  - technology  - three  - treatment  - value  - variety  - work
The answer to this question is: