Click here to find out more from our brilliant Match Zone service - including Paul Pogba's heat map. Ecuador went out of the World Cup with a display of heroic defiance which shook France, the new contenders for the crown, to their aristocratic roots. The unfancied South Americans blazed another thrilling episode into this magnificent World Cup even after Manchester United’s Antonio Valencia was sent off early in the second half. That decision by the Ivory Coast referee could not discourage Ecuador from going desperately close to overcoming a French team who have become many people’s latest fancy to return here to the Maracana for the final. A lot of hearts went out with Ecuador as their electric counter-attacks had Didier Deschamps’ men scrambling to keep them out. Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris was almost as busy in the French goal as the flying Alexander Dominguez at the other end. What had begun as a rather tame affair finished with an explosion of chances in both goalmouths. Goalless it finished. A bore it was not. As close as they came: Antoine Griezmann hits the bar as Ecuador scramble to clear their lines. Flying in: Antonio Valencia goes in hard, with the Ecuador captain's studs running down Lucas Digne's left leg. In agony: Lucas Digne lies injured after a nasty clash with Antonio Valencia. Anxious moments: France players surround the stricken Lucas Digne before Antonio Valencia sees red for a poor tackle. Marching orders: Antonio Valencia is sent off by referee Noumandiez Doue after raking his studs down Lucas Digne's left leg. Ecuador: Dominguez 8, Paredes 6.5, Guagua 7.5, Erazo 6, Ayovi 6, A Valencia 4.5, Minda 6, Noboa 5.5 (Caicedo 89), Montero 6 (Ibarra 63), Arroyo 7 (Achillier 82), E Valencia 8. Subs not used: Banguera, Mendez, Rojas, Jaime Ayovi, Bagui, Saritama, Martinez, Achilier, Gruezo, Bone. Booked: Errazo. Sent off: Antonio Valencia. Coach: Reinaldo Rueda 7. France: Lloris 7.5, Sagna 5.5, Koscielny 6, Sakho 7 (Varane 60), Digne 7, Pogba 6.5, Schneiderlin 6, Matuidi 6 (Giroud 67), Griezmann 6 (Remy 79), Sissoko 5.5, Benzema 6. Subs not used: Ruffier, Debuchy, Evra, Cabaye, Cabella, Valbuena, Mavuba, Mangala, Landreau. Coach: Didier Deschamps 6.5. Referee: Noumandiez Doue (Ivory Coast) 6. When the breathless end came, France were heading for a date with Nigeria, Ecuador for home. However, the concept of this French team as ready to surpass the likes of Brazil and Argentina was not given any added traction.Beneath all the thrills there a was a back story on which the French are building their aspirations. The. battle for Karim Benzema was being joined in earnest by Real Madrid and. Arsenal, even as France breathlessly awaited a further sign that this. man is riding a magic carpet similar to that on which Zinedine Zidane. bore them to World Cup glory. The French regard Le Mistral, the hot. southern wind which comes to them from the deserts of North Africa, as. being full of mystery and wonder.That superstition was heightened. when Zidane, born in Marseilles of Algerian parents, arose to spirit. them to their first world championship in Paris in 1998. Sixteen. years later Benzema, born in Lyon to parents from a deeply spiritual. corner of Algeria, is emerging as their exotic new talisman. To. support that belief, he went into this match against Ecuador’s hopefuls. only one behind the four-goal leaders in the race for the Golden Boot,. Neymar and Lionel Messi. Not that he looked like catching them on this. outing. Still the French see it as another positive omen that on the. very day they formally closed out qualification for the last 16 Zidane. has accepted his first managerial appointment, at the club which is. determined to keep Benzema. Less romantically, the recruitment of Benzema’s idol as coach of their second team is a piece of clever opportunism by Real. The. prospect of working in the same environment as Zidane, on a daily. basis, would make it all the more of a wrench for Benzema to up sticks. and move to north London. A persuasion perhaps as great as the hugely. enriching new contract with which Real are preparing to welcome him back. to Spain from this World Cup. It counters the attraction to Benzema of playing under Arsene Wenger, the iconic French manager at the Emirates. VIDEO France fans optimistic about knockout stage. Just wide: Paul Pogba went close with this late header. Flying lesson: Alex Ibarra takes a trip under pressure from Lucas Digne. Hands on: Karim Benzema gets to grips with Frickson Erazo. Holding on: Alexander Dominguez of Ecuador makes a save as France threaten to break the deadlock. Girls' night out: The significant others of Yohan Cabaye, Loic Remy, Mamadou Sakho, Bacary Sagna and Patrice Evra enjoy a night out at the Maracana. Arsenal. are hoping also that one of their moles in the French camp, Olivier. Giroud, can excite Benzema to the possibility of them partnering each. other in the Premier League the way they work together for France. Albeit. not from the off in this game, in which Benzema was nudged forward. positionally to orthodox centre-forward and Giroud rested. But these. players will not be able to resist comparing two contracts, Giroud’s. existing deal at Arsenal and the bonanza being offered for Benzema to. keep playing his club football in Spain. And it has to be doubtful if. Arsenal will be either willing or able to match such astronomic wages,. especially if Benzema pushes them yet higher with more goals in these. finals. Such has Benzema’s impact been on this shimmering tournament. already that the French have as good as forgotten the grief which. consumed their nation when Franck Ribery was taken from them by injury. Ribery, after all, had been described by Zidane as ‘the new jewel of French football’. But. this team came into this tournament sparkling without him, so. brilliantly in their first two games that they have begun daring to. dream of winning their second World Cup. Ecuador have brought a. little perspective to that notion. They entered the Maracana expecting. that if they were to join Les Bleus they would have to resist being. demolished the way the Swiss were by France in game two of this group. Switzerland,. despite that five-goal hammering, were in pole position to follow. France through as they took on a demoralised Honduras. Ecuador. gleaned hope that they might match the Swiss result from the practice. of Deschamps rotating his players from match to match. High riser: Karim Benzema shrugs off the attentions of Juan Carlos Paredes to go close in the first half. High boot: Bacary Sagna gets some studs on his torso during the Maracana encounter. Hard in: Blaise Matuidi skips a tackle from Christian Noboa. Touching distance: Lucas Digne manages to escape the attentions of Antonio Valencia. Holding on: Hugo Lloris collects a loose ball to deny Ecuador a goalscoring chance. Patrice Evra. also took a turn on the bench, while Southampton’s contribution to this. World Cup was expanded by Morgan Schneiderlein being given a first World. Cup game here in place of Yohan Cabaye in midfield. A pity club-mates Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana and Luke Shaw were not still here to see it. Scheniderlin announced his arrival on this lofty stage with a feisty tussle with Antonio Valencia. Of. the Premier League contingent on view, Newcastle’s Moussa Sissoko. threatened in the early exchanges and Lloris came out smartly to smother. at the feet of Ecuador’s other Valencia. He was to be even busier. later. And while Antonio was not playing badly, Enner Valencia. continued to stretch the French defence, notably with a close-range. header which Lloris again did well to keep out. Clearing his lines: Laurent Koscielny removes the danger as Enner Valencia advances. Aerial battle: Ecuador's Jorge Guagua heads the ball to his teammates as France's Antoine Griezmann defends. A cause for concern: Enner Valencia left the field after suffering an injury in the first half. Marked man: Segundo Castillo keeps a close eye on dangerman Karim Benzema. Telescopic leg: Mamadou Sakho sticks out a limb to deny Enner Valencia. Ecuador kept pressing into the second half, even after Valencia’s 55th minute sending off. After. Dominguez brilliantly turned a close range effort from Stuart Broad. lookalike Antoine Griezmann against a post, the head bandaged Noboa went. clear on the counter, only to scoop his shot wide of Lloris. A. previously somewhat tepid game was now fully ignited – although the. French still marginally held the upper hand - this firefight  was not in. their script. Lloris had to pull out a huge save from substitute Ibarra to keep it goalless. In. the end it was France who were grateful for the final whistle, France. who celebrated, France who will field their best team from now. But it was Ecuador who the crowd rose to cheer.
Summarize the highlights of this article.