Information:  - The user interface (UI), in the industrial design field of humancomputer interaction, is the space where interactions between humans and machines occur. The goal of this interaction is to allow effective operation and control of the machine from the human end, whilst the machine simultaneously feeds back information that aids the operators' decision-making process. Examples of this broad concept of user interfaces include the interactive aspects of computer operating systems, hand tools, heavy machinery operator controls, and process controls. The design considerations applicable when creating user interfaces are related to or involve such disciplines as ergonomics and psychology.  - A display device is an output device for presentation of information in visual or tactile form (the latter used for example in tactile electronic displays for blind people). When the input information is supplied has an electrical signal, the display is called an "electronic display".  - , sometimes transliterated Gumpei Yokoi, was a Japanese video game designer. He was a long-time Nintendo employee, best known as creator of the Game & Watch handheld system, inventor of the Control Pad (whose plus-shaped design nearly all video game controllers attempt to mimic today), the original designer of the Game Boy, and producer of a few long-running and critically acclaimed video game franchises, such as "Metroid" and "Kid Icarus".  - History. Initially operating from a single-room apartment, Techns was founded in 1981 by three staff members of Data East. Their first game was "Minky Monkey", released in 1982. Many of Techns Japan's earlier games were often published or distributed by other companies, particularly Data East (as was the case with "Karate Champ") and Taito, as Techns at the time did not have the economical resource to distribute their own games.  - WWF Superstars is an arcade game manufactured by Techns Japan and released in 1989. It is the first WWF arcade game to be released. A series of unrelated games with the same title were released by LJN for the original Game Boy. Techns followed the game with the release of "WWF WrestleFest" in 1991.  - IMAGE (from Imager for Magnetopause-to-Aurora Global Exploration), or Explorer 78, was a NASA MIDEX mission that studied the global response of the Earth's magnetosphere to changes in the solar wind. It was launched March 25, 2000 by a Delta II rocket from Vandenberg AFB and ceased operations in December 2005.  - An electronic game is a game that employs electronics to create an interactive system with which a player can play. Video game is the most common form today, and for this reason the terms are often mistakenly used synonymously. Other common forms of electronic game include such products as handheld electronic games, standalone systems (e.g. pinball, slot machines, or electro-mechanical arcade games), and exclusively non-visual products (e.g. audio games).  - An arcade game or coin-op is a coin-operated entertainment machine typically installed in public businesses such as restaurants, bars and amusement arcades. Most arcade games are video games, pinball machines, electro-mechanical games, redemption games or merchandisers. While exact dates are debated, the golden age of arcade video games is usually defined as a period beginning sometime in the late 1970s and ending sometime in the mid-1980s. Excluding a brief resurgence in the early 1990s, the arcade industry subsequently declined in the Western hemisphere as competing home-based video game consoles such as Playstation and Xbox increased in their graphics and game-play capability and decreased in cost.  - The Game Boy line is a line of handheld game consoles developed, manufactured, and marketed by Nintendo. The product line has sold 200 million units worldwide.  - Satoru Okada (  "Okada Satoru") was the general manager of Nintendo Research & Engineering, the division designing and developing Nintendo handheld game consoles (such as the Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance, Game Boy Advance SP, and Nintendo DS consoles). He is best known for creating the original Game Boy. He was also assistant producer and director of and contributor to several Nintendo games, notably "Metroid", released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1986.  - The Nintendo Entertainment System (commonly abbreviated as NES) is an 8-bit home video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. The best-selling gaming console of its time, the NES helped revitalize the US video game industry following the video game crash of 1983. With the NES, Nintendo introduced a now-standard business model of licensing third-party developers, authorizing them to produce and distribute titles for Nintendo's platform.  - This is the video game for the Nintendo Game Boy . For the arcade game of the same name , see WWF Superstars . WWF Superstars is a video game released on the Game Boy handheld console by LJN , based on the WWF 's syndicated television show of the same name . This game was the first WWF / E game for the Game Boy system . The game was succeeded by WWF Superstars 2 , which was released in 1992 by Acclaim Entertainment . A unique engine was built from the ground up ; the developers never attempted to emulate the gaming engine found in the more advanced WWF games .  - The concept of video games as a form of art is a controversial topic within the entertainment industry. Though video games have been afforded legal protection as creative works by the Supreme Court of the United States, the philosophical proposition that video games are works of art remains in question, even when considering the contribution of expressive elements such as graphics, storytelling and music. Even art games, games purposely designed to be a work of creative expression, have been challenged as works of art by some critics.  - WWF WrestleFest is a professional wrestling arcade game released by Techns in 1991, featuring stars of the World Wrestling Federation. The game was distributed by Techns in Japan and North America and by Tecmo in Europe and Australasia. It is the sequel to Techns' previous WWF game, "WWF Superstars". Compared to "Superstars", "WrestleFest" adds a variety of different wrestlers to the roster as well as enhanced graphics and sound. There are more voice samples, including commentary and pre-match introductions by WWF ring announcer Mike McGuirk. The voiced cut scenes featuring Gene Okerlund from "Superstars" returned as well.  - The is an 8-bit handheld video game device with interchangeable cartridges developed and manufactured by Nintendo, which was first released in Japan on , in North America on and in Europe on . It is the first handheld console in the Game Boy line and was created by Satoru Okada and Nintendo Research & Development 1. This same team, led by Gunpei Yokoi at the time, is credited with designing the Game & Watch series as well as several popular games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Redesigned versions were released in 1996 and 1998 in the form of Game Boy Pocket and Game Boy Light (Japan only), respectively.  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere. It can also be considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.  - LJN Toys, Ltd. was an American toy company and video game publisher in operation from 1970 to 1995. It manufactured toy lines and released battery operated water guns and video games based on licensed properties from movies, television shows, and celebrities. It was headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, and later in Lyndhurst, New Jersey. LJN introduced the Entertech line of battery operated water guns in 1986.  - Abandoning previous ventures in favor of toys in the 1960s, Nintendo then developed into a video game company in the 1970s, ultimately becoming one of the most influential in the industry and Japan's third most-valuable company with a market value of over $85 billion. From 1992 until 2016, Nintendo was also the majority shareholder of Major League Baseball's Seattle Mariners.    What entity does 'wwf superstars ' has the relation 'genre' with?
Answer: