Please answer the following question: Information:  - Marvel Entertainment, LLC (formerly Marvel Enterprises and Toy Biz, Inc. and marketed and stylized as MARVEL) is an American entertainment company founded in June 1998, merging Marvel Entertainment Group, Inc. and ToyBiz. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, and is mainly known for its Marvel Comics, Marvel Animation and Marvel Television units. Marvel Studios, formerly under the "Marvel" umbrella, became a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios, where it develops and produces a shared universe that shares continuity with shows produced by the television unit.  - A comic book or comicbook, also called comic magazine or simply comic, is a publication that consists of comic art in the form of sequential juxtaposed panels that represent individual scenes. Panels are often accompanied by brief descriptive prose and written narrative, usually dialog contained in word balloons emblematic of the comics art form. Although some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s. The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics. The term "comic book" derives from American comic books once being a compilation of comic strips of a humorous tone; however, this practice was replaced by featuring stories of all genres, usually not humorous in tone.  - Howard the Duck is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer Steve Gerber and artist Val Mayerik. Howard the Duck first appeared in "Adventure into Fear" #19 (cover-dated Dec. 1973) and several subsequent series have chronicled the misadventures of the ill-tempered, anthropomorphic, "funny animal" trapped on human-dominated Earth.  - James P. "Jim" Starlin (born October 9, 1949) is an American comic book writer and artist. With a career dating back to the early 1970s, he is best known for "cosmic" tales and space opera; for revamping the Marvel Comics characters Captain Marvel and Adam Warlock; and for creating or co-creating the Marvel characters Thanos, Drax the Destroyer, Gamora and Shang-Chi, Master of Kung Fu.  - Stewart the Rat is a graphic novel written by Steve Gerber, penciled by Gene Colan, and inked by Tom Palmer. It was published in November 1980 by Eclipse Enterprises. "Stewart the Rat" was reprinted in January 2003 by About Comics.  - Stephen Ross "Steve" Gerber (September 20, 1947  February 10, 2008) was an American comic book writer best known as co-creator of the satiric Marvel Comics character Howard the Duck. Other notable works include "Man-Thing", "Omega the Unknown", "Marvel Spotlight": "Son of Satan", "The Defenders", "Marvel Presents": "Guardians of the Galaxy", "Daredevil" and "Foolkiller". Gerber was known for including lengthy text pages in the midst of comic book stories, such as in his graphic novel, "Stewart the Rat". Gerber was posthumously inducted into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2010.  - The Foolkiller is the name of four different fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.  - Marvel Presents was an American comic book anthology series published by Marvel Comics. Twelve issues were published from October 1975 to August 1977.  - The Man-Thing (Dr. Theodore "Ted" Sallis) is a fictional monster appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writers Stan Lee, Roy Thomas, and Gerry Conway and artist Gray Morrow, the character first appeared in "Savage Tales" #1 (May 1971), and went on to be featured in various titles and in his own series, including "Adventure into Fear", which introduced the character Howard the Duck.  - Marvel Spotlight is the name of several comic book series published by Marvel Comics as a try-out book for new characters. The first series ran for 33 issues from November 1971 to April 1977 and the second series ran for eleven issues from July 1979 to March 1981.  - Omega the Unknown was an American comic book published by Marvel Comics from 1976 to 1977, featuring the eponymous fictional character. The series, written by Steve Gerber and Mary Skrenes and illustrated by Jim Mooney, ran for 10 issues before cancellation for low sales. Despite its short run, it has remained as a cult classic due to its intriguing characters and unusual storytelling. A 10-issue series revamping the character was published from 2007 to 2008, written by novelist Jonathan Lethem and illustrated by Farel Dalrymple.  - Thanos is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character is usually depicted as a Titanian mutantEternal superhuman. The character first appeared in "Iron Man" #55 (Feb. 1973) and was created by writer-artist Jim Starlin. Debuting in the Bronze Age of Comic Books, the character has been featured in over four decades of Marvel continuity and a self-titled series.  - Marvel Comics is the common name and primary imprint of Marvel Worldwide Inc., formerly Marvel Publishing, Inc. and Marvel Comics Group, an American publisher of comic books and related media. In 2009, The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment, Marvel Worldwide's parent company.  - Shang-Chi is a fictional character, often called the "Master of Kung Fu", appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He was created by writer Steve Englehart and artist Jim Starlin. Shang-Chi is an extraordinary master of numerous unarmed and weaponry-based wushu-styles, including the use of the "gun", "nunchaku" and "jian". He later, upon joining the Avengers, ultimately gains the power to create countless duplicates of himself.  - The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. It is the world's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue, after Comcast. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and theme parks. The company also operated under the names The Walt Disney Studio, then Walt Disney Productions. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media.  - Drax the Destroyer (Arthur Douglas) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer/artist Jim Starlin, the character first appeared in "Iron Man" #55 (February 1973).  - Michael Korvac ( often called Korvac or The Enemy ) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics . The character first appears in Giant - Size Defenders # 3 ( Jan. 1975 ) and was created by Steve Gerber and Jim Starlin .  - A graphic novel is a book made up of comics content. Although the word "novel" normally refers to long fictional works, the term "graphic novel" is applied broadly and includes fiction, non-fiction, and anthologized work. It is distinguished from the term "comic book", which is used for comics periodicals.  - Adam Warlock, originally known as Him, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character's earliest appearances were in "Fantastic Four" #66-67 (cover-dates Sept. 1967 and Oct. 1967) and "Thor" #165-166 (JuneJuly 1969). He was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, and significantly developed by Roy Thomas and Jim Starlin.  - Gamora is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Jim Starlin, the character first appeared in "Strange Tales" #180 (June 1975). Gamora is the adopted daughter of Thanos, and the last of her species. Her powers include superhuman strength and agility and an accelerated healing factor. She also is an elite combatant, being able to best most of the opponents in the galaxy. She has appeared as the occasional love interest of the superheroes Adam Warlock and Nova, and a member of the group known as the Infinity Watch. The character played a role in the 2007 crossover comic book event "", and became a member of the titular team in its spin-off comic, "Guardians of the Galaxy". She has been featured in a variety of associated Marvel merchandise. Zoe Saldana plays the character in the 2014 live-action film "Guardians of the Galaxy".    What is the relationship between 'korvac' and 'supervillain'?
Answer: