Article:
Riley Cooper has left the Philadelphia Eagles to undergo counseling after he used a racial slur, the team announced Friday. 
  
 "As we have said, Riley Cooper will be seeking counseling and we have excused him from all team activities," the team said in a statement. "This is all new territory and we are going to evaluate this timetable every step of the way. He will meet with professionals provided by the Eagles during this period of time to better help him understand how his words have hurt so many, including his teammates." 
  
 Cooper, who previously issued an apology, also made a statement that was released by the team. 
  
 "The last few days have been incredibly difficult for me," Cooper said. "My actions were inexcusable. The more I think about what I did, the more disgusted I get. I keep trying to figure out how I could have said something so repulsive, and what I can do to make things better. 
  
 "Right now, I think it's important for me to take some time to reflect on this situation. The organization and my teammates have been extremely supportive, but I also realize that there are people who will have a tough time forgiving me for what I've done. The best thing for me, and for the team, is to step away for a period of time." 
  
 The Eagles fined Cooper an undisclosed amount for his use of the N-word at a Kenny Chesney concert in June. The receiver said Wednesday the fine was substantial. 
  
 Although Cooper was drinking alcohol when he used the slur, he is not being treated for alcohol use, league sources told ESPN's Ed Werder. In addition, Cooper is expecting to eventually return to the Eagles, who are paying him during his absence and have dedicated a roster spot to him. 
  
 "There's never been any question of cutting Riley," coach Chip Kelly said Friday. "We talked on Day 1 when we met with Riley, [owner] Jeffrey [Lurie] and myself, Riley was in full agreement that he needed to get some assistance in this situation. It took us about 24 to 36 hours to kind of put a plan in place. It was really important, I thought, for Riley to be with us yesterday. 
  
 "We just didn't want him sitting at home so, he was here with the team, and when we finally got plans in place, I met with him again this morning. He'll be gone. I don't have an exact timetable. That will get figured out, but his status with us is not in question." 
  
 The mayor of Philadelphia, Michael A. Nutter, released a statement to ESPN in which he was highly critical of Cooper and Eagles management, saying in part, "As the Mayor of this City and an African-American man, I find the remarks made by Riley Cooper repugnant, insensitive and ignorant, and all of us, regardless of race or nationality, should be offended by these comments. 
  
 "In a year when we celebrated the great achievements of Jackie Robinson in the movie "42", it is truly saddening that racial epithets are still being hurled like baseballs, or by a football player, at the human dignity of African-Americans and others. This incident is a disgrace, and cannot be excused by just paying a fine, as if it were a parking ticket." 
  
 NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said Thursday on ESPN Radio that no further discipline would be coming from the league, as the collective bargaining agreement doesn't permit dual punishment by the league and a team for the same incident. 
  
 Eagles running back LeSean McCoy said while he forgives Cooper for his comments, he's lost respect for the wide receiver. ||||| Riley Cooper took an indefinite, excused absence from the Eagles on Friday and will not participate in practice, meetings, or be at the team's training facility until he receives counseling. The announcement came two days after an online video showed Cooper screaming a racial slur at a concert in June. In a statement, Cooper said he needed time to "reflect" on the situation, which could further fester into a divisive issue within the team's locker room. "The best thing for me, and for the team, is to step away for a period of time," Cooper said. The team has no timetable for Cooper's return, and Cooper said he'll leave for "as long as it takes . . . to try to make this thing right." 
  
 Eagles coach Chip Kelly said the team had planned for Cooper to receive counseling after initially meeting with Cooper on Wednesday and that it took 24-36 hours to make a plan. In explaining why the absence did not begin sooner, Kelly also said the team wanted Cooper at the NovaCare Complex with his teammates on Thursday because they did not want him to be alone. 
  
 "We still care about Riley," Kelly said. "He was wrong in what he did, but that doesn't mean we're just going to kick him to the street." 
  
 Kelly also was adamant that Cooper will return to the team, and that his place on the roster is not in doubt. Releasing Cooper from the team because of this incident did not appear to be a consideration. 
  
 "There's never been any question of cutting Riley," Kelly said. 
  
 The Eagles held another team meeting on Friday morning as the beginning of what Kelly termed a "healing process." Among the players who spoke were veterans Jason Avant, Jon Dorenbos, DeMeco Ryans, and Jeremy Maclin. 
  
 Kelly called the meeting "very productive." Yet emotions remained raw with players on the Eagles, and the meeting was not satisfactory for everybody on the roster. Cornerback Cary Williams noted that the players who spoke offered positive words about Cooper, 25, and there must be a forum for those angry with Cooper to address the now-notorious receiver. 
  
 "That's why I think there's still an elephant in the room," Williams said. "It's great to have a conversation about it, but you got to have the guys that have an issue come out and say something about the situation. And I would rather the offender to be present so everybody could have an understanding of where individuals are coming from." 
  
 Kelly said that no player has said he would not play with Cooper, although Kelly understood that the anger publicly expressed by players is a "natural reaction." 
  
 Wide receiver DeSean Jackson did not want to speak out about Cooper because he said it's his "personal opinion." Jackson just hoped the issue will not damage the team's 2013 campaign. The Eagles open the preseason on Aug. 9 at home against the New England Patriots and start the regular season Sept. 9 in Washington. 
  
 "We don't want this to be a burden on our season," Jackson said. "Whatever he has to do as a man, that's something he has to handle and deal with it." 
  
 Williams believes this issue "supersedes the season" and that it must still be addressed. Quarterback Michael Vick, one of the leaders of the team, said there's a plan in place to welcome Cooper back to become "one of the guys." 
  
 When that will happen remains to be seen. The team said "this is all new territory" and that the timetable will be evaluated with each step. 
  
 Now, even though the distraction remains, the Eagles can at least go on with football. 
  
 "This isn't a football deal," Kelly said. "It's a life deal." ||||| Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Riley Cooper was recently caught on tape making a racist comment during what appears to be an argument. According to Philadelphia sports blog Crossing Broad, Cooper was at a Kenny Chesney concert in June when this incident took place. 
  
 WARNING: VIDEO CONTAINS OFFENSIVE LANGUAGE 
  
 Shortly after the video began going viral on Wednesday afternoon, Cooper tweeted what appeared to be a related apology. 
  
 I am so ashamed and disgusted with myself. I want to apologize. I have been offensive. I have apologized to my coach, Jeffrey Lurie, and — Riley Cooper (@RileyCooper_14) July 31, 2013 
  
 Howie roseman and to my teammates. I owe an apology to the fans and to this community. I am so ashamed, but there are no excuses. What I did — Riley Cooper (@RileyCooper_14) July 31, 2013 
  
 Was wrong and I will accept the consequences. — Riley Cooper (@RileyCooper_14) July 31, 2013 
  
 A fifth-round pick in the 2010 NFL Draft, Cooper had 23 catches for 248 receiving yards last season for the Eagles. 
  
 UPDATE: Both Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie and the NFL released statements on the video. Lurie said Cooper has been fined. More via Jeff McLane of the Philadelphia Inquirer: 
  
 Jeffrey Lurie statement: "We are shocked and appalled by Riley Cooper’s words. This sort of behavior or attitude from anyone has no role ... — Jeff McLane (@Jeff_McLane) July 31, 2013 
  
 ... in a civil society. He has accepted responsibility for his words and his actions. He has been fined for this incident." — Jeff McLane (@Jeff_McLane) July 31, 2013 
  
 ... in a civil society. He has accepted responsibility for his words and his actions. He has been fined for this incident." — Jeff McLane (@Jeff_McLane) July 31, 2013 |||||Summary: