Given the question: Information:  - Rhythm and blues, often abbreviated as R&B or RnB, is a genre of popular African-American music that originated in the 1940s. The term was originally used by record companies to describe recordings marketed predominantly to urban African Americans, at a time when "urbane, rocking, jazz based music with a heavy, insistent beat" was becoming more popular. In the commercial rhythm and blues music typical of the 1950s through the 1970s, the bands usually consisted of piano, one or two guitars, bass, drums, saxophone, and sometimes background vocalists. R&B lyrical themes often encapsulate the African-American experience of pain and the quest for freedom and joy. Lyrics focus heavily on the themes of triumphs and failures in terms of relationships, freedom, economics, aspirations, and sex.  - Rolling Stones Records was the record label formed by the Rolling Stones members Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Mick Taylor, Charlie Watts and Bill Wyman in 1970, after their recording contract with Decca Records expired. It was first distributed in the United States by Atlantic Records subsidiary Atco Records. Beginning in 1973 it signed a distribution deal with Atlantic Records. In 1986 Columbia Records started distributing it. In the UK, it was distributed by EMI. The label was initially headed by Marshall Chess, the son of Chess Records founder Leonard Chess. It was discontinued in 1992 when the band signed to Virgin Records, but the tongue-and-lips logo remains on all post-1970 Rolling Stones releases.  - `` Some Girls '' is the title track of English rock and roll band the Rolling Stone 's 1978 album Some Girls . It marked the third time a song on one of the band 's albums also served as the album 's title and is noted for its risque lyrics concerning the title 's `` some girls '' . Alongside previous Stones releases that courted controversy ( `` Under My Thumb '' , `` Brown Sugar '' , `` Star Star '' ) due to their apparently degrading lyrics towards women , `` Some Girls '' caused a ruckus among both feminists and civil rights activists over such lyrics as `` black girls just want to get fucked all night '' and `` Chinese girls are so gentle / They 're really such a tease '' . Mick Jagger and the band defended the song , saying the lyrics mocked actual stereotypical feelings towards women . Saturday Night Live cast member Garrett Morris commented on the controversy with a mock - editorial on the show 's Weekend Update segment : After giving the impression that he was going to openly criticize the Stones , he quoted a sanitized version of the `` Black girls just ... '' line , then stated `` I have one thing to say to you , Mr. Mick Jagger ... where are these women ? ! ? '' The song is demonstrative of the unconventional uses of steel guitars heard throughout the Some Girls album , with an unusual , droning , phased two - chord groove that 's among the Stones ' most unusual arrangements . The original cut of the song ran some 23 minutes and featured verses Jagger came up with as they went along . Harmonica player Sugar Blue provides some virtuosic blues - style solos on the track . The song was featured heavily on the Stones ' 1999 North American No Security Tour which concentrated on lesser - known songs from the band 's catalogue . A performance during the band 's 2006 leg of the A Bigger Bang Tour was captured for the 2008 live album Shine a Light .  - Rock and roll (often written as rock & roll or rock 'n' roll) is a genre of popular music that originated and evolved in the United States during the late 1940s and early 1950s, from African-American musical styles such as gospel, jazz, boogie woogie, and rhythm and blues, with country. While elements of rock and roll can be heard in blues records from the 1920s and in country records of the 1930s, the genre did not acquire its name until the 1950s.  - The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962. The original line-up consisted of Brian Jones (rhythm guitar, harmonica), Mick Jagger (lead vocals), Keith Richards (lead guitar, backing vocals), Ian Stewart (piano), Bill Wyman (bass) and Charlie Watts (drums). Stewart was removed from the official line-up in 1963 but continued as a touring member until his death in 1985. Jones left the band less than a month prior to his death in 1969, having already been replaced by Mick Taylor, who remained until 1974. After Taylor left the band, Ronnie Wood took his place in 1975 and has been on guitar in tandem with Richards ever since. Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones joined as their touring bassist. Other touring keyboardists for the band have been Nicky Hopkins (196782), Billy Preston (through the mid 1970s) and Chuck Leavell (1982-present). The band was first led by Jones, but after teaming as the band's songwriters, Jagger and Richards assumed leadership while Jones dealt with legal and personal troubles.  - Some Girls is the 14th British and 16th American studio album by the Rolling Stones, released in 1978 on Rolling Stones Records. It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, and became the band's top selling album in the United States, certified by the RIAA as having six million copies sold as of 2000. It was a major critical success, becoming the only Rolling Stones album to be nominated for a Grammy in the Album of the Year category. Many reviewers called it a classic return to form and their best album since 1972's "Exile on Main St."  - Jazz is a music genre that originated amongst African Americans in New Orleans, United States, in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Since the 1920s jazz age, jazz has become recognized as a major form of musical expression. It emerged in the form of independent traditional and popular musical styles, all linked by the common bonds of African American and European American musical parentage with a performance orientation. Jazz is characterized by swing and blue notes, call and response vocals, polyrhythms and improvisation. Jazz has roots in West African cultural and musical expression, and in African-American music traditions including blues and ragtime, as well as European military band music. Although the foundation of jazz is deeply rooted within the Black experience of the United States, different cultures have contributed their own experience and styles to the art form as well. Intellectuals around the world have hailed jazz as "one of America's original art forms".  - Popular music is music with wide appeal that is typically distributed to large audiences through the music industry. These forms and styles can be enjoyed and performed by people with little or no musical training. It stands in contrast to both art music and traditional or "folk" music. Art music was historically disseminated through the performances of written music, although since the beginning of the recording industry, it is also disseminated through recordings. Traditional music forms such as early blues songs or hymns were passed along orally, or to smaller, local audiences.  - Exile on Main St. is a double album by English rock band the Rolling Stones. It was released on 12 May 1972 by Rolling Stones Records and was the band's tenth studio album released in the United Kingdom. The record's music incorporates rock and roll, blues, soul, country, and gospel genres. Although it originally received mixed reviews, "Exile on Main St." has since been considered to be the Rolling Stones' best work while being ranked on various lists as one of the greatest albums of all time.  - Blues is a genre and musical form originated by African Americans in the Deep South of the United States around the end of the 19th century. The genre developed from roots in African musical traditions, African-American work songs and European-American folk music. Blues incorporated spirituals, work songs, field hollers, shouts, chants, and rhymed simple narrative ballads. The blues form, ubiquitous in jazz, rhythm and blues and rock and roll, is characterized by the call-and-response pattern, the blues scale and specific chord progressions, of which the twelve-bar blues is the most common. Blue notes (or "worried notes"), usually thirds or fifths flattened in pitch, are also an essential part of the sound. Blues shuffles or walking bass reinforce the trance-like rhythm and form a repetitive effect known as the groove.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'some girls ' with the relationship of 'performer'.  Choices: - a  - all  - billy preston  - black  - blue  - blues incorporated  - can  - deep  - double  - exile  - focus  - gospel  - london  - nicky hopkins  - orleans  - pain  - ronnie wood  - some girls  - south  - the music  - the rolling stones  - the sound  - time  - various
The answer is: