Information:  - Mate. Feed. Kill. Repeat. is the first release by American metal band Slipknot. Released originally on October 31, 1996, it was limited to production of 1,000 copies. The band originally self-distributed some of these copies, but went on to release the remaining units through -ismist Recordings in 1997. Due to its limited release, the album has become much sought by fans since Slipknot's rise in fame.  - Murderdolls were an American horror punk supergroup, founded during 2002 in Hollywood, California. The band line-up consisted of core members Wednesday 13 and Joey Jordison, while former members included Ben Graves, Acey Slade, Eric Griffin and Tripp Eisen.  - A county seat is an administrative center, seat of government, or capital city of a county or civil parish. The term is used in the United States, Canada, Romania, China and Taiwan. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, county towns have a similar function.  - Des Moines is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Iowa. It is also the county seat of Polk County. A small portion of the city extends into Warren County. It was incorporated on September 22, 1851, as Fort Des Moines, which was shortened to "Des Moines" in 1857. It is located on and named after the Des Moines River, which likely was adapted from the French colonial name, "Rivière des Moines," meaning "River of the Monks." The city's population was 203,433 as of the 2010 census. The five-county metropolitan area is ranked 91st in terms of population in the United States with 599,789 residents according to the 2013 estimate by the United States Census Bureau.  - Waukee is a city in Dallas County, Iowa, United States. The population was 13,790 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Des Moines  West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.  - A U.S. state is a constituent political entity of the United States of America. There are 50 states, which are bound together in a union with each other. Each state holds administrative jurisdiction over a defined geographic territory, and shares its sovereignty with the United States federal government. Due to the shared sovereignty between each state and the federal government, Americans are citizens of both the federal republic and of the state in which they reside. State citizenship and residency are flexible, and no government approval is required to move between states, except for persons covered by certain types of court orders (e.g., paroled convicts and children of divorced spouses who are sharing custody).  - The United States Census Bureau (USCB; officially the Bureau of the Census, as defined in Title ) is a principal agency of the U.S. Federal Statistical System, responsible for producing data about the American people and economy.  - The Des Moines River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in the upper Midwestern United States that is approximately long from its farther headwaters. The largest river flowing across the state of Iowa, it rises in southern Minnesota and flows across Iowa from northwest to southeast, passing from the glaciated plains into the unglaciated hills near the capital city of Des Moines, named after the river, in the center of the state.   - Donald S. "Donnie" Steele (born October 6, 1971) is an American heavy metal musician. Born in Des Moines, Iowa, he is best known as one of two original guitarists in Slipknot. Steele co-founded Slipknot in 1995, performing on the band's debut demo "Mate. Feed. Kill. Repeat." He left in 1996 and was replaced by Craig "133" Jones, but later rejoined in 2011 as the touring bassist following the 2010 death of Paul Gray. Steele contributed to the band's 2014 album "", but was later replaced full-time by Alessandro Venturella.  - Nathan Jonas "Joey" Jordison (born April 26, 1975), is an American musician, songwriter, record producer and multi-instrumentalist, best known for his work as the former drummer and co-songwriter for the American heavy metal band Slipknot as well as guitarist in the American horror punk band Murderdolls. Jordison played in Slipknot since their formation in 1995 until his departure from the band in December 2013. He was the drummer and founder of the American heavy metal band Scar the Martyr which formed in 2013 and disbanded in 2016. He grew up in Waukee, Iowa with his parents and two sisters, and was given his first drum kit at the age of 8. He performed in several bands until joining in the summer of 1995 with the group The Pale Ones, which would later change their name to Slipknot. Of Slipknot's nine-member lineup which lasted from 19992010, Joey was the third to join the band.  - A monk (from , "monachos", "single, solitary" and Latin "monachus") is a person who practices religious asceticism, living either alone or with any number of other monks. A monk may be a person who decided to dedicate his life to serving all other living beings, or to be an ascetic who voluntarily chooses to leave mainstream society and live his life in prayer and contemplation. The concept is ancient and can be seen in many religions and in philosophy.  - A census is the procedure of systematically acquiring and recording information about the members of a given population. It is a regularly occurring and official count of a particular population. The term is used mostly in connection with national population and housing censuses; other common censuses include agriculture, business, and traffic censuses. The United Nations defines the essential features of population and housing censuses as "individual enumeration, universality within a defined territory, simultaneity and defined periodicity", and recommends that population censuses be taken at least every 10 years. United Nations recommendations also cover census topics to be collected, official definitions, classifications and other useful information to co-ordinate international practice.  - Horror punk (sometimes called horror rock) is a music genre that mixes Gothic and punk rock sounds with morbid or violent imagery and lyrics, which are often influenced by horror films or science fiction B-movies. The genre is similar to and sometimes overlaps with deathrock, although deathrock leans more towards an atmospheric Gothic rock sound while horror punk leans towards a 1950s-influenced doo-wop and rockabilly sound. Horrorpunk music is typically more aggressive and melodic than deathrock.  - Slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist Anders Colsefni , guitarists Donnie Steele and Josh `` Gnar '' Brainard , bassist Paul Gray , drummer Joey Jordison and percussionist Shawn Crahan , in Des Moines , Iowa . Since its inception in 1995 , the band has gone through multiple lineup changes , many occurring before the release of its debut album Slipknot , in 1999 . The band is known for its large lineup , which consists of nine members , including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , a primary drummer and two additional percussionists , a sampler , and a turntablist . In 1996 , during the mixing stage of the band 's demo album Mate . Feed . Kill . Repeat. , Slipknot saw its first lineup change when guitarist Donnie Steele left the band and was replaced by Craig Jones . Shortly after , drummer Jordison suggested they would need a full - time sampler and Jones fit the position as `` he liked doing that anyway . '' Mick Thomson was brought in to fill the open position on guitar . After the release of Mate . Feed . Kill . Repeat . the band members were working on new material which required more vocal melody and vocalist Colsefni struggled with this . In 1997 , Corey Taylor was recruited from local band Stone Sour and after practicing with Slipknot `` everything just clicked . '' As a result , Colsefni was moved to backing vocals and percussion . However , Colsefni became unhappy with his new role and left the band a month later . Wanting to retain their percussive edge , the band chose Greg Welts as Colsefni 's replacement . Towards the end of 1997 , each member chose a number as his alias . Slipknot considered including a DJ in their lineup , but had difficulty finding one because `` the people ( they ) knew who were DJs all sucked ! '' Sid Wilson approached the band after seeing them live . He proceeded to impress the band with his ability and his antics , especially his crowd surfing skills . ; Wilson was considered `` Slipknot material '' and his hiring brought the lineup to...    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'is a list of' with the subject 'list of slipknot band members'.  Choices: - album  - ancient  - band  - capital  - city  - count  - county  - line  - music genre  - musician  - people  - person  - population  - record  - release  - river  - single  - state  - system  - term  - title
A: