The Islamic State has set up terror training camps in Libya after the U.S. admitted that more than one hundred militants have gathered in the country. ISIS has already overran large areas of Iraq and Syria and a today a top US general confirmed that the Islamic extremists had set up in eastern Libya with the American military monitoring the situation closely. Western countries have been increasingly worried that Libya's political turmoil could provide fertile ground for Islamic extremists, but General David Rodriguez ruled out military action on the 'nascent' camps in the immediate future. Scroll down for video. The group has largely focused on Iraq and is currently fighting for control of Kobane in Syria but there are fears they are spreading into North Africa. The head of US Africa Command told reporters at the Pentagon: 'They put training camps out there', referring to ISIS who have seized territory in Iraq and neighboring Syria this year in a brutal and swift offensive of beheadings and forced religious conversions. 'ISIS has begun its efforts over in the east out there to introduce some people over there. 'But we'll have to just continue to monitor and watch that carefully in the future to see what happens or whether it grows on unabated.' He described the IS activity in eastern Libya as 'very small' but added that there were 'around a couple hundred' militants present at the camps, with US forces continuing to track the area. The United States has been waging an air war against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, but when asked if the training camps in Libya were a potential target for American forces, Mr Rodriguez replied: 'No, not right now.' The four-star general said it appeared the ISIS militants in Libya were not volunteers coming from outside the country but militia members who had shifted their loyalty to the jihadist group. His comments came after the US government and European allies voiced 'grave concern' over mounting violence and civil unrest in Libya. ISIS has already seized huge swathes of land in Iraq and Syria, including the town of Raqqa, pictured. Experts have warned that ISIS has gained a foothold in the eastern town of Derna, exploiting the chaos that has engulfed the North African state. Libya has been plagued by instability since the overthrow of autocratic leader Moamer Kadhafi in 2011, and ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi recently boasted of vows of allegiance from militants in the country. Analysts say a number of factions in Derna have pledged loyalty to the group, but it remains unclear how much support they enjoy. ISIS, which aims to establish an Islamic caliphate across the region, is the prime target of the US-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria. The group has attracted a wave of global revulsion after a series of horrific executions of Western hostages filmed and released online, as well as gruesome videos depicting the beheadings of Syrian and Iraqi forces. While largely based in Iraq and Syria, the IS organization has also attracted pledges of allegiance from militant groups in Egypt, with the Ansar Beit al-Maqdis (Partisans of Jerusalem) group last month vowing support for the group. He described the IS activity in eastern Libya as 'very small and nascent.' 'Around a couple hundred' militants were present at the camps and US forces would continue to track the area to see if the IS presence expanded, said Rodriguez. The United States has been waging an air war against the IS group in Iraq and Syria, but when asked if the training camps in Libya were a potential target for American forces, Rodriguez said: 'No, not right now.' The IS group 'has begun its efforts over in the east out there to introduce some people over there,' he said. 'But we'll have to just continue to monitor and watch that carefully in the future to see what happens or whether it grows on unabated.' The four-star general said it appeared the IS militants in Libya were not volunteers coming from outside the country but militia members who had shifted their loyalty to the jihadist group. His comments came after the US government and European allies voiced 'grave concern' over mounting violence and civil unrest in Libya. Experts have warned that the IS group has gained a foothold in the eastern town of Derna, exploiting the chaos that has engulfed the North African state. Commander of the United States Africa Command General David Rodriguez, who has warned that ISIS has set up terror training campaigns for militants in eastern Libya. Libya has been plagued by instability since the overthrow of autocratic leader Moamer Kadhafi in 2011, and IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi recently boasted of vows of allegiance from militants in the country. Analysts say a number of factions in Derna have pledged loyalty to the IS group, but it remains unclear how much support they enjoy. IS, which aims to establish an Islamic 'caliphate' across the region, is the prime target of the US-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria. The group has attracted a wave of global revulsion after a series of horrific executions of Western hostages filmed and released online, as well as gruesome videos depicting the beheadings of Syrian and Iraqi forces. While largely based in Iraq and Syria, the group has also attracted pledges of allegiance from militant groups in Egypt, with the Ansar Beit al-Maqdis (Partisans of Jerusalem) group last month vowing support for the group. By Larisa Brown, Defence Reporter for The Daily Mail. More British troops will be sent to help the Iraqi security forces as part of a large-scale mission to defeat Islamic State jihadists. Military trainers will teach the Iraqi army how to counter deadly roadside bombs as the British Army steps up its role in the country, leading to claims of ‘mission creep’. They will join four large American training bases that will be established within weeks to train and advise the Iraqi army on a wider scale. Details are yet to be finalised but an announcement is expected in the coming days. Lieutenant General Gordon Messenger told the Defence Select Committee yesterday: ‘The training and support that we are providing has been requested by both the Kurds and central Iraqi Government. 'The Americans will see the establishment of four big training bases - one of which will be in Erbil. 'As part of that we see ourselves delivering niche specialist training in the area which is much needed, particular in IEDs. 'We are still scoping the exact nature of that but we hope to have some concrete proposals in the coming days.' He added: 'We are sending the reconnaissance forces out there to ensure that at the time when are training is needed we will be able to deliver it.’ In terms of numbers, they were still looking at both ‘light’ and ‘heavy’ options, he said. Islamist jihadists have started laying IEDs to take out Iraqi forces as part of a change in tactics after UK airstrikes blasted their vehicles and killed their fighters. British soldiers – who have learnt how to detect the deadly bombs after fighting against the Taliban in Afghanistan – have been asked to help by the Iraqi government due to their specialist knowledge. The deputy chief of defence staff said British forces were also looking at other training possibilities as part of the UK’s contribution to a ‘large scale venture’ in training anti- Islamic State forces. He added: 'I think importantly it is demand led… we are delivering the type of training that these forces have asked for and need.’ Hundreds of British forces will also be sent to join American troops in training thousands of Syrian moderates outside the country. Defence sources said both Saudi Arabia and Jordan could host the training grounds but details are yet to be finalised. Peter Watkins, Director General of Security Policy, denied the further deployment of UK forces to ‘advise and train’ Iraqi security forces was ‘mission creep’. He told MPs: ‘Whatever we do has to be guided by the objectives we set out at the first place. 'I think if we remain guided by the objectives we can avoid mission creep.’ Lt Gen Messenger said air strikes had helped demoralise Islamic State –but had forced the extremist fighters to change tactics. He said: ‘The effect on the morale of both those organisations has been significantly enhanced by those air strikes.’ There had been an ‘equivalent reduction’ in the morale of IS, who were now using guerrilla tactics such as improvised explosive devices (IEDs). ‘They were much more out in the open and even held military parades in certain areas’ Lt Gen Messenger said. ‘That has stopped. They are resorting to more asymmetric tactics, including the use of IEDs. They are using quite extensive countermeasures to avoid them being struck, moving at night, using the weather, avoiding grouping in big areas.’

Write highlights for this article.