One of the most militarised borders in the world, the DMZ operates under strict armistice conditions following the end of the Korean War in 1953. 
  
 Photographer Park Jongwoo gained unconditional access, becoming the very first official photojournalist to enter the land separating North and South Korea. 
  
 In 2010, on the 60th anniversary of the Korean War, the South Korean Ministry of National Defense invited Park to document the DMZ, an area normally inaccessible to civilians and of which no comprehensive photographic record existed. 
  
 Park’s photographs show the stark contrast between the military presence (seen through barbed wire, outposts, and armed troops which have led to sporadic violence), and the natural beauty of the DMZ. 
  
 Park Jongwoo said: “There is no actual ‘border,’ like a barbed wire fence, between the South and North inside DMZ. “You can run into North Korean patrols any time. Some locations are within firing range of the North Korean soldiers, there is no time for taking any picture in these spots.” 
  
 “In the early morning, you could see the North Korean soldiers tired from last night’s guard nodding off, trying to get rid of head lice, or raising crops due to insufficient food supplies. You would not imagine them to fight in a war properly,” Jongwoo said. 
  
 Today the DMZ is recognized as one of the world’s best-preserved temperate habitats and home to several endangered species of flora and fauna. 
  
 Park Jongwoo’s ‘DMZ: The Demilitarized Zone of Korea’ was published in September 2017 by Steidl. Available to buy here. ||||| A Canadian naval commander is in charge of monitoring one of the world’s most dangerous borders. 
  
 Commander Robert Watt is the chief of staff for the United Nations Command (UNC) Military Armistice Commission, a little-known military contingent which was set-up seven decades ago to supervise the ceasefire between North and South Korea. 
  
 “There’s no other military unit I’ve served in that does what we do,” Watt told Global News during a visit to the South Korean side of the Demilitarized Zone. 
  
 The DMZ is a 245-kilometre-long and 4-kilometre-wide buffer that separates North and South Korea, which are still technically at war. It’s located just an hour’s drive from the South Korean capital, Seoul, and is littered with land-mines and surrounded by artillery. 
  
 WATCH: The U.N. Command has released video of a North Korean soldier’s dash across the DMZ in an effort to defect to the South, while under fire by his fellow countrymen. WARNING: Video contains graphic images. Discretion is advised. 
  
  
  
 Last November, a North Korean soldier made a run for the South, fleeing across the DMZ under a hail of bullets. CCTV footage released by the UNC showed the defector being shot multiple times by North Korean soldiers. Incredibly, he was pulled to safety by South Korean soldiers and survived. “We’ve still got bullet holes in our buildings,” Watt said. 
  
 “We take the threat realistically. This is an enemy that has demonstrated its willingness to use violence.” 
  
 Related North Korean military shoots and wounds fellow soldier trying to defect to South 
  
 READ MORE: North Korean military shoots and wounds fellow soldier trying to defect to South 
  
 Watt said most people aren’t aware that Canadians are on the front lines of the frozen conflict. He’s one of four Canadian officers with the UNC based in South Korea. 
  
 “A lot of Canadians are aware that we played a big role in the Korean War itself,” Watt said. “But we’ve had people here ever since.” 
  
 The DMZ contains a meeting point called the Joint Security Area (JSA), where previous negotiations between the North and South have taken place inside the ironically-named ’Temporary’ blue buildings, which are now a permanent fixture. 
  
 While the Korean conflict is deadly serious, some of the exchanges at the JSA have become almost comical. North Korean soldiers often peer through the building’s windows at the South Koreans inside, observing and studying one another like alien life forms. 
  
 There is a joint phone line (nicknamed the “Bat Phone”), but Watt says the North rarely answer. Instead, when Watt’s team needs to relay a message to their northern neighbours, he’s come up with an unorthodox method of communication. 
  
 WATCH: Meet the Canadian commanding one of the world’s most dangerous borders 
  
 “We’ll come down with a megaphone,” he explained. “One of the translators will read the message to the North Koreans in both English and Korean. The North Koreans will send two soldiers down with a video camera and stand there videotaping it. It’s awkward, it’s certainly not the way we’d like to do things, but it is a roundabout way of doing communication.” And it’s been known to work. “North Korea will sometimes respond to us by putting a message in a newspaper,” Watt said. 
  
 Their communication is typically operational in nature; If there’s a fire in the DMZ, for example, South Koreans need to be able to extinguish the flames without getting shot and risk reigniting the war. 
  
 Last June, Watt made history by becoming the first officer to meet his North Korean counterpart face-to-face since 2013. 
  
 “I’m actually the only UNC officer who has stepped into a room with the North Korean army, at all,” he said. 
  
 Watt says North Korea’s participation in the Olympics has had a calming effect on the DMZ. But there’s speculation that once the Games are over, the United States may launch a so-called ‘bloody nose’ strike. 
  
 If that happens, Watt says, “We would almost right away be on the phone and outside (at the JSA), asking for talks with the North Korean military. That is the way that we’re going to keep things from escalating.” ||||| North Korea has changed its tune -- at least along the DMZ, or Korean Demilitarized Zone, a two-and-a-half-mile-wide buffer of landmines and booby traps that separates it from South Korea. 
  
 Interested in North Korea? Add North Korea as an interest to stay up to date on the latest North Korea news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest 
  
 For years, giant speakers at North Korea's propaganda village, Kijong-dong, would blast a looping playlist of martial speeches. But since the Winter Olympics began earlier this month in Pyeongchang, South Korea, the speeches, which some American officers say they can recite nearly word for word, have given way to pleasant choral and folk music, according to United Nations Command officials. 
  
 "Instead of a lot of the hard-line speeches, it has gotten softer," Lt. Cmdr. Daniel McShane, a United Nations Command duty officer who has been posted at the DMZ for five years, told ABC News during a visit to the site Wednesday. "We've been hearing a lot more music, and a lot of it has been more classical, especially at night." 
  
 The new playlist may point to a wider thaw in the 65-year-old cold war that has dominated the Korean Peninsula since the communist North invaded the South in June 1950. Relations also appeared to warm when North Korean leader Kim Jong Un dispatched his sister and the president of the country's puppet parliament to represent him at the Olympics. 
  
 North Korea also sent a cheerleading team and a marching band, and the nation's athletes marched under a unified flag with the South Koreans. 
  
 McShane said North Korea's different musical offerings near the border "could be just because there's a good number of North Korean citizens here." 
  
 "Or," McShane added, "it could just be a coincidence. Maybe they've run out of speeches." 
  
 Not much else has changed near the DMZ. Although diplomats from both the North and South recently met at the so-called Peace House, tensions remain, McShane said. Communicating with North Korea remains challenging. In 2013, representatives of North Korea stopped answering a hotline phone that had connected them to the U.S.-led United Nations command. 
  
 When messages must be sent, especially complaints about armistice violations, an American officer will descend from a command post, walk between the iconic blue huts, around the sunglasses-wearing South Korean guards, and signal for a translator who, from the very edge of South Korea, must literally yell into North Korea. 
  
 It often takes multiple attempts. Eventually, a North Korean officer will descend, carrying a video camera to record the U.S. officer's request. That video, according to officers on the South Korean side, is then relayed to central command in Pyongyang. Often, the North Korean officer will not even respond directly to the American who's making the request. 
  
 Nearby, to the north, an estimated 15,000 artillery pieces are pointed directly at Seoul, about 25 miles to the south. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?