Article:
Computerworld - The first presidential debate lit up social networks Wednesday night, even staggering Twitter throughout the one-and-a-half-hour debate. 
  
 President Barack Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney faced off in their first debate before the presidential election next month. And it wasn't just a big night for the two candidates. It also was a big night for the likes of Facebook, Twitter and Google+ . 
  
 While social networks played a role in the 2008 presidential election, they've taken an even bigger part this year. 
  
 That's not surprising since, for instance, Facebook had 100 million monthly users in 2008 and today it has 955 million. Using social networks is an effective way to send a single message out to potentially millions of eyeballs. 
  
 Twitter played a starring role during the debate, which was the most tweeted about event in U.S. political history, generating 10.3 million Tweets in 90 minutes, according to Twitter. 
  
 People are increasingly turning to social networks to share their opinions on the candidates and the issues. However, the individual campaigns also are using Facebook and Twitter, which set up a dedicated page for the debate. 
  
 So when it came time for the first debate to air, users split their focus between watching the verbal sparring and tweeting their reactions with criticism, cheers and jokes. 
  
 Twitter's Government and Politics team noted early on that tweets about the debate were coming in fast and furiously. "We're only minutes into the event and have already passed 2 million Tweets about this debate over the past 24 hours. #debates," tweeted @gov. 
  
 The heavy load on Twitter began well before the debate kicked off. Twitter noted, "In the last 24 hours there have now been twice as many Tweets about tonight's debate than there were about all of the #debates in 2008." 
  
 The heavy load took its toll on the microblogging site. 
  
 Twitter's first noticeable stumble came just after 9:30 when the site didn't come up for some users for about seven minutes. It came back but was in trouble again just before 10 p.m. ET but the site struggled with slow load times and partially loaded pages off and on through at least 11 p.m. 
  
 Despite Twitter's efforts to keep up with the onslaught of usage, the site noted that one of the most-tweeted moments of the debate came when Romney said he loves Big Bird but would cut funding to PBS. 
  
 Shortly after, Twitter reported there were 17,000 tweets per minute for "Big Bird" and 10,000 tweets per minute for "PBS." 
  
 Facebook wasn't being left out of it, either. Images of Sesame Street's Big Bird holding a sign that reads, "Will work for food" quickly began showing up on the social network. 
  
 Big Bird also showed up in the running list of debate-related topics, such as #debates, Jim Lehrer and #PresidentialDebate2012, that began appearing in Twitter's top 10 trending topics hours before the debate even began. 
  
 Both the Obama and the Romney campaigns were trying to get as much play on the social networks as possible. Both political camps set up Web sites that promoted tweets and potential social network postings, offering suggestions for what users could post and retweet. 
  
 Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0, emerging technologies, and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld. Follow Sharon on Twitter at @sgaudin or subscribe to Sharon's RSS feed . Her e-mail address is sgaudin@computerworld.com. 
  
 Read more about Social Media in Computerworld's Social Media Topic Center. ||||| Presidential debates are customarily scored and picked apart the instant the moderator says “good night” at 10:30 p.m. But the Web is speeding up time. When the first of this season’s debates started on Wednesday in Denver, the scoring began at 9:01 p.m., as soon as Jim Lehrer, the moderator, said “Good evening.” 
  
 Mr. Lehrer’s open-ended questions, Mitt Romney’s plan to end the federal subsidy for PBS and Mr. Romney’s high energy level — against President Obama’s comparatively low energy level — all received spikes of attention from viewers who were chatting online along with the debate. The instant feedback helped harden conventional wisdom that Mr. Obama had turned in a weak performance, even before he had finished speaking. 
  
 On MSNBC, liberal hosts like Ed Schultz were taken aback by Mr. Obama. Mr. Schultz threw up his arms at one point after the debate and asked, “Where was the president tonight?” 
  
 His colleague, Chris Matthews, loudly suggested that Mr. Obama watch MSNBC’s programs for debating advice. “He will learn something every night on this show and all these shows,” he said. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 After Mr. Obama was pronounced “rusty” by CNN hosts, the analyst David Gergen said, “I didn’t think he was rusty so much as I don’t think anybody’s ever spoken to him like that over the last four years. I think he found that not only surprising, but offensive in some ways.” 
  
 Photo 
  
 The recent surge in so-called second-screen behavior was vividly on display during the debate, both on social networking sites like Twitter that barely existed four years ago and on all manner of even newer apps promoted by media companies. At least half a dozen outlets, as varied as CNBC and The Huffington Post, had debate drinking games ready to go beforehand. ||||| Image credit: Mark Lennihan/AP Photo 
  
 While President Obama and Mitt Romney were trying to tout their economic plans, the social media sphere was massively distracted by a big yellow bird - Big Bird that is. 
  
 After Romney said, "I love Big Bird," but that he plans to cut funding for PBS anyhow, social media exploded with tweets about the "Sesame Street" character. 
  
 According to Twitter data, the words "Big Bird" were tweeted 17,000 times per minute and "PBS," the channel that airs "Sesame Street," peaked at 10,000 tweets per minute."Big Bird" was also the fourth highest-rising search term on Google. 
  
 Romney's comment sparked the hashtag #SaveBigBird, which was trending worldwide, and spawned at least three pro-Big Bird Twitter handles, @BigBird, @BigBirdRomney and @FiredBigBird. 
  
 The @BigBird handle, which sent out comments such as, "I guess I'm the 47%…" and, "Even Ernie is mad! :(", had nearly 14,000 followers one hour after the debate ended. 
  
 The @FiredBigBird went virtually viral, garnering 2,000 followers in two minutes. One hour after the debate, 16,000 people were following the account. 
  
 The @BigBirdRomney account, which had about 7,000 followers an hour after the debate, fired off nearly 50 tweets during the debate. 
  
 "Under Mitt #Romney, Sesame Street will become an extension of Wall Street," read one tweet. 
  
 "Under Mitt #Romney, Cookie Monster won't receive the care he needs to overcome his addiction," read another. 
  
 "Sesame Street" declined to comment on Big Bird's newfound political fame, saying that the show is careful to remain apolitical and noting that Big Bird is only six years old and, thus, does not understand politics. 
  
 The deluge of tweets were soon followed by an onslaught of .gifs, Tumblr images and blog posts. But despite the online explosion, Romney's intentions to cut funding to PBS are not new. He often mentions it as an example of how he will cut spending to shore up deficits and bring down the debt. 
  
 "I'm going to stop the subsidy to PBS," Romney said at Wednesday's debate. "I'm going to stop other things. I like PBS, I love Big Bird. Actually, [I] like you [moderator Jim Lehrer], too. But I'm not going to keep on spending money on things to borrow money from China to pay for." 
  
 Lehrer, who rarely spoke throughout the debate, was also mocked by the Twitterverse, inspiring the Twitter account @SilentJimLeher and propelling the moderator's name into the top trends nationwide. 
  
 And while Big Bird and PBS were the big winners - or losers depending on how you look at it - on Twitter, the first presidential debate of was the most tweeted political event in U.S. history. 
  
 Shortly after President Obama and Romney left the stage, Twitter spokeswoman Rachael Horwitz tweeted, "Tonight's debate was the most tweeted about event in US political history, topping the numbers from the RNC and DNC. #debates." 
  
 The debate generated more than 10.3 million tweets to move ahead of the 9.5 million tweets measured across the several days of the Democratic Convention last month and the 4 million tweets of the Republican Convention, according to Twitter Government ( @gov), who track political tweets. ||||| Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. |||||Summary: