Answer the following question: Information:  - Oslo Airport is the main international airport serving Oslo, the capital of and most populous city in Norway. Oslo is also served by the low-cost Torp airport. Oslo Airport is the main domestic hub and international airport for Norway, and is the second-busiest airport in the Nordic countries. A hub for Scandinavian Airlines, an operating base for Norwegian Air Shuttle, and a focus city for Widerøe, it connects to 28 domestic and about 115 international destinations. Almost 26 million passengers traveled through the airport in 2016, making it the nineteenth-busiest airport in Europe.  - Oslo Airport, Fornebu was the main airport serving Oslo and Eastern Norway from 1 June 1939 to 7 October 1998. It was then replaced by Oslo Airport, Gardermoen and the area has since been redeveloped. The airport was located at Fornebu in Bærum, from the city center. Fornebu had two runways, one 06/24 and one 01/19, and a capacity of 20 aircraft. In 1996, the airport had 170,823 aircraft movements and 10,072,054 passengers. The airport served as a hub for Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS), Braathens SAFE and Widerøe. In 1996, they and 21 other airlines served 28 international destinations. Due to limited terminal and runway capacity, intercontinental and charter airlines used Gardermoen. The Royal Norwegian Air Force retained offices at Fornebu.  - Norway (; Norwegian: (Bokmål) or (Nynorsk); Sami: "Norgga"), officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a sovereign and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the island Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard. The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom. Norway also lays claim to a section of Antarctica known as Queen Maud Land. Until 1814, the Kingdom included the Faroe Islands (since 1035), Greenland (1261), and Iceland (1262). It also included Shetland and Orkney until 1468. It also included the following provinces, now in Sweden: Jämtland, Härjedalen and Bohuslän.  - Oslo Børs (OSE: OSLO) offers Norways only regulated markets for securities trading today. The stock exchange offers a full product range including equities, derivatives and fixed income instruments. Oslo Børs is the only independent stock exchange within the Nordic countries.  - Oslo is the capital and the most populous city in Norway. It constitutes both a county and a municipality. Founded in the year 1040, and established as a "kaupstad" or trading place in 1048 by Harald Hardrada, the city was elevated to a bishopric in 1070 and a capital under Haakon V of Norway around 1300. Personal unions with Denmark from 1397 to 1523 and again from 1536 to 1814 and with Sweden from 1814 to 1905 reduced its influence. After being destroyed by a fire in 1624, the city was moved closer to Akershus Fortress during the reign of Christian IV of Denmark and renamed Christiania in his honour. It was established as a municipality ("formannskapsdistrikt") on 1 January 1838. Following a spelling reform, it was known as Kristiania from 1877 to 1925, at which time its original Norwegian name was restored.  - Fornebu (local form "Fornebo") is a peninsular area in the suburban municipality of Bærum in Norway, bordering western parts of Oslo.  - A / S Fred . Olsens Flyselskap ( FOF ) , trading internationally as Fred . Olsen Airtransport , was a Norwegian charter airline which operated between 1946 and 1997 , largely operating cargo aircraft . Based at Oslo Airport , Fornebu , it was created as a spin - off of Norwegian Air Lines and was part of Fred . Olsen & Co. , which owned it through its subsidiaries Ganger Rolf and Bonheur . The airline commenced operations with Douglas C - 47 aircraft , operating out of Fornebu and Copenhagen Airport . It introduced a Douglas DC - 4 , Vickers Viscounts and Curtiss C - 46 Commandos during the mid- 1950s . These were in part superseded by the Douglas DC - 6 during the 1960s and finally the Lockheed L - 188 Electra from the mid- 1970s . A major customer was Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) , for whom Fred . Olsen operated most of the night cargo flights . Fred . Olsen had a significant business in corporate jets between 1967 and 1978 , using four Dassault Falcon 20s . It held a contract with the Civil Aviation Administration to operate its calibration aircraft , from 1967 a Convair CV - 340 , from 1976 a Hawker Siddeley HS 748 and from 1996 a de Havilland Canada Dash 8 . The airline ceased operations in 1997 . It suffered four write - off accidents , including the fatal Drangedal Accident in 1952 .  - Bærum is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Sandvika. Bærum was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838. A suburb of Oslo, Bærum is located on the west coast of the city.  - The Royal Norwegian Air Force (RNoAF) is the air force of Norway. It was established as a separate arm of the Norwegian armed forces on 10 November 1944. The RNoAF's peacetime establishment is approximately 1,430 employees (officers, enlisted staff and civilians). 600 personnel also serve their draft period in the RNoAF. After mobilization the RNoAF would consist of approximately 5,500 personnel.  - Scandinavian Airlines System Aktiebolag, trading as SAS Group and SAS AB, is an airline holding company headquartered in the SAS Frösundavik Office Building in Solna Municipality, Sweden. It is the owner of the airlines Scandinavian Airlines, Blue1 and 20% of Widerøe. SAS used to own 19.9% of the now defunct Spanish airline Spanair. It also owns the aviation services companies SAS Business Opportunities, SAS Cargo Group, SAS Ground Services, and SAS Technical Services. It holds minority ownership of Air Greenland, Estonian Air, and Skyways Express. SAS Group is partially owned by the governments of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway, with a 21.4%, 14.3%, and 14.3% ownership, respectively. The remaining 50% is held by private owners, of which Foundation Asset Management at 7.6% is the only significant one. The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, the Stockholm Stock Exchange, and the Copenhagen Stock Exchange.  - Widerøe's Flyveselskap AS, trading as Widerøe, is the largest regional airline operating in the Nordic countries. Its fleet of 41 Bombardier Dash 8 aircraft serves 41 domestic and 6 international destinations.  Widerøe has a turnover of ; carries 2.93 million annual passengers; has 3,000 employees and performs 400 take-offs and landings each day. Public service obligation services to regional airports make up slightly less than half of Widerøe's operations. The remaining services are to primary airports in Northern Norway, and services from Sandefjord Airport, Torp and Bergen Airport, Flesland to other primary airports, and some international services from Oslo/Gardermoen, Sandefjord/Torp, Kristiansand/Kjevik, Stavanger/Sola, Bergen/Flesland and Trondheim/Værnes.  - A partnership is an arrangement where parties, known as partners, agree to cooperate to advance their mutual interests. The partners in a partnership may be individuals, businesses, interest-based organizations, schools, governments or combinations. Organizations may partner together to increase the likelihood of each achieving their mission and to amplify their reach. A partnership may result in issuing and holding equity or may be only governed by a contract. Partnership agreements can be formed in the following areas:   - Det Norske Luftfartselskap A/S (literally "The Norwegian Aviation Company") or DNL, trading internationally as Norwegian Air Lines, was an airline and flag carrier of Norway. Founded in 1927, it operated domestic and international routes from 1935 to 1941 and from 1946 to 1951. It became one of the three founders of Scandinavian Airlines System (SAS) and became one of its three holding companies from 1951, with a 28% stake and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. DNL was renamed SAS Norge ASA in 1996 and was merged in 2001 to create the SAS Group.  - An airline is a company that provides air transport services for traveling passengers and freight. Airlines utilize aircraft to supply these services and may form partnerships or alliances with other airlines for codeshare agreements. Generally, airline companies are recognized with an air operating certificate or license issued by a governmental aviation body.  - Eastern Norway (Bokmål: "Østlandet", Nynorsk: "Austlandet") is the geographical region of the south-eastern part of Norway. It consists of the counties Telemark, Vestfold, Østfold, Akershus, Oslo, Buskerud, Oppland and Hedmark.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'headquarters location' with 'bærum'.
Answer: