Article:
The moral considerations associated with doping are as complicated as the lexical challenges of the term itself. What “doping” is, precisely, and under what conditions it should be allowed are questions the sports world may never totally resolve. Caffeine is a drug that enhances performance, but it’s OK. Amphetamine is also a drug that enhances performance, but it is not. 
  
 It’s all a matter of where you draw the line. So if competitive cyclists want to gain an advantage by ingesting someone else’s poop, I say we all just go ahead and let them, for crying out loud. 
  
 You think I am joking, but it’s right here in this Denver Post link, the URL of which ends with “poop-doping-cycling,” and the content of which concerns a powerful microbiome. 
  
 The most important, perhaps, is Prevotella. Not typically found in American and European gut microbiomes, Prevotella is thought to play a role in enhancing muscle recovery. “In my sampling, only half of cyclists have Prevotella, but top racers always have it,” she told Bicycling. “It’s not even in 10 percent of non-athletes.” Peterson reports she hosts Prevotella in her own gut – but not naturally. In fact, she might be the first case of “poop doping,” thanks to a fecal transplant she administered herself three years ago. Her donor? Another elite athlete. 
  
 That’s Lauren Peterson, a microbiologist and pro endurance mountain biker, who self-administered her first poop transplant from another elite athlete three years ago. She said she did it both to improve her athletic performance and to treat symptoms from the Lyme disease she contracted as a child. 
  
 Fecal transplants are rare for reasons I assume are obvious, and some reasons that are not. In the U.S., they’re pretty much only done to treat extreme cases of a specific disease, Clostridium difficile, which causes chronic diarrhea. Peterson couldn’t find a doctor willing to do a poop transplant on her, so she did it herself. 
  
 Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the The Big Lead email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up. 
  
 You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again? 
  
 “I just did it at home,” she said of the February 2014 procedure. “It’s not fun, but it’s pretty basic.” 
  
 Of course, you know what happens next. It was a miracle cure, her energy went through the roof, she started winning races. 
  
 “I had more energy than I knew what to do with,” she told the same podcast last year. “Like everything just changed.” 
  
 All because of somebody else’s poop. 
  
 Whatever is to become of “poop doping,” these are the early stages of it. Peterson is pretty sure it’s going to catch on in cycling, and given everything we’ve learned about cycling culture over the last, oh … let’s just say the whole modern history of the sport, this seems like a good bet. Peterson imagined a day when you could accomplish the same thing just by taking a pill. 
  
 That would certainly be called a Prevotella pill, but we’d all know it by its street name: The Poop Pill. 
  
 And if that’s what cyclists really want to do, I say go ahead. I’m not going to talk you out of eating poop. That’s what your parents are for. ||||| RELATED: Gut Science is the Future of Hydration 
  
 “I couldn’t find a doctor who could help me,” remembers Petersen. An interest in finding her own solutions had already propelled her towards a career in science, and while she was in grad school she had her gut sequenced by the American Gut Project*. The results showed that her gut microbiome is 96% gram-negative bacteria. While American Gut is purely a research project and results cannot be used as a diagnostic or to inform treatment, Petersen worried that some of these bacteria might be pathogenic, and could get into her blood stream. “I had no microbes to help me break down food, and I had picked up bugs in the lab where I was working because my system was so weak and susceptible.” 
  
 But a few months after her transplant, Petersen was training five days a week (up from her usual two). She started enduro racing, and was soon placing and even winning in the pro field. “I wondered if I had gotten my microbiome from a couch potato, not a racer, if I would I be doing so well,” remembers Petersen. "Then it made me wonder what the best possible microbiome for a racer would be.” 
  
 RELATED: How use of Probiotics Benefits Cyclists 
  
 So, she started gathering stool samples from amateur and professional bike racers. She observed that Prevotella, a microorganism she received in her own transplant, is common amongst elite racers. “The more a person trains, the more likely they are to have Prevotella,” says Petersen. “In my sampling, only half of cyclists have Prevotella, but top racers always have it... it’s not even in 10% of non-athletes.” 
  
 She is currently extracting Prevotella to understand what it is, and how to boost its abundance naturally or through a probiotic pill for athletes or aspiring athletes. What she already knows: Prevotella synthesize branch chain amino acids critical for muscle recovery. 
  
 RELATED: How to Change Your Gut Bacteria to Lose Weight 
  
 In addition to Prevotella, Petersen has identified an archeon named Methanobrevibacter smithii, or M. smithii, which she believes is also significant. Archeon are ancient microorganisms that have managed to survive for millions of years in hostile habitats like sulfur springs and deep in the ocean. They also live in the human digestive system, where they have specialized functions. Like Prevotella, Elite cyclists often have M. smithii, but it’s less common in amateur racers. That’s significant because M. smithii also appears to be a performance-enhancing microbe. 
  
 What does it do? In science terms, it thrives on hydrogen and carbon dioxide and other bacterial waste products in the gut. In 12-year old boy terms, M. smithii eats the poop of bacteria. Yes, everybody poops, even bacteria, and it can have detrimental effects on your health. Namely: buildups of hydrogen and carbon dioxide can prevent the other bacteria in your gut from properly breaking down your food for fuel, which is bad news if you need calories for that sprint. 
  
 So in 12-year-old boy terms, M. smithii is kind of like a bacterial pooper scooper. In science terms, it helps you turn the food you’re eating into energy more efficiently. For example, it boosts the ability of your gut bacteria to break down fiber from fruit into the short-chain fatty acids that are critical fuel for athletes. 
  
 Petersen is still investigating how different foods can impact Prevotella, M. smithii, and the rest of the 120 species and 350 strains of microbes she’s identified in bike racers' guts. And she doesn’t know if those microorganisms need other ingredients to work. She also doesn’t know if Prevotella and M. smithii are differentiators for cyclists only, or also common in elite basketball players or gymnasts. So unfortunately it could be years, not months, before you’ll be able to buy performance-enhancing probiotics. (In the mean time, you can try top-rated Ultimate Flora for $29 on Amazon.) 
  
 As for actual poop doping…. fecal transplants are available, but not in the U.S. And if you do find a clinic willing to do it, Petersen warns that "you can’t choose your donor, and it’s a risky procedure. As with any transplant, your immune system could reject what you get. It’s not something you should take lightly. I did a lot of research, and I took a risk for sure.” To be clear, Petersen in no way supports 'at home' fecal transplants— she simply thinks there's room to improve our probiotic and prebiotic knowledge. 
  
 RELATED: Pro Cyclist Habits to Follow— or Ignore 
  
 With the data collected from the Athlete Microbiome Project, Petersen is diving into research not just on performance enhancing probiotics for cyclists, but whether cyclist-derived gut microorganisms could boost the health of athletes and non-athletes alike, providing greater long-term benefits than the probiotics currently available. 
  
 “What we’re learning is going to change a lot for cyclists as well as the rest of the population,” says Petersen. “If you get tested and you’re missing something, maybe in three years you’ll be able to get it through a pill instead of a fecal transplant. We’ve got data that no one has ever seen before, and we’re learning a lot. And I think I can say with confidence that bacterial doping— call it poop doping, if you must— is coming soon.” 
  
 Want to get involved? If you’re a Pro or Cat 1 cyclist and want to share what’s in your gut, contact Lauren. 
  
 *The American Gut Project does not provide information that should be used for clinical decisions. |||||Summary: