Summarize this article:

Rita Maze, left, was abducted Sept. 6 at a rest stop near Wolf Creek and was found dead in the trunk of her car early Sept. 7. Her daughter, Rochelle Maze, right, said, "My mom touched every person she made contact with." (Photo: Courtesy photo) 
  
 Trapped in the trunk of her car on a terrifying trip from Montana to Washington, a kidnapped Rita Maze was able to make contact with her husband and daughter before she died. 
  
 The Great Falls woman told her family at 10:25 p.m. Tuesday that “a large man in a black hoodie” hit her on the head and put her into a trunk of a car at a rest stop near Wolf Creek on Tuesday morning. She wasn’t even sure if she was in her car or not. 
  
 Husband, Bob Maze, and daughter, Rochelle Maze, had police on the other line as they spoke to Maze in what would be her final hours. They relayed what she told them to police, but the information came too late. 
  
 The Spokane County Sheriff’s Office discovered the 47-year-old’s body Wednesday in the trunk of her vehicle near the Spokane International Airport, 325 miles west of Wolf Creek, Lewis and Clark County Sheriff Leo Dutton said. 
  
 Bob and Rochelle called Helena police about 8:20 p.m. Tuesday, saying that Maze was missing and that they suspected foul play. Bob had spoken to his wife at 11:25 a.m., and the family believes she was abducted a short time later. 
  
 Buy Photo The northbound rest area at mile marker 222 on I-15, south of Wolf Creek is the possible site where Rita Maze was kidnapped on Tuesday, Sept. 6. Authorities searched this site, and the rest stop north of Wolf Creek for possible evidence. Based on what Maze told her family, authorities believe this rest stop was the scene of the crime. (Photo: TRIBUNE PHOTO/RION SANDERS) 
  
 By 12:30 a.m. Wednesday, police had located her body. The cause of death has not been released. 
  
 “She traveled with a gun, and she knew he had her gun, and she was terrified,” Rochelle said. “He kept her in the trunk for 12 hours.” 
  
 Rochelle said her mom was hysterical, and she was hard to understand. She didn’t even know if there was more than one kidnapper. 
  
 The conversation was only 10 minutes long. 
  
 “I told her that I loved her,” Rochelle said fighting for every word through her tears. “That’s the last thing she heard.” 
  
 The phone went dead or they lost a signal and were unable to reach each other again. 
  
 “We do know that Rita was in Helena visiting her relatives earlier that day,” Dutton said. “She fueled up and was headed back to Great Falls and stopped at a rest area, which she thought was south of Craig some place,” Dutton said. 
  
 Investigators believe the abduction occurred at a rest stop near Wolf Creek, which is south of Craig, Dutton said. Authorities searched for clues at two rest stops on Interstate 15 Wednesday, one on either side of Wolf Creek. 
  
 Based on what Maze was able to relay to police, they believe the crime occurred at the more rustic rest stop, south of Wolf Creek, Dutton said. 
  
 Wolf Creek is about 50 miles south of Great Falls on I-15. 
  
 Helena police put out an attempt to locate the vehicle nationwide, and a license plate reader spotted the vehicle in Post Falls, Idaho, east of Spokane, Dutton said. 
  
 Authorities were able to find the car by locating Maze’s cell phone. 
  
 Dutton said there is a person of interest in the case and that authorities are looking at a surveillance video from a convenience store. 
  
 Because of the interstate travel involved, the FBI is assisting in the investigation. 
  
 FBI media spokesperson Sandra Barker said the federal law enforcement agency was working in conjunction with the Lewis and Clark County Sheriff’s Office but would not confirm FBI agents were investigating a specific person of interest connected to the murder. 
  
 Investigators say the body of Rita Maze from Great Falls was found in the trunk of this car in Spokane after she was abducted at a rest stop in Wolf Creek. (Photo: KHQ Right Now photo) 
  
 Maze’s body was in her car found in a parking lot in an industrial area in the 7600 block of West Geiger Boulevard, which is west of Spokane. 
  
 “We had received some information that the car may be over here in our area,” said Deputy Mark Gregory of the Spokane County Sheriff’s Office. “So basically one of the agencies started pinging the cell phone, which helped us get an area to search and locate the vehicle.” 
  
 Spokane County Sheriff’s Office major crimes detectives and Spokane County Forensics personnel were called to the scene to continue the investigative process, Gregory said. 
  
 Maze worked for years as an aide, a crosswalk attendant and a head cook in Great Falls Public Schools. She was the “lunch lady” at Morningside from 2005 to 2009. 
  
 “My mom touched every person she made contact with,” said Rochelle. “She considered herself a lifetime member of PTA with Bill Salonen.” 
  
 “She, one, had such a positive presence,” said Bill Salonen, former principal at Morningside. 
  
 Salonen said he had an expectation that if you served food or cleaned classrooms that you’d do more than that — you would also make connections with kids. 
  
 “And really, Rita was the epitome of that,” Salonen said. “I could really trust that she was really going to take care of kids and build that trust.” 
  
 After leaving Morningside, Maze worked at Peres Food Basket, then later worked for two years at B/E Aerospace. She decided to take some time off to spend time with family. 
  
 “She loved her grandkids so much,” Rochelle said. 
  
 Her granddaughters, Addyson, 4, and Carly, 1, are her son Michael’s children. Michael, a sergeant in the Air Force, is stationed in Germany. 
  
 “Growing up, my mom was an amazing mom,” Rochelle said. 
  
 She was the mom in the pool with the kids, taking them to picnics at parks. 
  
 “She was fun loving and had an infectious smile and was goofy and a child at heart,” she said. “And she had fun all the time.” 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://gftrib.com/2cChDEL ||||| Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. ||||| Play Facebook 
  
 Twitter 
  
 Google Plus 
  
 Embed Murder Victim Calls Husband From Car Trunk 1:22 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog 
  
 A Montana woman was able to phone her husband and even talk to police from the trunk of the car in which she was being held captive, but she was dead by the time investigators found her more than 250 miles away in Washington state, authorities said Wednesday. 
  
 Rita Maze, 47, was driving home to Great Falls after having visited relatives in Helena, Mont., when she was accosted at a rest stop on Interstate 15 on Tuesday morning, Lewis and Clark County Sheriff Leo C. Dutton said at a news conference. 
  
 Rita Maze, left, and her daughter in a family photo. GoFundMe 
  
 Her body was found inside the car shortly after midnight Wednesday in a parking lot outside Spokane, Wash., International Airport, Montana and Washington authorities said. 
  
 Maze, a school cook, called her husband Tuesday night from the trunk of the car, telling him she'd been struck on the head, Dutton said. "She's saying she's kidnapped," Dutton said. 
  
 Maze stayed on the phone, talking to her husband and to a Helena police officer as the signal faded in and out on the way to Spokane, Dutton said. The Spokane County Sheriff's Office said it was able to track her movements through signals from local cell towers. 
  
 No cause of death was released, but Dutton said that Maze's death was believed to have been a homicide and that she was believed to have been killed after the car arrived in Spokane. Dutton said authorities were seeking a "person of interest," but he provided no further details. 
  
 Authorities say the body of Rita Maze was found early Wednesday in the trunk of her car in a parking lot outside Spokane, Wash., International Airport. KHQ-TV 
  
 "It's too early to tell," he said, but "we would suspect now" that it was an random attack. 
  
 Maze was a cook at Morningside Elementary School in Great Falls, NBC station KHQ of Spokane reported. Bill Salonen, the school's former principal, said she "had such a positive presence" on pupils. 
  
 "I could really trust that she was really going to take care of kids and build that trust," Salonen told The Great Falls Tribune. 
  
 A GoFundMe page was set up Wednesday to assist Maze's family. 
  
 Editor's note: An earlier version of this story incorrectly reported that Rita Maze was accosted at a rest stop on Interstate 10 in Montana. It was at a rest stop on Interstate 15, according to Lewis and Clark County authorities. |||||