Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif (Urdu/Punjabi: myN mHmd nwz shryf, born 25 December 1949) is a Pakistani businessman and politician who served as the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 2013 until he was disqualified for life from office by the Supreme Court of Pakistan in 2017. He had previously served as the Prime Minister twice in the 90s (1990-93 and 1997-99) and the Chief Minister of Punjab from 1985 to 1990. He is Pakistan's longest-serving prime minister. Born into the upper-middle class Sharif family in Lahore, he is the son of Ittefaq and Sharif Group founder, Muhammad Sharif, and the elder-brother of three-time elected Punjab Chief Minister, Shehbaz.

Sharif was born in Lahore, Punjab on 25 December 1949. The Sharif family are Punjabis of Kashmiri origin. His father, Muhammad Sharif, was an upper-middle-class businessman and industrialist whose family had emigrated from Anantnag in Kashmir for business, and eventually settled in the village of Jati Umra in Amritsar district, Punjab, at the beginning of the twentieth century. His mother's family came from Pulwama. After the movement led by Jinnah and his struggle to create Pakistan in 1947, his parents migrated from Amritsar to Lahore. His father followed the teachings of the Ahl-i Hadith. His family owns Ittefaq Group, a multimillion-dollar steel conglomerate and Sharif Group, a conglomerate company with holdings in agriculture, transport and sugar mills.  He is married to Kalsoom Nawaz Sharif, who is also descended from a Kashmiri family. His brother Shehbaz Sharif is the incumbent Chief Minister of Punjab province, while his nephew Hamza Shahbaz Sharif is a member of the National Assembly. His daughter Maryam Nawaz is currently the chairperson for the prime minister's youth initiative. Maryam is married to politician Muhammad Safdar Awan. His other daughter, Asma Nawaz, is married to Ali Dar, son of Ishaq Dar, the current finance minister of Pakistan. The personal residence of the Sharif family, Raiwind Palace, is located in Jati Umra, Raiwind, on the outskirts of Lahore. He also has a residence in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, known as the Sharif Villa, where he lived during his years in exile. His elder son, Hussain Nawaz, is a businessman based in Saudi Arabia and currently resides in the Jeddah house. His younger son, Hassan Nawaz, is also a businessman and lives in London.  He went to Saint Anthony High School. He graduated from the Government College University (GCU) with an art and business degree and then received a law degree from the Law College of Punjab University in Lahore.  Sharif underwent heart surgery in May 2016 in London. It was his second open-heart operation. His deteriorating health forced him to undergo an open heart surgery only three days before the presentation of the country's annual budget. Many opposition leaders and the legal fraternity, including former Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, raised questions about a possible constitutional crisis in Pakistan. Chaudhry called for electing a new interim Prime Minister to avoid the crisis.  Sharif started his political career during the period of nationalization policies introduced by former Prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. The Sharif family were financially devastated after the family steel business was nationalised, and Sharif jumped into national politics soon afterwards. In 1976 Sharif joined the Pakistan Muslim League, a conservative front rooted in the Punjab province. He initially focused on regaining control of his steel plants from the government. In May 1980 Ghulam Jilani Khan, the recently appointed Governor of the Punjab Province and a former Director-General of the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), initiated a search for new urban leaders; Sharif was one of the men he found and promoted, quickly making him Finance Minister of the Punjab. In 1981, Sharif joined the Punjab Advisory Board under General Zia-ul-Haq and principally rose to public and political prominence as a staunch proponent of the military government of General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq during the 1980s.  He maintained close relations with Zia-ul-Haq, who soon agreed to return the steel mill which had been lost to nationalisation by Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. Sharif maintained an alliance with General Rahimuddin Khan, who was Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee. During his political career, Sharif also had close ties with the Director-General of ISI, Lieutenant-General (retired) Hamid Gul, who played a substantial role in the formation of the Islami Jamhoori Ittehad (IJI) - a conservative political alliance that supported Sharif.  Sharif invested in Saudi Arabia and other oil-rich Arab countries in the Middle East to rebuild his steel empire. According to personal accounts and his time spent with Sharif, American historian Stephen Philips Cohen states in his book Idea of Pakistan: "Nawaz Sharif never forgave Bhutto after his steel empire was lost into the hands of Bhutto; and even after [Bhutto's] terrible end, Sharif publicly refused to forgive the soul of Bhutto or the Pakistan Peoples Party." After coming to national power in 1990, Sharif attempted to reverse Bhutto's nationalisation policies, introducing an economy based on privatisation and economic liberalisation.  Following the imposition and passing of the Resolution 660, Resolution 661, and the Resolution 665, Sharif sided with the United Nations on Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. A major international incident took place in the Middle East with Iraq invading the Kuwait which dismayed the world. Sharif's government criticised Iraq for invading the fellow Muslim country, which strained Pakistan's relationships with Iraq. The relationships continued to be strained as Pakistan seek to tighten its relations with Iran, and his foreign policy continued by Benazir Bhutto, Pervez Musharraf until the removal of Saddam Hussein in 2003.  Sharif contended with former Chief of Army Staff General Mirza Aslam Beg over the 1991 Gulf War (See Operation Desert Storm). Under the direction of General Beg, Pakistan Armed Forces actively participated in the conflict and the Army Special Service Group and the Naval Special Service Group were rushed to Saudi Arabia to provide intense security to Saudi royal family. Sharif also contended the upcoming Chief of Army Staff General Asif Nawaz over the paramilitary operation in Sindh Province (See Operation Clean-Up).  Sharif, during his first term, found it difficult working with the PPP and the Mutahidda Qaumi Movement (MQM), a potent force in Karachi. The MQM and PPP opposed Sharif widely due to his focus on beautifying Punjab and Kashmir while neglecting Sindh. The MQM, a liberal force, also opposed Sharif's conservatism. The clash between liberalism and conservatism soon erupted forces in 1992 when political tension began to arise in which both party renegading ideological war against each other. Despite MQM had formed government with Sharif, more and more problems were mounted between Sharif and the MQM in 1992. Sharif's government members passed the resolution in the Parliament, to launch the paramilitary operation to end the cold war between PML-N and MQM. During this time, the centre left Pakistan Peoples Party remained quiet and neutral while watching the impact of the cold war between liberal and conservative forces. Prime minister Sharif also contended this upcoming operation with Chief of Army Staff General Asif Navaz over the paramilitary operation in Sindh Province (See Operation Clean-Up). Launched in 1992, violence erupted in Karachi and brought an economic halt in the country that dismantled Sharif's industrialisation and investment that was being brought by Sharif. Benazir Bhutto, during the course of this episode, remained silent as she too had opposed the MQM. His operation continued by Benazir also, but due to amid pressure exerted by her brother Murtaza Bhutto, the operation came to halt. The period of 1992-1994 is considered the bloodiest years in the history of the city, with many went missing.  During his second term, Altaf Hussain decided to join with Sharif and tried to reach a compromise. Soon after the 1997 parliamentary elections, MQM joined with Sharif but this alliance fall apart following the assassination of Hakim Said. Therefore, the Prime minister kicked the MQM out of the government on immediate effect and assumed the control of Karachi. MQM was forced to continued its political activities underground. This action led Sharif to claim the exclusive mandate of entire Pakistan, and for the first time in his political career, Sharif and his party had the control of Sindh, Balochistan, Northwest Frontier, Kashmir and the Punjab Provinces.

Answer the following question by taking a quote from the article: what else can you tell me interesting?