By. Rebecca English. A dapper Prince Harry attended a glitzy summer party on Wednesday to celebrate the 10th anniversary of his charity, Sentebale -  without a date on his arm. The newly single royal, who split with his girlfriend of two years, Cressida Bonas, last week, was at the Dorchester Hotel in London to mark his charity’s achievements working with Aids orphans and disadvantaged children in the African kingdom of Lesotho. The fourth in line to the throne was greeted by his friend and the charity’s co-founder, Prince Seeiso, a member of Lesotho's ruling family. Scroll down for video. Prince Harry attends a summer party to mark the 10th anniversary of Sentebale charity at the Dorchester Hotel, London. The young royal arrived wearing a simple suit without a tie, and alone after he recently became single. The newly single royal, who split with his girlfriend of two years, Cressida Bonas, last week, was at the Dorchester Hotel in London to mark his charity's achievements working with Aids orphans. Prince Harry and Sentebale ambassador Joss Stone at the  summer party. Among the stars at tonight’s glitzy event was singer Joss Stone, who recently visited some of the charity’s projects in Africa and will entertain fellow guests. Other star turns include magician Troy and singer Beverley Knight. Harry's cousin Peter Phillips and his wife Autumn were among the guests as were Westlife singer Kian Egan and wife actress Jodi Albert. The evening will also see Harry give a short speech and hand out awards honouring key individuals and organisations that have supported his charity over the past decade. The seed of Sentebale was first planted in 2004 when the prince spent two months in the impoverished African kingdom of Lesotho during his gap year. He had been invited to visit the land-locked country located within South Africa by a member of its ruling family, Prince Seeiso, a friend of his mentor, ex-army officer Mark Dyer. The young prince leant in for a kiss as he arrived at the summer bash for the charity, which also works with  disadvantaged children in the African kingdom of Lesotho. The evening will also see Harry give a short speech and hand out awards honouring key individuals and organisations that have supported his charity over the past decade. The charismatic prince addresses the crowds at the tenth celebrations for Sentebale. The organisation's name - chosen by Harry - is a poignant tribute to his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, who was killed in a car crash in 1997, and points to Harry's drive to ensure both the princess and the children of Lesotho are never forgotten. According to latest statistics, some 23 per cent of the country's entire population - around 360,000 people - are infected with HIV. Of that, 38,000 are believed to be children. Sentebale founding patron Prince Seeiso Bereng Seeiso and Prince Harry speak on stage during the Sentebale Summer Party. The experience made a lasting impression on the young royal, who was then aged 19. Not only did Harry come face-to-face with hundreds of Aids orphans but he also visited herd boys living a harsh existence in remote mountain areas looking after cattle. Two years later he returned to set up the charity Sentebale - which means forget me not in the local Basotho dialect - with Prince Seeiso to help youngsters in need. The organisation's name - chosen by Harry - is a poignant tribute to his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, who was killed in a car crash in 1997, and points to Harry's drive to ensure both the Princess and the children of Lesotho are never forgotten. According to latest statistics, some 23 per cent of the country’s entire population – around 360,000 people - are infected with HIV. Of that, 38,000 are believed to be children. Herd Boy Co-ordinator Mokhachane Lerotholi, Malineo Motsephe and Prince Harry. The seed of Sentebale was first planted in 2004 when Harry spent two months in the impoverished African kingdom of Lesotho during his gap year. Prince Harry, Princess Mabereng and Sentebale founding patron Prince Seeiso Bereng Seeiso. Singer Joss Stone is shown a magic trick by magician Troy as they attend the Sentebale Summer Party at the Dorchester Hotel. The singer looks astounded by the trick by the bespectacled magician. As well as its nationwide programme of education and support, Sentebale has been raising funds to build the Mamohato Children's Centre to provide emotional and psychological support to children affected by HIV and Aids. Miss Stone has been close to both princes since they met several years ago at a charity event. Westlife singer Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert attend the Sentebale Summer Party. Tragically, 150,000 youngsters – one in three - have been left orphans by the epidemic. Lesotho now has the third highest prevalence of the disease in the world with the average life expectancy of people living there just 48.7 years. As well as its nationwide programme of education and support, Sentebale has been raising funds to build the Mamohato Children’s Centre to provide emotional and psychological support to children affected by HIV and Aids. The centre will act as a flagship for all of Sentebale’s work in the country. Harry, 29, recently gave up his job as a frontline Apache helicopter pilot to take a London-based desk job with the army and concentrate on his royal duties and charitable initiatives. Last week sources confirmed that he. had unexpectedly split from his girlfriend, ex-dance student Cressida. Bonas, with friends suggesting that the 25-year-old found it difficult. to live under the spotlight of being a royal girlfriend. Despite. his heartache Harry ploughed ahead with plans to attend the wedding of. his close friend, Guy Pelly, in the US. The pair were seen partying at a. nightclub in Miami in the early hours of the morning before taking a. private jet to Memphis for the weekend ceremony. Friends. have strongly suggested that Harry and Cressida’s separation is likely. to be temporary, however, and predict that the pair will rekindle their. romance. Opera singer. Camilla Kerslake, who has sung for Prince Charles and other members of. the royal family, was wearing a Francesca Moretta gown. She said: 'It's. such an honour to be here to support the prince. I am a huge fan of the. royal family.' Prince Harry shakes hands with an old friend, Mutsu Potsane, six, in the grounds of the Mants'ase children's home, while on a return visit to Lesotho in southern Africa as he launched his charity called Sentebale, which means 'Forget me not' in memory of his mother Diana, Princess of Wales. Diana, pictured in 1990, was a tireless campaigner for Aids victims. The evening opened with an enchanting performance by the Basotho Choir who sung a selection of traditional songs punctuated with warbling cries Prince Seeiso opened proceedings and talked of his 'beautiful, mountainous landlocked country' - but one that had been ravaged by poverty and disease.He spoke about Harry's first visit to Lesotho and how they had travelled to the 'furthest reaches' of the country to visit children orphaned by Aids. 'Harry and I know what it is like to lose a parent, or parents in my case, and it is a combined desire to carry on our mothers' legacy of work that formed Sentebale,' he said. He also revealed that Harry had been given a Lesotho name on the day he arrived in the country - Mohale, which means hero. In his speech Harry highlighted the ravages of the HIV/Aids epidemic which has left Lesotho with the third highest infection rate in the world and one in three of its children orphans. He admitted: 'At times the severity of severe poverty can be overwhelming. 'However it is through the dedication, passion and commitment of the Sentebale team, our community partners, local government - the children's longing to learn - and you tonight that we are battling with these issues and giving these children a chance of a happier future.' The prince highlighted the case of a young girl called Mpolokeng, whom he met in 2001 and whose mother died of Aids shortly afterwards leaving her to care for her siblings. Thanks to Sentebale's help she has been receiving a £250 annual  bursary to attend school.'That really is a small price to pay to change a little girl's life,' he said. 'What a difference we can make if we all work together.' Guests at the event dined on rump of lamb with cauliflower brûlée, minted pea with baby gem and braised lamb pie and a trio of flaming vanilla creme brûlée, mango sorbet and strawberry pavlova. Westlife singer Kian Egan said of the night: 'Let's face it, if you get an invite from Prince Harry you don't say no. But my wife and I are hugely proud to be here to support his work. It's a remarkable charity.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: