Detailed Instructions: In this task, you are given a set of context paragraph and some supporting facts to answer a question. Your task is to generate answer for given question based on set of context paragraphs and supporting facts.
Problem:Context_1 : Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer. She sings in Assamese, Bengali, Bhojpuri, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Oriya, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu, Tulu & Other Languages. Ghoshal's career began when she won the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa contest as an adult. Her Bollywood playback singing career began with Devdas, for which she received National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer along with Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer and Filmfare RD Burman Award for New Music Talent. Since then, she has received many other awards. Ghoshal was also honored from the U.S. state of Ohio , where the governor Ted Strickland declared June 26 as "Shreya Ghoshal Day". In April 2013, she was awarded with the highest honour in London by the selected members of House of Commons of the United Kingdom. In July 2015, John Cranley, the Mayor of the City of Cincinnati also honoured her by proclaiming July 24, 2015 as "Shreya Ghoshal Day of Entertainment and Inspiration" in Cincinnati.[1] She was also featured five times in Forbes list of the top 100 celebrities of India. In 2017, Ghoshal became the first Indian singer to have a wax figure (statute) of her in Madame Tussauds Museum. Context_2 : Salvatore Phillip "Sonny" Bono ( ; February 16, 1935 – January 5, 1998) was an American singer, producer, and politician who came to fame in partnership with his second wife Cher, as the popular singing duo Sonny & Cher. He was mayor of Palm Springs, California from 1988 to 1992, and congressman for California's 44th district from 1995 until his death in 1998. Context_3 : Shantanu Mukherjee (born 30 September 1972), known as Shaan, is an Indian playback singer active in Hindi, Bengali, Marathi, Urdu, Telugu and Kannada films and a television host. He hosted the shows "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa", "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa L'il Champs", "Star Voice of India" and "STAR Voice of India 2". In "Music Ka Maha Muqabla", his team, "Shaan's Strikers", finished as the runners up to Shankar Mahadevan’s team. He has also sung many Pakistani songs. Context_4 : Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer. She sings in Hindi , Tamil ,Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi , Gujarati, Bengali, Assamese, Nepali, Oriya, Bhojpuri, Punjabi and Tulu. Ghoshal's career began when she won the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa contest as an adult. Her Bollywood playback singing career began with Devdas, for which she received National Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer along with Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer and Filmfare RD Burman Award for New Music Talent. Since then, she has received many other awards. Ghoshal was also honored from the U.S. state of Ohio , where the governor Ted Strickland declared June 26 as "Shreya Ghoshal Day". In April 2013, she was awarded with the highest honour in London by the selected members of House of Commons of the United Kingdom. In July 2015, John Cranley, the Mayor of the City of Cincinnati also honoured her by proclaiming July 24, 2015 as "Shreya Ghoshal Day of Entertainment and Inspiration" in Cincinnati.[1] She was also featured five times in Forbes list of the top 100 celebrities of India. In 2017, Ghoshal became the first Indian singer to have a wax figure (statute) of her in Madame Tussauds Museum. Context_5 : Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer. She has received four National Film Awards, six Filmfare Awards including five for Best Female Playback Singer, nine Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer (two for Kannada, four for Malayalam, two for Tamil and one for Telugu), three Kerala State Film Awards and two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. She has recorded songs for film music and albums in various Indian languages and has established herself as a leading playback singer of Indian cinema. Context_6 : The Richest Girl in the World (Danish: "Verdens rigeste pige" ) is a 1958 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks. It marked the film debut of the already popular singing duo Nina & Frederik, with Nina as the title character, and Frederik as the handsome but poor calypso singer she falls in love with. Context_7 : Shreya Ghoshal (born 12 March 1984) is an Indian playback singer. She has received four National Film Awards, six Filmfare Awards including five for Best Female Playback Singer, nine Filmfare Awards South for Best Female Playback Singer (two for Tamil, four for Malayalam, two for Kannada and one for Telugu), two Tamil Nadu State Film Awards and three Kerala State Film Awards. She has recorded songs for film music and albums in various Indian languages and has established herself as a leading playback singer of Indian cinema. Context_8 : Sagarika (born Sagarika Mukherjee on 4 September 1970) is an Indian singer and actress. Before going solo, she was half of a popular Indian duo with her younger brother Shaan with whom she released albums such as "Q-Funk", "Roop Inka Mastana" and "Naujawan". Context_9 : Nina & Frederik were a Danish - Dutch popular singing duo of the late 1950s and early 1960s. Their repertoire consisted of a blend of folk music, calypsos and standards. The duo consisted of Frederik van Pallandt and his wife at the time, Nina van Pallandt. Context_10 : Suraiya Jamaal Sheikh (15 June 1929 – 31 January 2004), popularly known as Suraiya, was an Indian Muslim Hindi/Hindustani film actress and playback singer in Bollywood from the 1940s to the early 1960s, who remained unmarried throughout her life, after her love affair with actor Dev Anand was aborted by her maternal grandmother. She was the most popular singing star of the Indian sub-continent of her generation. Until 1943, as a child singer, Suraiya did playback singing for one actress, namely Mehtab, in three films, and also in some of her own films for her roles as a child artiste. After this, she only sang for her own films as an actress, and acted as a heroine from 1946 until the end of her career in 1963. From 1948 to 1951, she became the singing superstar of Bollywood, earning more for her performances than all the performing actors of the times, male or female, including Dev Anand, Raj Kapoor, Dilip Kumar, Nargis and Madhubala. She received 1.5–2 lakhs rupees for her role per film, when top male actors were getting 50 thousand to 1 lakh rs. For a song, she commanded rs. 1000, while Lata Mangeshkar was getting rs. 100–200 per song. She was the only child of her parents. She had a natural talent for singing, acting and dancing from childhood. She received basic training in music when her mother used to take her to a Hindustani music teacher or 'masterji' for training. She first sang for a children's program for All India Radio in 1937. Later on Naushad gave her on the job 'training', while recording. She went on to become one of the most successful singing film stars of Bollywood. She had received training in dancing from Mumtaz Ali, dancer-actor and father of the famous comedian Mehmood. She was also known for her North Indian Muslim feudal style acting or 'adakari' in many of her films ("Mirza Ghalib (film)", "Phool", "Afsar", "Shayar", "Jeet (1949 film)", "Anmol Ghadi" and "Dastan"). This style 'endowed modernity with an aura of tradition' and brought nostalgic feudal tinge to the scenes. Her performance 'expertly integrated gestures, music and speech'. Suraiya in her heyday was known as 'Malika-e-Husn' (queen of beauty), 'Malika-e-Tarannum' (queen of melody) and 'Malika-e-Adakaari' (queen of acting), all rolled into one. In a career spanning from 1936 till 1963, Suraiya sang 338 songs in films (which were mostly her own films) and 2 in addition were non-film songs, namely, 'tum rahe kahan ko piya' and 'hum tum karenge pyar'. She acted in 67 movies, which do not include the incomplete films such as "Jaanwar" (with Dilip Kumar), "Paagal Khaana" with Bharat Bhushan and an Indo-British film on Wajid Ali Shah (1953) being directed by British director, Herbert Marshall, with Ashok Kumar in the role of Wajid Ali Shah. fact_1 :  Before going solo, she was half of a popular Indian duo with her younger brother Shaan with whom she released albums such as "Q-Funk", "Roop Inka Mastana" and "Naujawan". fact_2 : Shantanu Mukherjee (born 30 September 1972), known as Shaan, is an Indian playback singer active in Hindi, Bengali, Marathi, Urdu, Telugu and Kannada films and a television host. Question: Which Indian television host and playback singer was once the other half of a popular singing duo with his older sister?
Solution: