Here is a news article: 'Do not follow me down the road to jihad. Go and get a good education in the West': Osama Bin Laden’s extraordinary instructions to his young children 
  
  
  
 Osama Bin Laden told his children to live peacefully in the West where they would get a good education, his brother-in-law has revealed. 
  
 Zakaria al-Sadah, whose sister is the fifth wife of the Al-Qaeda leader, said Bin Laden did not want his children and grandchildren following in the same path of terrorism like him. 
  
 'He told his own children and grandchildren, go to Europe and America and get a good education,' according to an interview with Sadah in The Sunday Times. 
  
  
  
 Terror: Osama Bin Laden wanted his children to live in west where they would get a good education 
  
 Pakistani officials are refusing to release three of Bin Laden's wives and nine of his children who are being held in a tight security compound in Islamabad. 
  
 According to Sadah, who was recently reunited with his sister, his children have been left traumatised by the raid carried out by US Navy Seals on May 2 last year which killed Bin Laden. 
  
 The children were discovered hiding in Bin Laden's compound in the Pakistan city of Abbottabad. 
  
  
  
 Sadah, a 24-year-old journalism student, says the children will not eat and have not seen the sun for nine months. 
  
  
  
 He said the worst affected was his 12-year-old daughter Safiyah, who held the head of her injured mother during the attack. 
  
  
  
 Protest: Amal, one of three wives, being held in Islamabad 
  
 Amal, a 29-year-old Yememi, and the two other wives, Khairiah and Siham, have gone on hunger strike to protest against their imprisonment, according to Sadah. 
  
  
  
 Sadah, who fears his sister could be charged with committing crimes against Pakistan, thought he would be given permission to take the children back to Yemin when he was asked to visit last November. 
  
 But Pakistani officials believe they could be hiding information and have so far refused to issue them with passports. 
  
  
  
 He said: 'These children have seen their father killed and they need a caring environment, not a prison - whatever you think of their father and what he has done.' 
  
 'They have never had a normal life. They do not know what it is like to see the sun and to run around the garden. It breaks my heart to see them.' 
  
  
  
 The wives are said to have remained loyal to their husband and were openly hostile to the U.S. officials who interviewed them after the raid. 
  
 None have been charged with any crime. 
  
 Amal, the youngest of the three widows, was shot in the leg as she lunged at Navy Seals to try to protect her husband during the raid. 
  
  
  
 A photo of sixteen-year-old Hamza Bin Laden, a son of Osama Bin Laden 
  
 She was reportedly given the chance years earlier to leave her marriage to the world's most wanted terrorist but chose instead to be 'martyred' by his side telling family and friends that she wanted to 'go down in history.' 
  
 She lived in the Abbottabad compound with the two elder wives Khairiah Sabar, a child psychologist, and Siham Sabar, a teacher of Arabic. 
  
 Each wife and her children were allotted their own floor and Bin Laden would spend time with each group. 
  
 Khairiah, who was reportedly the 'spiritual mother' of the family, had slipped back into Pakistan to rejoin her husband after she had escaped to Iran and the Saudi Arabia. 
  
 Siham fled Afghanistan and went into hiding for several years, until she was called to return to the terror leader. ||||| Blair: crush Isis or horror will intensify Tim Shipman, Political Editor TONY BLAIR has called for Britain to step up military action to "crush" Isis or be faced... 
  
 Johnny Rotten: I fear blindness Oliver Thring 
  
 Brexit’s big business list backfires Simon Duke and Tim Shipman AN ATTEMPT to enlist 250 business leaders to back the campaign for Britain to leave the European... 
  
 2,000 extra armed terror police Tom Harper, Dipesh Gadher and Richard Kerbaj MORE than 2,000 extra armed police officers are to be deployed to protect Britain’s streets... 
  
 Police capture ‘man in hat’ bomb suspect Bojan Pancevski in Brussels A MIGRANTS’ rights activist suspected of being the surviving Brussels airport bomber known as the... 
  
 Germany 2 England 3: England shoot for the stars Jonathan Northcroft YOUTH is a time of both promise and pain. For England, it brought both in Berlin - and in the... 
  
 Alli proves he's still a hit in central midfield despite missing open goal David Walsh, chief sports writer Tottenham teenager lights up a spectacular night in Berlin for Roy Hodgson’s young team 
  
 City stars exit in Guardiola clear-out Duncan Castles MANCHESTER CITY are to put half a dozen senior players up for sale on the instruction of incoming... 
  
 Semi precious Simon Wilde England reach last four of the World T20 with thrilling victory over Sri Lanka 
  
 England reach world Twenty20 semi Simon Wilde ENGLAND captain Eoin Morgan heaped praise on Ben Stokes after he conceded just four runs from the... 
  
 Saracens 36 Exeter Chiefs 18: Sarries return to summit Stephen Jones EXETER arrived at Allianz Park on top of the Aviva Premiership, metaphorically flying a red rag to... 
  
 Take the money and run Danny Fortson No matter how badly a company and its share price perform, a FTSE 100 chief executive is unlikely... 
  
 Glaxo risks investor backlash with £11m golden hello for new chief Danny Fortson 
  
 Agenda: Green must do the right thing over BHS pension deficit Simon Duke Sir Philip Green has never been one to shirk a battle. In the cut-throat world of retailing, a... 
  
 Fame and Fortune: Making my own soap let me clean up Anna Mikhailova Life as a quantity surveyor beckoned, but the creator of Brookside was already hooked by TV 
  
 Lenders pile more stress onto broken families Ruth Emery DIVORCED parents who want to use maintenance payments to obtain a mortgage are being discriminated... 
  
 Personal Account: What you should dump if America picks Trump — and what you should buy Ian Cowie Experts are split on investments to back or ditch should the tycoon win the race for White House.... 
  
 How to Invest £10,000: For good-looking returns, choose form over fashion Ali Hussain Justin Urquhart Stewart tells Ali Hussain his top three tips for your Isa 
  
 Dominic Lawson: The VIP sex inquiry falls apart, this is the law of diminishing returns Dominic Lawson Senior police officers are terrified by the inquiry into child sexual abuse under Justice Lowell... 
  
 It takes a network to defeat a network, so our best weapon against Isis is the EU Niall Ferguson The word of last week was "network". I have lost track of the number of times I have read... 
  
 Karadzic: The making of a monster Patrick Bishop He was the sociable family man who drowned Bosnia in blood. Jailed for 40 years, the Serb leader... 
  
 Surveying the sad wreckage of our motor mythology Julia Llewellyn Smith The design aficionado Stephen Bayley tells Julia Llewellyn Smith why his new book of celebrity car... 
  
 Victoria Pendleton: No more tears – I’m living a 12-year-old girl’s fantasy Rosie Kinchen A year ago the champion cyclist had never been on a horse. Last weekend she rode at Cheltenham... 
  
 Not always in command Bryan Appleyard We know Helen Mirren as a fearless, outspoken actress, but she cries at movies about children and... 
  
 Left to their own devices Dan Cairns Pet Shop Boys still love to mix smart lyrics and mindless euphoria. We are lucky to have them 
  
 A very palpable hit Sarah Crompton The RSC’s first black Hamlet adds star quality to a princely production 
  
 The name game Oliver Bennett New labels for regenerated neighbourhoods are popping up as fast as the cranes creating them. But... 
  
 The Edit Katrina Burroughs 
  
 Out of the ashes Daisy Goodwin What would you do if your house went up in smoke? It happened to Daisy Goodwin last year. Here she... 
  
 Paperback porn: this year erotica is making a comeback Rosie Kinchen Jilly Cooper is back this year with a sequel to Riders called Mount, heralding the return of the... 
  
 Spring fever Laura Craik Rising teen star Anya Taylor-Joy in the hottest high-street looks of the season 
  
 The Clarkson Review: 
  
 Zenos E10 S Jeremy Clarkson It’s a blast ... until you look for the brakes 
  
 Me and My Motor Garth Pearce Laurence Fox changes cars like other people change trousers... 
  
 Insider City Guides: introducing our new website Stephen Bleach, Travel Editor Five great cities in your travel section. Twelve great cities free online at thetimes.co.uk/insider 
  
 Insider city guides 2016: New York Alessia Horwich |||||
A summary of this is?