MILWAUKEE (AP) — Damani Terry just wanted to join a group of girls dancing in a park across the street. The 2-year-old stepped into the road — right into the path of an oncoming van. 
  
 In this Wednesday, April 15, 2015, photo, Quinetta Briton, center, the wife of Archie Brown Jr., is hugged by nephew Dramante Freeman, during a memorial for Brown and other victims in Milwaukee, Wisc.... (Associated Press) 
  
 In this Feb. 6, 2012 photo provided by the Wisconsin Department of Corrections is Ricky Chiles III. Milwaukee police said Thursday, April 16, 2015 that Chiles, suspected of fatally shooting two people... (Associated Press) 
  
 The van hit the toddler, and the driver jumped out to check on the badly injured boy, setting into motion a chain of events that included an uncle fatally shooting his own nephew and a stranger and then taking his own life. In the end, four people were dead. 
  
 It all started Sunday as Archie Brown Jr. drove his van through the northwest side of Milwaukee on an errand to Home Depot. 
  
 Brown hit Damani and leaped from the vehicle to attend to the toddler. Damani's 15-year-old brother, who had been celebrating a birthday in a nearby house, ran to his brother after witnessing the accident. 
  
 At that point, police said, the boys' uncle, Ricky Chiles, took the law into his own hands, emerging from a home into the street with a gun. He fired at the 40-year-old Brown, striking him and hitting Chiles' teenage nephew, who witnesses said was attempting to help when he was shot. 
  
 Brown died at the scene, alongside Damani. The teenager, Rasheed Chiles, died at a hospital. 
  
 "This sad example is what we get when we have folks who decide it's their responsibility to use their guns to redress their grievances," Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn said Thursday at a news conference. 
  
 Mayor Tom Barrett earlier in the week called Brown's shooting an "assassination." 
  
 "Someone got angry," Barrett said. "Someone took a gun and basically assassinated this gentleman." 
  
 On Thursday, Ricky Chiles III shot himself as police and federal marshals closed in on him at a motel in the Chicago suburb of Lyons, where he was staying with his girlfriend. 
  
 "I'm glad it's over, but I think he took a ... cheap way or a cowardly way out," Brown's father, Archie Brown Sr. of Milwaukee, told The Associated Press in a telephone interview Thursday. 
  
 "He was afraid of man's justice, but he decided to go and meet God's justice," Brown said. 
  
 Brown, a 68-year-old minister who goes by the name Prophet Brown, said he forgives Chiles for what he did, "but I'm not saying it's an easy process." 
  
 The shootings are part of a spike in violence in Milwaukee in 2015. The city has counted 43 homicide victims so far this year, compared with 14 at the same point last year. 
  
 "There just seems to be a sensibility among a segment of the community that committing acts of violence in support of one's reputation, to get revenge for a perceived slight or for a perceived business dispute over illegal drugs or to exact revenge is somehow approved," Flynn said. "And in that set of circumstances there's going to be not only tragedies, there's going to be dreadful mistakes." 
  
 Barbara Sprewer, who lives next door, said she saw Damani looking around before crossing the street, apparently intending to join the girls in the park. She saw the van and estimated it was going 25 to 30 mph. 
  
 "Nobody was watching the baby," she said. 
  
 After the child was hit, she saw the driver get out. She said she heard shots, but did not see who fired. 
  
 "I feel helpless. I feel numb," she said. "I saw them alive, and I saw them deceased. I've been reliving this since I woke up." 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press Writer Jeff Baenen contributed to this report from Minneapolis. ||||| Randall Terry talks about his 2-year-old son, Damani, on Thursday. The toddler was struck and killed by a van driven by Archie Brown Jr. on Sunday. Brown and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles, Damani’s brother, were then shot and killed by Ricky Ricardo Chiles III. Credit: Mark Hoffman 
  
 By 
  
 On Sunday morning, Randall Terry dressed his 2-year-old son, Damani, for a birthday party and dropped off the boy with his mother's family. 
  
 On Thursday morning, Terry clutched a tiny suit for Damani to wear in his casket. 
  
 "He was a loving child," Terry said of his son, who darted into the street and was struck by a van during his cousin's birthday cookout. "Very energetic. Just fun to be around." 
  
 The accident that resulted in Damani's death spiraled into greater tragedy for two Milwaukee families. 
  
 Police say the van driver, Archie Brown Jr., 40, was standing over the child's body, grieving and upset, when Damani's uncle, Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, shot him with a gun retrieved from a nearby home. 
  
 In the gunfire, 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles — Damani's brother and Ricky Chiles' nephew — was shot. He died later that evening. 
  
 And on Thursday morning, with police entering the room of a Chicago-area motel where he was hiding, Ricky Chiles, 27, killed himself. 
  
 As their grandmother searched for an extra-wide casket so Damani and Rasheed could be buried together, Terry, 30, did his best to block thoughts of Sunday's events from his mind. 
  
 "It was a terrible day. A terrible day," he said, eyes downcast. 
  
 After he dropped off Damani at the party, Terry took the toddler's half-siblings, a boy and a girl, both 12, to the movies. The 5 p.m. showing of "Furious 7" was still in previews when his phone vibrated. 
  
 Terry went into the lobby, where he learned his baby was dead and some others had been shot. He's still not sure how he stayed calm enough to drive safely to the scene. He parked as close as he could, leaving the two 12-year-olds in the car. 
  
 The block was cordoned off with yellow tape. 
  
 "I pretty much ran through," Terry said. "An officer tackled me 20 feet from my son. He said I didn't want to see him that way. I just broke down." 
  
 A police officer brought Terry a chair and sat with him for hours, in sight of his son's body, which was covered with a pink blanket. 
  
 "I sat there in the rain. I couldn't leave my baby alone," Terry said. 
  
 He stayed there, with officers comforting him, until a detective called around 9 p.m. and told him to come to Children's Hospital. There, Damani and Rasheed's mother, Rikeesha Tidwell, had just been informed that her older son did not survive surgery. 
  
 With that, she had lost three sons — the two who died Sunday joined another who died at birth about six years ago. 
  
 Terry comforted Tidwell, whose own mother had been taken to a different hospital after she passed out. 
  
 'We're all grieving' 
  
 In the days that followed, Terry said, their family became the subject of hatred and threats on social media. People they didn't know cursed their son, blaming the 2-year-old for setting off the chain of events that traumatized the community by running into the street. Online commenters called for Tidwell's arrest, saying she should be thrown in prison for not supervising her child closely enough. 
  
 The couple ignored the hateful comments and had planned to join Brown's family at a vigil Wednesday evening — the day one of Damani's sisters turned 6. But a pastor phoned Terry and told them not to come, fearing for their safety in light of the online harassment. 
  
 Terry says he still hopes the two families can come together. 
  
 "We're all grieving," he said. "All this negativity going back and forth isn't going to help anything." 
  
 As news broke of Chiles' suicide, Terry said he had no insight into the man's character or what may have caused him to react to the accident the way he did. 
  
 As Terry headed to the funeral home with the tiny suit, he did what he could to remember two boys who will never grow up. Damani, who would strip naked and run through his grandmother's kitchen in search of cookies and Kool-Aid. And Rasheed, who could fix any computer and loved the emojis on his iPhone. 
  
 "They were both loving kids," Terry said. "They had a lot of potential that was just cut down too early. Way too early." 
  
 Ashley Luthern of the Journal Sentinel staff contributed to this report. 
  
 A visitation for Damani Terry and Rasheed Chiles will take place from 9 a.m. to noon Wednesday at Greater Mt. Sinai Church of God in Christ, 5384 N. 60th St. A private service will follow. 
  
 VISITATION 
  
 A visitation for Damani Terry and Rasheed Chiles will take place from 9 a.m. to noon Wednesday at Greater Mt. Sinai Church of God in Christ, 5384 N. 60th St. A private service will follow. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?