Here is a news article: Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lami Musa says she was rescued just before she would have been married to a Boko Haram commander 
  
 Former hostages held by Boko Haram militants in northern Nigeria say some fellow captives were stoned to death as the army approached to rescue them. 
  
 The women said Boko Haram fighters started pelting them when they refused to run away as the army came nearer. 
  
 A group of nearly 300 women and children was brought out of the vast Sambisa forest to a government camp. 
  
 The military says it has rescued more than 700 people in the past week in an offensive against the Islamist group. 
  
 The women said several were killed in the stoning, but they did not know how many. 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Will Ross: "There are emotional scenes as a family reunion has taken place" 
  
 'Pregnant' 
  
 Others were killed inadvertently by the military during the rescue operation, they added. 
  
 Soldiers did not realise "in time that we were not the enemies" and some women and children were "run over by their trucks", said survivor Asama Umoru. 
  
 Image copyright AP Image caption Salamatu Bulama says she was among the among the women stoned by the militants 
  
 Image copyright Nigeria military Image caption The military says many Boko Haram bases in the Sambisa forest have been destroyed 
  
 The survivors said that when they were initially captured, the militants had killed men and older boys in front of their families before taking women and children into the forest. 
  
 Some were forced into marriage. 
  
 One woman, Lami Musa, 27, said she had avoided that fate. 
  
 "When they realised I was pregnant, they said I was impregnated by an infidel [her husband] and they killed him," she said. 
  
 'Skeletal bodies' 
  
 Ms Musa quoted the militants as telling her that "once you deliver in a week's time we will marry you to our commander". 
  
 "I delivered at night and we were rescued by the soldiers the following morning," Ms Musa added, in tears. 
  
 Image copyright AP Image caption Some of the children are severely malnourished 
  
 Image copyright Reuters Image caption Many are now eating their first proper meal for months 
  
 Other survivors said the militant Islamists never let them out of their sight - not even when they went to the toilet. 
  
 "They didn't allow us to move an inch," one of the freed women, Asabe Umaru, told Reuters news agency. "We were kept in one place. We were under bondage." 
  
 One woman described how they were fed just one meal a day. 
  
 "We were fed only ground dry maize in the afternoons. It was not good for human consumption," Cecilia Abel told Reuters. 
  
 "Every day, we witnessed the death of one of us and waited for our turn," said Umaru, a 24-year-old mother of two. 
  
 Some of the children were "just little skeletal bodies with flaps of skin that make them look like old people", Associated Press reporter Michelle Faul told the BBC after visiting the camp where survivors were staying. 
  
 A doctor, Muhammad Amin Suleiman, said many severely malnourished babies and children had been put on intravenous drips at a clinic. 
  
 The women and children travelled for three days on pick-up trucks from the vast Sambisa forest where they were rescued, to the camp in the city of Yola, where they arrived on Saturday night. 
  
 Chibok girls 
  
 Through interviews, officials have determined that almost all those rescued are from Gumsuri, a village near the town of Chibok, the Associated Press news agency reports. 
  
 Image copyright Reuters Image caption Women have also been receiving check-ups at a clinic 
  
 It does not appear that any of those released are from the group of more than 200 Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by Boko Haram a year ago in a mass abduction that led to worldwide protests calling for the girls' release. 
  
 Thousands have been killed in northern Nigeria since Boko Haram began its insurgency in 2009 to create an Islamic state. 
  
 In February, Nigeria's military, backed by troops from neighbouring countries, launched a major offensive against the Islamist fighters, recapturing most of the territory Boko Haram had taken in the previous year. 
  
 Their last remaining hideouts are believed to be in the Sambisa forest, which surrounds a reserve of the same name. ||||| YOLA, Nigeria Boko Haram fighters killed older boys and men in front of their families before taking women and children into the forest where many died of hunger and disease, freed captives said on Sunday after they were brought to a government refugee camp. 
  
 The Nigerian army rescued hundreds of women and children last week from the Islamist fighters in northern Nigeria's Sambisa Forest in a major operation that has turned international attention to the plight of hostages. 
  
 After days on the road in pickup trucks, hundreds were released on Sunday into the care of authorities at a refugee camp in the eastern town of Yola, to be fed and treated for injuries. They spoke to reporters for the first time. 
  
 "They didn't allow us to move an inch," said one of the freed women, Asabe Umaru, describing her captivity. "If you needed the toilet, they followed you. We were kept in one place. We were under bondage. 
  
 "We thank God to be alive today. We thank the Nigerian army for saving our lives," she added. 
  
 Two hundred and seventy-five women and children, some with heads or limbs in bandages, arrived in the camp late on Saturday. 
  
 Nearly 700 kidnap victims have been freed from the Islamist group's forest stronghold since Tuesday, with the latest group of 234 women and children liberated on Friday. 
  
 "When we saw the soldiers we raised our hands and shouted for help. Boko Haram who were guarding us started stoning us so we would follow them to another hideout, but we refused because we were sure the soldiers would rescue us," Umaru, a 24 year-old mother of two, told Reuters. 
  
 The prisoners suffered malnutrition and disease, she said. "Every day we witnessed the death of one of us and waited for our turn." 
  
 Another freed captive, Cecilia Abel, said her husband and first son had been killed in her presence before the militia forced her and her remaining eight children into the forest. 
  
 For two weeks before the military arrived she had barely eaten. 
  
 "We were fed only ground dry maize in the afternoons. It was not good for human consumption," she said. "Many of us that were captured died in Sambisa Forest. Even after our rescue about 10 died on our way to this place." 
  
 SPECIAL ATTENTION 
  
 The freed prisoners were fed bread and mugs of tea as soon as they arrived at the government camp. Nineteen were in hospital for special attention, Dr. Mohammed Aminu Suleiman of the Adamawa State Emergency Management Agency told Reuters. 
  
 The army said troops on patrol on Saturday had discovered 260 women and children in Adamawa state. Some had fled their homes during fighting while others had been abducted but managed to escape from the Islamists. 
  
 The military also said in a statement it had arrested a supplier of food and fuel to Boko Haram on Sunday morning. 
  
 Amnesty International estimates the insurgents, who are intent on bringing western Africa under Islamist rule, have taken more than 2,000 women and girls captive since the start of 2014. Many have been used as cooks, sex slaves or human shields. 
  
 The prisoners freed so far do not appear to include any of more than 200 schoolgirls snatched from school dormitories in Chibok town a year ago, an incident that drew global attention to the six-year-old insurgency. 
  
 Umaru said her group of prisoners never came in contact with the missing Chibok girls. 
  
 Nigerian troops alongside armies from neighboring Chad, Cameroon and Niger have won back swathes of territory from the fighters in the last couple of months. 
  
 Last year, the group exerted influence over an area bigger than Belgium. But a counter-attack launched in January has pushed them into Sambisa, a nature reserve. While the Nigerian army is confident it has the group cornered, a final push to clear them from the area has been curtailed by landmines. 
  
 President Goodluck Jonathan, who relinquishes power later in May after his election defeat to Muhammadu Buhari, has promised to hand over a Nigeria "free of terrorist strongholds". 
  
 Rampant corruption and a failure to stamp out the uprising in the north were factors that cost Jonathan the election won by Buhari, a former military ruler. 
  
 (Writing by Helen Nyambura-Mwaura; Editing by Peter Graff and David Holmes) |||||
A summary of this is?