Write a summary based on this article:

Image copyright Met Police Image caption The vault at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd was breached over the 2015 Easter weekend 
  
 A man has been held and items have been seized over the Hatton Garden heist in which £13.7m worth of valuables were stolen. 
  
 The 57-year-old was arrested after a search warrant was carried out in Islington at 07:30 BST on Tuesday. 
  
 He is in custody in a police station in north London, police said. 
  
 Six men have already been jailed for their part in the raid over Easter weekend in 2015. 
  
 It was branded the "largest burglary in English legal history". 
  
 At a confiscation ruling in January the four ringleaders of the heist were ordered to pay back £27.5m or serve another seven years in jail. 
  
 Prosecutors said John "Kenny" Collins, Daniel Jones, Terry Perkins and Brian Reader - who were all in their 60s and 70s - benefited by an estimated £13.69m from the burglary. 
  
 Only £4.3m had been recovered. 
  
 Perkins died a week after the confiscation ruling at Woolwich Crown Court. 
  
 You may also be interested in: 
  
 'Plastic attack' packaging protesters hit Tesco 
  
 'Youngest councillor' dies suddenly aged 21 
  
 Canadian buys lottery ticket on 18th birthday and wins jackpot 
  
 Although six men were sentenced in 2016 for their part in the heist, another thief, known only as Basil, was said to remain at large. 
  
 He is credited with letting the burglars into the building via a fire exit door. 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Who were the Hatton Garden masterminds? 
  
 Disguised as workmen, the men entered through a lift shaft and used a heavy duty diamond-tipped drill to cut a hole through the vault wall which was big enough for two men to squeeze through. 
  
 The gang then raided 73 safety deposit boxes, stealing valuables including gold, diamonds and sapphires. ||||| This article is over 9 months old 
  
 Detectives are hunting mysterious figure known as ‘Basil’ for the £14m burglary 
  
 Police hunting for a ringleader behind the £14m Hatton Garden heist nicknamed “Basil” have made an arrest. 
  
 Scotland Yard said a 57-year-old man was detained on Tuesday morning in London in connection with the 2015 burglary in which which elderly crooks broke into a secure vault and stolejewellery, cash, gold and platinum. 
  
  
  
 Announcing the arrest, police said a number of items were seized from the address raided in Islington, north London, when detectives executed a search warrant at 7.30am. 
  
 Flying Squad detectives have been searching for those who evaded capture after the burglary. 
  
 Their main target has been Basil, a mystery figure who has been at large for the past three years. 
  
 After members of the gang were convicted and jailed for the heist in 2016, police put out an appeal for information about Basil. There are no plans to reissue it, it is understood. Police think he played a crucial role in getting the gang into the building housing the vault that contained the safety deposit boxes. 
  
 The mystery man helped the gang but his identity has never become public. Those convicted of the burglary say they did not know his real name. 
  
  
  
 Police gave few details about the raid, but said the man was arrested “on suspicion of non-residential burglary”, and not for the lesser charge of handling stolen goods. 
  
 The heist over the Easter weekend in 2015 was the largest burglary in English criminal history and a large amount of the stolen valuables are still unaccounted for. 
  
 The men drilled through a 50cm-thick concrete wall and broke into 73 security boxes in London’s diamond district without leaving a forensic trace. 
  
 Among the ringleaders convicted after a 2016 trial were John Collins, 77, of Islington; Daniel Jones, 63, of Enfield, north London; Brian Reader, 78, of Dartford, Kent; and Terry Perkins, 69, from Enfield, who died in prison in February. 
  
  
  
 The break-in began on 2 April 2015 and CCTV showed Collins and others arriving in a white van at Hatton Garden at around 8.20pm. 
  
 Soon after, a red-haired man – the unidentified Basil, possibly wearing a wig – let them in through a fire exit on a nearby street, which had access to the building housing the vault at 88-90 Hatton Garden. 
  
 Basil opened the door of the building, having gained codes for doors and a key for a mortice lock on the front door. 
  
 Police believe Basil, whose face investigators were unable to get a clear image of from the CCTV footage, was brought in for technical expertise. He was most likely involved in several roles, including neutralising the alarm and handling the electrics. Once in, Basil opened a fire escape door to the building. ||||| The thieves ransacked 73 safe deposit boxes and stuffed the loot into plastic garbage cans before making their getaway. Officers later found the book “Forensics for Dummies” at one suspect’s home. They continued to use their cellphones after the burglary, helping detectives to trace them. 
  
 Prosecutors said that the ringleaders — Daniel Jones, 61; Terrence Perkins, 67; John Collins, 75; and Brian Reader; 77 — had received an estimated £13.7 million from the burglary, but only £4.3 million has been recovered. 
  
 Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. 
  
 In a confiscation hearing this year, prosecutors said that the gang members must pay back more than £6 million each based on their “available assets” or face an additional seven years in jail. 
  
 “A number of these defendants are not only of a certain age, but have in some cases serious health problems,” Judge Christopher Kinch said during the hearing. “But as a matter of principle and policy, it is very difficult to endorse any approach that there is particular treatment for someone who chooses to go out and commit offenses at the advanced stage of their lives that some of these defendants were.” 
  
 Mr. Perkins, who had diabetes and health problems, died in his cell in Belmarsh prison in February, a week after he was ordered to pay compensation. 
  
 It is unclear if the arrest on Tuesday cleared up the one remaining mystery in the case: the identity of another burglar, known as Basil, who was filmed by security cameras during the theft but who had not been caught. The police suspect that he opened a door to a fire escape to allow the rest of the gang to enter, and that he sought to disable the alarm protecting the safe deposit boxes. 
  
 Mr. Jones had written a letter to Sky News saying that Basil was a former police officer who was involved in private security. But prosecutors have said that Mr. Jones misled the authorities in the past. The police had offered a reward of £20,000 for information leading to Basil’s arrest. ||||| Share this article with Google Plus 
  
 The huge holes bored through a half-meter thick concrete wall drilled to access a vault in a safe deposit centre in Hatton Garden, London (Picture: Getty) 
  
 A fresh arrest has been made by detectives investigating the Hatton Garden heist. 
  
 Officers from Scotland Yard’s Flying Squad held a 57-year-old man in an early-morning raid in Islington, north London, on Tuesday. 
  
 Wave of Scottish booze cruises to England predicted after alcohol price hike 
  
 The suspect was arrested at around 7.30am on suspicion of non-residential burglary after his house was searched. 
  
 Scotland Yard said ‘a number of items’ had been seized. 
  
 The audacious heist was carried out over the Easter weekend in 2015, when a gang ransacked 73 boxes at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit after using a drill to bore a hole into the vault wall. 
  
 A male at the fire escape corridor, shown as evidence to jurors in the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company raid trial at Woolwich Crown Court. Carl Wood, William Lincoln and Hugh Doyle have been convicted at Woolwich Crown Court of involvement in the Hatton Garden raid (Picture: Met Police) 
  
 Valuables worth up to £29 million, including gold, diamonds and sapphires, were taken. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Nine people were convicted and jailed for their roles in the raid, one of the biggest in UK history. 
  
 Another thief, known only as Basil, was said to remain at large. He was instrumental in helping the gang get into the vault in the heart of London’s diamond district. |||||