Information:  - The British Academy Film Awards are presented in an annual award show hosted by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) to honour the best British and international contributions to film. As of 2008, it has taken place in Central London at the Royal Opera House, the latter having taken over from the flagship Odeon cinema on Leicester Square. The 70th British Academy Film Awards will be held on 12 February 2017 at the Royal Albert Hall in London.  - A card game is any game using playing cards as the primary device with which the game is played, be they traditional or game-specific. Countless card games exist, including families of related games (such as poker). A small number of card games played with traditional decks have formally standardized rules, but most are folk games whose rules vary by region, culture, and person.  - Matthew Paige "Matt" Damon (born October 8, 1970) is an American actor, film producer, and screenwriter. He is ranked among "Forbes" magazine's most bankable stars and is one of the highest-grossing actors of all time. Damon has received various accolades, including an Academy Award from five nominations, two Golden Globe Awards from eight nominations, and has been nominated for two British Academy Film Awards and six Emmy Awards.  - A television director directs the activities involved in making a television program and is part of a television crew.  - Forbes is an American business magazine. Published bi-weekly, it features original articles on finance, industry, investing, and marketing topics. "Forbes" also reports on related subjects such as technology, communications, science, and law. Its headquarters is located in Jersey City, New Jersey. Primary competitors in the national business magazine category include "Fortune" and "Bloomberg Businessweek". The magazine is well known for its lists and rankings, including its lists of the richest Americans (the Forbes 400) and rankings of world's top companies (the Forbes Global 2000). Another well-known list by the magazine is the The World's Billionaires list.  - Neo-noir (English: "New-black"; from the Greek "neo", new; and the French "noir", black) is a style often seen in modern motion pictures and other forms that prominently use elements of "film noir", but with updated themes, content, style, visual elements or media that were absent in "film noir" of the 1940s and 1950s.  - Everyone Says I Love You is a 1996 American musical comedy film written and directed by Woody Allen, who also stars alongside Julia Roberts, Alan Alda, Edward Norton, Drew Barrymore, Gaby Hoffmann, Tim Roth, Goldie Hawn, Natasha Lyonne and Natalie Portman.  - Edward Harrison Norton (born August 18, 1969) is an American actor, filmmaker and activist. He has been nominated for three Academy Awards for his work in the films "Primal Fear" (1996), "American History X" (1998) and "Birdman" (2014). He also starred in other roles, such as "Everyone Says I Love You" (1996), "The People vs. Larry Flynt" (1996), "Fight Club" (1999), "Red Dragon" (2002), "25th Hour" (2002), "Kingdom of Heaven" (2005), "The Illusionist" (2006), "Moonrise Kingdom" (2012), "The Grand Budapest Hotel" (2014) and "Sausage Party" (2016). He has also directed and co-written films, including his directorial debut, "Keeping the Faith" (2000). He has done uncredited work on the scripts for "The Score" (2001), "Frida" (2002), and "The Incredible Hulk" (2008).  - Gambling is the wagering of money or something of value (referred to as "the stakes") on an event with an uncertain outcome with the primary intent of winning money and/or material goods. Gambling thus requires three elements be present: consideration, chance and prize. The outcome of the wager is often immediate, such as a single roll of dice, a spin of a roulette wheel, or a horse crossing the finish line, but longer time frames are also common, allowing wagers on the outcome of a future sports contest or even an entire sports season.  - Poker is a family of gambling card games, but is often considered a skill based game. All poker variants involve betting as an intrinsic part of play, and determine the winner of each hand according to the combinations of players' cards, at least some of which remain hidden until the end of the hand. Poker games vary in the number of cards dealt, the number of shared or "community" cards, the number of cards that remain hidden, and the betting procedures.  - The Academy Awards, or "Oscars", is an annual American awards ceremony hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to recognize excellence in cinematic achievements in the United States film industry as assessed by the Academy's voting membership. The various category winners are awarded a copy of a statuette, officially called the Academy Award of Merit, which has become commonly known by its nickname "Oscar." The awards, first presented in 1929 at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, are overseen by AMPAS.  - In the film industry, a bankable star is an actor famous or charismatic enough to be "capable of guaranteeing box-office success simply by showing up in a movie". A bankable director is a similar notion.  - Fight Club is a 1999 American film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Chuck Palahniuk. The film was directed by David Fincher, and stars Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Helena Bonham Carter. Norton plays the unnamed protagonist, referred to as the narrator, who is discontented with his white-collar job. He forms a "fight club" with soap maker Tyler Durden, played by Pitt, and they are joined by men who also want to fight recreationally. The narrator becomes embroiled in a relationship with Durden and a dissolute woman, Marla Singer, played by Bonham Carter.  - Frida is a 2002 American biopic drama film directed by Julie Taymor. It depicts the professional and private life of the surrealist Mexican painter Frida Kahlo. It stars Salma Hayek in her Academy Award-nominated portrayal as Kahlo and Alfred Molina as her husband, Diego Rivera. The movie was adapted by Clancy Sigal, Diane Lake, Gregory Nava and Anna Thomas from the book "Frida: A Biography of Frida Kahlo" by Hayden Herrera.  - The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 American biographical drama film directed by Miloš Forman and starring Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, and Edward Norton. It chronicles the rise of pornographic magazine publisher and editor Larry Flynt and his subsequent clash with religious institutions and the law.  - John Dahl (born 1956) is an American film and television director and writer, best known for his work in the neo-noir genre.  - Keeping the Faith is a 2000 American romantic comedy film written by Stuart Blumberg, and starring Ben Stiller, Edward Norton (in his directorial debut), Jenna Elfman, Eli Wallach, and Anne Bancroft. This film was released by Touchstone Pictures and Spyglass Entertainment, in association with Triple Threat Talent, on April 14, 2000.  - American History X is a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Tony Kaye, written by David McKenna, and stars Edward Norton, Edward Furlong, Fairuza Balk, Stacy Keach, Elliott Gould, Avery Brooks, Ethan Suplee, and Beverly D'Angelo. The film was released in the United States on October 30, 1998 and was distributed by New Line Cinema.  - 25th Hour is a 2002 American drama film directed by Spike Lee and starring Edward Norton. Based on the novel "The 25th Hour" by David Benioff, who also wrote the screenplay, it tells the story of a man's last 24 hours of freedom as he prepares to go to prison for seven years for dealing drugs.  - Rounders is a 1998 American drama film about the underground world of high - stakes poker , directed by John Dahl , and starring Matt Damon and Edward Norton . The film follows two friends who need to quickly earn enough cash playing poker to pay off a large debt . The term `` rounder '' refers to a person travelling around from city to city seeking high - stakes cash games . Rounders opened to mixed reviews and earned only a modest box office . With the growing popularity of Texas hold ' em and other poker games , the film became a cult hit .  - History (from Greek , "historia", meaning "inquiry, knowledge acquired by investigation") is the study of the past as it is described in written documents. Events occurring before written record are considered prehistory. It is an umbrella term that relates to past events as well as the memory, discovery, collection, organization, presentation, and interpretation of information about these events. Scholars who write about history are called historians.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'main subject'.
Answer: