Question: Information:  - "Tear down this wall!" is a line from a speech made by US President Ronald Reagan in West Berlin on June 12, 1987, calling for the leader of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev, to open up the barrier which had divided West and East Berlin since 1961.  - Lovers rock is a style of reggae music noted for its romantic sound and content. While love songs had been an important part of reggae since the late 1960s, the style was given a greater focus and a name in London in the mid-1970s. Despite the name, lovers rock is not a rock subgenre or related to it.  - "There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry)" is a 1986 single by Billy Ocean. The song was written and produced by Wayne Brathwaite and Barry Eastmond; Ocean was also credited as a co-writer for the song. It appears on Ocean's 1986 album "Love Zone", which was released on Jive Records. The song went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week beginning 5 July 1986, where it remained for one week, becoming the 600th song to ascend to that position. It also topped the adult contemporary and R&B charts in the United States that same summer.  - Brooklyn is the most populous borough of New York City, with a Census-estimated 2,636,735 residents in 2015. It borders the borough of Queens at the southwestern end of Long Island. Since 1896, Brooklyn has had the same boundaries as Kings County, the most populous county in the U.S. state of New York, and the second-most densely populated county in the United States, after the county of New York (which is coextensive with the borough of Manhattan).  - Albums of recorded music were developed in the early 20th century, first as books of individual 78rpm records, then from 1948 as vinyl LP records played at  rpm. Vinyl LPs are still issued, though in the 21st century album sales have mostly focused on compact disc (CD) and MP3 formats. The audio cassette was a format used from the late 1970s through to the 1990s alongside vinyl.  - Carroll Thompson (born 1960) is a British lovers rock singer, best known for her work in the 1980s.  - "Caribbean Queen" is a song by English recording artist Billy Ocean. Co-written and co-produced by Keith Diamond, it climbed to number one on both the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the Black Singles chart in the US and number six in the UK Singles Chart in 1984. The song won Ocean the 1985 Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance, making him the first British artist to win in that category.  - Tear Down These Walls is the seventh solo studio album by British recording artist Billy Ocean . It was originally released in January 1988 by Jive and Arista as the follow - up to Ocean 's critically and commercially successful 1986 album Love Zone . The album 's title is a reference to then - President Ronald Reagan 's `` tear down this wall ! ! '' speech . It features guest backing vocalists , including The Manhattans , Will Downing , Carroll Thompson , and Mary Cassidy , and is generally regarded as the culmination of the smoother , more adult - oriented sound of Ocean 's later work . On release , the album was received favourably by the majority of music critics . Ocean 's second most commercially successful solo album , it went on to peak at # 3 on the UK Albums Chart and reached # 18 on the Billboard 200 . The album launched four charting singles in the UK . `` Get Outta My Dreams , Get into My Car '' peaked at # 3 on the UK Singles Chart ; `` Calypso Crazy '' peaked at # 35 ; `` The Colour of Love '' at # 65 ; `` Stand and Deliver '' at # 97 . The album was re-released on 16 June 2014 on Cherry Pop featuring rare bonus content . The reissue is a 2 - CD set with the original album digitally remastered from the original 1/2 `` mix tapes ; the bonus content consists of associated 7 '' , and 12 `` mixes .  - Love Zone is the sixth album recorded by R&B singer Billy Ocean. The album includes the hit singles "Love Zone" and "There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry)", as well as "When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going", which had originally been featured on the soundtrack to the 1985 film "The Jewel of the Nile". The album was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of over 2 million copies.  - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is a continental North and South American trade organization that represents the recording industry in the United States. Its members consist of record labels and distributors, which the RIAA says "create, manufacture and/or distribute approximately 85% of all legally sold recorded music in the United States." The RIAA headquarters is in Washington, D.C.  - Billy Ocean (born Leslie Sebastian Charles; 21 January 1950) is a Trinidadian-born English recording artist who had a string of R&B international pop hits in the 1970s and 1980s. He was the most popular British R&B singer-songwriter of the early to mid-1980s. After scoring his first four UK Top 20 successes, seven years passed before he accumulated a series of transatlantic successes, including three U.S. number ones. In 1985, Ocean won the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for his worldwide hit, "Caribbean Queen", and in 1987 was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male Artist.  - West Berlin was a city that existed in the period between the end of the Berlin Blockade on 12 May 1949 to German reunification on 3 October 1990 as a political enclave surrounded by East Berlin and East Germany. It was east of the Inner German border and only accessible by land from West Germany by narrow rail and highway corridors. It consisted of the American, British, and French occupation sectors established in 1945 and shared economic, political, legal, and sporting systems with West Germany, but was not "de jure" part of it. It had a special and unique legal status because its administration was formally conducted by the Western Allies. East Berlin, "de jure" occupied and administered by the Soviet Union, was the "de facto" capital of East Germany. The Berlin Wall, built in 1961, physically divided East and West Berlin until it fell in 1989.  - Brazil, officially the Federative Republic of Brazil, is the largest country in both South America and Latin America. As the world's fifth-largest country by both area and population, it is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas. Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of . It borders all other South American countries except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent's land area. Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats. This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries, and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection.  - Wilfred "Will" Downing (born November 29, 1963, Brooklyn, New York) is an American singer and songwriter. He is married to singer Audrey Wheeler, who was a member of the R&B group Unlimited Touch.  - East Berlin existed between 1949 and 1990 and consisted of the Soviet sector of Berlin established in 1945. The American, British, and French sectors became West Berlin, strongly associated with West Germany, while East Berlin was the "de facto" capital of East Germany. From 13 August 1961 until 9 November 1989, East Berlin was separated from West Berlin by the Berlin Wall.  - The Manhattans are an American popular R&B vocal group. Their work includes million-selling songs "Kiss and Say Goodbye" recorded in 1976 and 1980's "Shining Star". The Manhattans have recorded twelve top 10 R&B hits in the United States charting on the Billboard chart for the first time in 1965. Their 1983 song "Forever By Your Side" remains especially popular in Brazil thirty years after its release.  - Unlimited Touch was an American, New York-based post-disco group, who had some regional fame in the early 1980s. The group consisted of Audrey Wheeler (lead singer), Phil Hamilton, Tony Cintron, Sandy Anderson, Stephanie James and Lenny Underwood. Raymond Reid and William Anderson from New York-based band Crown Heights Affair instigated Unlimited Touch in the early 1980s, but they were not part of the band. The group was signed to Prelude Records (via Epic Records in the UK). Charles Richards was the executive producer of the group, and on the album, it was noted that "without him none of it would have been possible".    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'record label' with 'jive records'.
Answer: