Summarize this article:

John Krasinski’s surprise hit “A Quiet Place” has returned to its No. 1 slot in its third weekend at the domestic box office with $20 million from 3,808 theaters, up 219 sites from last weekend. 
  
 In second is last weekend’s box office topper, Dwayne Johnson’s “Rampage,” with about $18 million from 4,115 theaters. The action film opened to $35 million last weekend, narrowly beating out “A Quiet Place’s” second frame. 
  
 “A Quiet Place” stars Krasinski and wife Emily Blunt as a couple trying to keep their family safe in a world populated by aliens that hunt based on sound. The Paramount film has grossed a respectable $116 million through Friday, including $56 million from foreign markets. 
  
 In its first seven days, Warner Bros.’ “Rampage” has earned $187 million globally to a $120 million production budget, with $141 million from overseas. Directed by Brad Peyton and also starring Naomie Harris, the film follows Johnson’s scientist David Okoye, who must join forces with his beloved albino gorilla that has accidentally become massive in order to stop two other giant monsters. 
  
 The opening weekend of Amy Schumer’s “I Feel Pretty” will likely take third with about $18 million from 3,440 locations, moderately above initial estimates in the $15 million range. The comedy from STXfilms earned about $6 million in Friday previews, with $1 million from Thursday screenings. 2015’s “Trainwreck” debuted with $30 million and elevated Schumer to star status, and 2017’s “Snatched” bowed to $19.5 million with $650,000 in previews. 
  
 Related 'Super Troopers 2': The Origins of 'Meow' 'A Quiet Place' Sequel in the Works at Paramount 
  
 “I Feel Pretty” has received a B+ CinemaScore and sits at 35% on Rotten Tomatoes, though women under 18 gave it an A+ CinemaScore and women under 25 rated it an A. The film marks writing partners Marc Silverstein and Abby Kohn’s directorial debut, and also stars Michelle Williams and Emily Ratajkowski. Schumer stars as a woman with low self-confidence who begins to see herself as beautiful after hitting her head in a spin class. 
  
 “Super Troopers 2,” the fan-funded sequel to the cult 2001 film, will earn around $15 million from 2,038 sites its opening weekend to take fourth place. The R-rated comedy from Fox is debuting more than double early estimates, which predicted a weekend tally of around $6 million, and brought in $7.9 million Friday. 
  
 Jay Chandrasekhar returns to direct, with the Broken Lizard comedy team — Chandrasekhar, Kevin Heffernan, Steve Lemme, Paul Soter and Erik Stolhanske — writing and starring in the film. The quintet plays profane Vermont state troopers with a penchant for pranks and feuding with other local law enforcement officers. “Super Troopers 2” has earned a 33% Rotten Tomatoes rating, with a significantly higher Audience Score of 64%. 
  
 “Ready Player One” and Blumhouse’s “Truth or Dare” will duke it out for fifth, each set to bring in around $7 million in their fourth and second weekends, respectively. “Ready Player One” has grossed around $480 million in its first 23 days and became Warner Bros. biggest-ever Chinese opening with $61 million. 
  
 “Truth or Dare” stars Lucy Hale and Tyler Posey as part of a group of teens who are targeted by a killer after beginning a game of truth or dare. Directed by Jeff Wadlow, Jason Blum’s latest has earned $27 million in just over a week. 
  
 Opening this weekend is Lionsgate’s Codeblack Films’ “Traffik,” which will likely earn around $4 million from 1,046 locations, in line with expectations. Written and directed by Deon Taylor, the thriller stars Paula Patton and Omar Epps, and follows a group of friends who are terrorized by a biker gang in a remote countryside home. 
  
 The weekend’s releases mark a relative calm before the storm, with Disney-Marvel’s “Avengers: Infinity War” set to give moviegoing a jump start when it opens next weekend with between $190 million and $235 million-plus. ||||| The horror pic 'A Quiet Place' reclaimed the No. 1 spot in its third weekend of release, while 'Rampage' became the weekend's top worldwide grosser. 
  
 STX Entertainment's I Feel Pretty, Amy Schumer's latest comedic star turn, charmed enough moviegoers to collect an estimated $16.2 million from 3,440 locations at the North America box office over the weekend. 
  
 But that wasn't enough to knock John Krasinski's horror movie A Quiet Place out of the top spot, which the Paramount release reclaimed during its third weekend of release, taking in an additional $22 million to bring its domestic total to $132 million, or to bump Warner Bros.' Dwayne Johnson starrer Rampage from the No. 2 slot as the sci-fi/monster pic took in $21 million in its second weekend of release, bringing its domestic tally to $66.6 million. 
  
 As for the other new releases, the Fox Searchlight comedy Super Troopers 2 debuted in fourth position with $14.7 million from 2,038 theaters, and the Lionsgate thriller Traffik opened in ninth place, claiming $3.9 million from 1,046 screens. 
  
 On the global scene, Rampage dominated. Domestically, the film, attracting a multicultural audience, especially in the West and South, dropped just 41 percent in its second weekend. Internationally, it took in another $57 million from 61 territories; its offshore take stands at $216.4 million and it has amassed $283.3 million worldwide. Rampage has performed like gangbusters in China, where it has collected $106.6 million. 
  
 Warner Bros.' Ready Player One, which ranked sixth for the weekend domestically as it pulled in $7.5 million to bring its domestic purse to $126.2 million, crossed the $500 million mark globally on Saturday, becoming only the second Hollywood film of the year to do so behind Black Panther. It is also the first film Steven Spielberg has directed to earn north of $500 million since Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ($786.6 million) in 2008. For the full weekend, Ready Player One picked up $23 million from 68 territories, bringing its worldwide gross to $521.6 million. 
  
 And, on the international side, A Quiet Place notched another $15 million from 58 territories as its worldwide gross rose to $207.2 million. 
  
 Meanwhile, I Feel Pretty's third-place opening fell short of Schumer's last two features, 2015's Trainwreck, which debuted to $30.1 million, and 2017's Snatched, which bowed to $19.5 million, but it did edge ahead of prerelease expectations, which had pegged the pic's opening in the $13 million to $15 million range. 
  
 The PG-13-rated comedy was financed by Voltage for $32 million, with STX acquiring U.S. and U.K. rights for $15 million. In the movie, directed by Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein, Schumer plays a woman who believes she looks like a supermodel after bumping her head in a spinning class. The film's current score on Rotten Tomatoes is an unenthusiastic 34 percent, but moviegoers enjoyed it more than critics, awarding it a B+ CinemaScore from audiences, with women under 25 responding the most enthusiastically. The pic added in another $2.4 million from five foreign territories to bring its total to $18.6 million. 
  
 I Feel Pretty co-stars Michelle Williams, Rory Scovel, Emily Ratajkowski, Aidy Bryant, Busy Philipps, Tom Hopper, Naomi Campbell and Lauren Hutton. 
  
 Fox Searchlight's R-rated Super Troopers 2 — a follow-up to the 2002 cult hit — is doing more than double the business prerelease tracking suggested it would. The sequel was written by and stars the Broken Lizard comedy troupe: Jay Chandrasekhar, Brian Cox, Kevin Heffernan, Steve Leme, Paul Soter and Erik Stolhanske. The first film launched to $6.2 million domestically. 
  
 This time out, the oddball troopers attempt to resolve an international border dispute between the U.S. and Canada. The movie's Rotten Tomatoes score is presently 35 percent, the same score as the first film's, and it earned a B+ CinemaScore from audiences. Super Troopers 2 was financed by a crowdfunding campaign that raised a hearty $4.4 million. 
  
 The R-rated Traffik, from Lionsgate's Codeblack label, was directed by Deon Taylor and revolves around a couple (Paula Patton and Omar Epps) who are terrorized by a biker gang at a remote country getaway. 
  
 In its second weekend, Universal and Blumhouse's Truth or Dare checked in in fifth place with $7.9 million for a 10-day domestic total of $30.4 million. 
  
 Fox Searchlight's animated Isle of Dogs, from director Wes Anderson, expanded to its widest point, playing in 1,947 locations, securing the 10th spot on the chart, with a three-day gross of $3.4 million and a $24.3 million cume to date. 
  
 April 22, 11:50 a.m. Updated with international grosses. |||||