Write a summary based on this article:

Mexican authorities said late Friday that they had captured a woman wanted in connection with the killing of a pediatric dentist in her Uptown parking garage. 
  
 The Mexican attorney general’s office said Brenda Delgado, 33, was captured at a house in Torreón, in Coahuila state. She will be held at the Santa Martha Acatitla prison in Mexico City while she awaits extradition proceedings. 
  
 The FBI confirmed in a statement that Delgado was taken into custody without incident. 
  
 Delgado — who was added to the FBI’s Ten Most Wanted fugitives list earlier in the week — faces charges of capital murder and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution in connection with the death of Kendra Hatcher. 
  
 Hatcher, 35, was fatally shot in the parking garage of an Uptown apartment complex Sept. 2. 
  
 Police have arrested the suspected gunman and getaway driver. Delgado, who officials say was jealous of Hatcher, is accused of arranging the hit. 
  
 Hatcher’s brother, Neil Hatcher, told KTVT-TV (Channel 11) that he was “tickled pink” when he heard about the arrest. 
  
 U.S. and Texas officials had said Wednesday that Delgado, a Mexican citizen, would not face the death penalty if she were detained in Mexico because that nation is opposed to capital punishment. 
  
 However, Delgado will face life in prison if convicted, Dallas County District Attorney Susan Hawk said during a news conference at Dallas FBI headquarters. 
  
 “Justice will be served,” she said. 
  
 Delgado’s capital murder indictment says that she “and a drug cartel” gave Kristopher Ledell Love drugs and money in exchange for killing Hatcher. 
  
 Investigators have said that Delgado, who was training to be a dental hygienist, was jealous of Hatcher. Hatcher was dating Delgado’s ex-boyfriend and had recently traveled to San Francisco to meet his parents. 
  
 Police say Love and getaway driver Crystal Cortes followed Hatcher into the parking garage of the Gables Park apartments near Victory Park, where Love ambushed and fatally shot Hatcher. 
  
 Delgado, who lived in Pleasant Grove, talked to police once before leaving the country and said she had lent Cortes a Jeep Cherokee that belonged to a friend. 
  
 Police have said that they initially didn’t think they had enough evidence to arrest Delgado but also didn’t see a reason to place her under 24-hour surveillance — the cost of which would have been prohibitive. 
  
 “Even if we had put surveillance on her and she decided to go to Mexico, we wouldn’t have had probable cause to stop her,” Maj. Max Geron of the crimes against persons division said in October. “We got the [arrest] warrant as soon as we had probable cause.” 
  
 Cortes, 24, has said that she didn’t know Hatcher would be killed. She told police that Delgado agreed to pay her $500 to drive Love to rob Hatcher. 
  
 She told detectives that Delgado used an iPhone to track Hatcher’s cellphone location before the slaying. 
  
 Cortes faces a capital murder charge and is being held at the Dallas County Jail in lieu of $500,000 bail. 
  
 Love, 32, was arrested Oct. 2 after police said they found the murder weapon, a .40-caliber Smith & Wesson pistol, under the front seat of his car. 
  
 Love faces a capital murder charge and a federal weapons charge and is being held in lieu of $2.5 million bail. He has previously been convicted of aggravated assault, aggravated robbery and burglary of a residence in Tennessee. 
  
 Delgado was the ninth woman to be placed on the FBI’s Ten Most Wanted Fugitives List since its creation in 1950. A reward of $100,000 was being offered for information that led to her arrest. 
  
 “Delgado’s addition to the list underscores the violent and calculated nature of the crime she’s accused of committing,” said Thomas M. Class Sr., FBI special agent in charge. 
  
 Staff writer Kevin Krause contributed to this report. ||||| Story highlights Brenda Delgado allegedly hired two men to kill her ex-boyfriend's new lover 
  
 Delgado was the ninth woman placed on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted Fugitives List 
  
 (CNN) After months on the run, a woman who allegedly plotted the death of a romantic rival in Texas has been captured in Mexico. 
  
 Brenda Delgado orchestrated the murder-for-hire of a Dallas dentist who was dating her former boyfriend, authorities said. 
  
 After her accomplices killed the other woman on September 2, Delgado fled to Mexico, according to authorities. 
  
 Mexican authorities arrested her Friday, two days after the FBI added her to its list of 10 Most Wanted Fugitives. She was taken into custody without incident in the city of Torreón. 
  
 Ninth woman 
  
 Read More ||||| Follow CBSDFW.COM: Facebook | Twitter 
  
 MEXICO CITY (CBSDFW.COM) – The alleged mastermind behind Uptown dentist Kendra Hatcher’s murder — Brenda Delgado — was captured in Mexico. 
  
 Mexican authorities searched areas where Delgado has friends and family in the states of San Luis Potosí, Nuevo León and Mexico City. The Attorney General’s Office said Friday she was detained in a house in the city of Torreón, in northern Coahuila state. Delgado was then taken to the Santa Marta Acatitla prison in Mexico City pending extradition proceedings. Part of that extradition agreement between the United States and Mexico will take the death penalty off the table for Delgado. Dallas County District Attorney Susan Hawk has said Delgado will however, face life in prison. 
  
 Kendra Hatcher’s brother, Neil Hatcher said he was notified of Delgado’s arrest and was “tickled pink” by the news. 
  
 Hatcher’s sister, Ashley Lipscomb, released the following statement to CBS 11’s Ken Molestina on Saturday evening: 
  
 “Thank you to Mexico for helping a girl who simply loved your country and community. We extend our sincerest gratitude to those who assisted in the arrest. 
  
 She majored in Spanish and served in Spain, Ecuador, Texas, and the Cuban community in Florida. 
  
 Relaxing and rejuvenating in your country was her favorite pastime because she truly felt at home there. 
  
 Kendra was a dual-citizen at heart and chose to use her God-given abilities and resources to do nothing but love and inspire people across the globe, with emphasis on the Spanish communities.” 
  
 Thank you again for helping when she needed you. What an amazing way to honor her legacy of service and love. We are grateful.” 
  
 The FBI added Brenda Delgado to its “Ten Most Wanted Fugitives” this week on April 6, 2016. The 33-year-old is the person investigators believe orchestrated the 2015 murder-for-hire of Hatcher. 
  
 “The FBI is extremely appreciative of our law enforcement partners in Mexico, as well as our local, state, and federal partners, for their tremendous cooperation and collaboration in the capture of Top Ten Fugitive Brenda Delgado,” said Thomas M. Class, Sr., Special Agent in Charge of the FBI’s Dallas Field Office. 
  
 Hatcher was shot and killed after getting out of her vehicle in the parking garage at the Gables Park 17 high-rise apartment building. FBI officials say it was Dallas Police Department investigators who soon suspected Delgado of hiring two co-conspirators to carry out her plan. The man accused of actually gunning down Hatcher, Kristopher Love, is in custody and faces federal charges. The woman accused of driving Love to the parking garage to murder Hatcher, Crystal Cortes, is also in custody. 
  
 Thomas M. Class, Sr., Special Agent in Charge of the FBI’s Dallas Field Office said, “Brenda Delgado was able to effectively manipulate everyone she involved in her calculated scheme. Although she didn’t pull the trigger herself, she is still responsible for the murder.” 
  
 Officials say Delgado plotted the murder because she was jealous Hatcher, 35, was dating her ex-boyfriend and had recently been introduced to his parents. The now Most Wanted fugitive initially spoke with investigators about the murder, but officials say she fled the country when it became clear she was a person of interest in the murder case. 
  
 A grand jury indicted Delgado for Capital Murder back in October. A federal arrest warrant for Unlawful Flight to Avoid Prosecution was issued soon after. The indictment said Delgado promised to give Kristopher Love drugs and money, from herself and a drug cartel, to kill the dentist. 
  
 Delgado lived in North Texas but is a Mexican citizen. She was born Brenda Berenice Delgado Reynaga, on June 18, 1982. She is the 506th person and the ninth woman to be placed on the FBI’s “Ten Most Wanted Fugitives” list. 
  
 (©2016 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.) |||||