[Lindsay Lohan appeared healthy, upbeat, and pulled together (if somewhat surgically adjusted) and—putting to rest speculation that she might crash and burn spectacularly on live television—comported herself just fine in what proved to be an uneven episode. She poked fun at her train-wreck reputation in the monologue (in which she was subjected to assorted drug tests by the SNL cast) and played herself as a prisoner in the show's recurring "Scared Straight" sketch. Jimmy Fallon and Jon Hamm made cameos. Musical guest Jack White performed "Love Interruption" (backed by Ruby Amanfu and an all-female band) and "Sixteen Saltines" (with an all-male band).] 
  
 Some highlights... 
  
 Bill Hader as a Norman Bates-esque Shepard Smith ("I'm a shy little possum...") interviews a creepy Mitt Romney and family, including sons Tagg, Tiggy, and Tic Tac, and diehard supporter Kidd Rock (Andy Samberg), who performs his new song ("He's Mitt Romney...get the eff out of his way...") 
  
 From the creators of the Real Housewives of Atlanta and the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, it's the Real Housewives of Disney—featuring Snow White (Vanessa Bayer), Rapunzel (Lindsay Lohan), Jasmine (Nasim Pedrad), Belle (Abby Elliott), Prince Charming (Taran Killam), and "huge @#$@#$ing mess" Cinderella (Kristin Wiig). 
  
 Loonier-than-ever James Carville (Bill Hader) drops by Weekend Update to discuss Rush Limbaugh's inappropriate comments about Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke and to describe his efforts in the '90s to pick off Newt Gingrich with the help of alligators. 
  
 Live from Las Vegas, it's the 2012 Psychic Awards, hosted by cruise ship psychic Dan Bernando (Andy Samberg) and "Lovely Lucy" (Lindsay Lohan), featuring a look ahead to "the psychics and magicians we're going to lose in the coming year..." 
  
 House sitter Megan (Lindsay Lohan) helps out Kristin Wiig, a woman terrorized by her own butt-dials. 
  
 Also: Snooki (Bobby Moynihan) drops by Weekend Update to discuss her rumored pregnancy (and is interrupted by Jon Hamm, who reveals himself to be the father); Taran Killam and Bobby Moynihan host "the least listened-to hip hop show in Shakopee, Minnesota" with help from intern "Illiterate Lisa" (Lindsay Lohan); Jason Sudeikis as "weird guy by a fire." 
  
 NEXT, on March 10: Jonah Hill, with musical guest The Shins. ||||| “Scared Straight” is a great recurring sketch, and it only made sense that the show would reprise it and give Lindsay Lohan the chance to co-star as Kenan Thompson’s partner in the fictional program commissioned by Jason Sudeikis. What was unexpected, however, was that she played herself herself. Her life, after all, has given her the kind of experience and insight that make “Scared Straight” so effective — she can really speak to the effects of a life of crime. There are real, horrible consequences. Like “rehab in Malibu!” 
  
 “Scared Straight” is one of the most formulaic sketches on the show, which usually makes it pretty successful: the Scared Straight team is introduced in the same way and from there it’s just an opportunity to make as many prison rape jokes as possible. Lohan started out quite funny, but was obviously reading from the teleprompter halfway through the sketch, and stumbled over a few of her lines. It would have been great to see a more polished performance from her, but it didn’t matter, because after she left the scene Jason Sudeikis sat down emphatically on his desk, knocking off the contents (as well as his glasses) and he, Andy Samberg, Bill Hader and Bobby Moynihan collapsed into giggles. You can see the clip here via NBC: 
  
 Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com ||||| Lindsay Lohan’s NBC-enabled mini-comeback climaxed tonight with her hosting gig on Saturday Night Live. Lohan herself was mostly pushed to the background for the show, usually appearing in unchallenging supporting roles in sketches. The show winked at Lohan’s history of legal troubles in the monologue — Lohan got a pat-down from Kristen Wiig — and in a new “Scared Straight” sketch, in which Lohan played herself. (In that sketch, Lohan’s dependency on cue cards became excruciatingly clear during a long soliloquy.) A visiting Jon Hamm was officially named the night’s back-up host, and the Mad Men star arguably got a bigger laugh for his brief appearance as Snooki’s baby daddy than Lohan got all night. 
  
 It certainly wasn’t the blazing comeback performance us Lohan apologists have been hoping for. But how bad was it? Did you give Lohan grade inflation just for showing up? Did you like how Jimmy Fallon accepted Lohan’s out-of-nowhere and completely unplanned invitation? How does her episode stack up to this season’s other hosts? Take the poll below, and check back here Sunday morning for my complete recap. 
  
  
  
 Take Our Poll 
  
 Follow Darren on Twitter: @EWDarrenFranich ||||| I don’t think anyone expected that Lindsay Lohan would be hosting <em>Saturday Night Live</em> in 2012, or that she would do so without a movie, album, or any project at all to promote! Her opening monologue was a perfect opportunity to answer some questions the audience would have for her, and she wasted no time poking fun at herself for her various arrests and her stalled career. 
  
 She also had help from a few cast members, including Kenan Thomson, Kristen Wiig, Jimmy Fallon and a celeb cameo from Jon Hamm. The first three were there to demonstrate their utmost faith in her hosting abilities; the fourth was there as a back-up host juuuuuust in case. Not that she’d need it. But just as a precaution. You understand. It remains to be seen how the episode will go, but Lindsay seemed game for anything so far (and looked really lovely!) You can seen her opening monologue here, via NBC: 
  
 Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com |||||  
  
 Lindsay Lohan, promoting her “SNL” appearance with Kenan Thompson. (NBC/DANA EDELSON/NBC) 
  
 Lindsay Lohan attempted to make a triumphant return to non-court-hearing-related pop cultural relevancy by hosting “Saturday Night Live” this week. Did it work? Well, not entirely. 
  
 Lohan started strong with an opening monologue that openly acknowledged her recent circumstances, complete with an alarm that sounded when she stepped offstage, a patdown from Kristen Wiig and a promise from Jon Hamm to step in as host the minute she crashed and burned. 
  
 The first taped sketch, “Real Housewives of Disney” — which featured Belle, Cinderella, Snow White, Rapunzel and Jasmine acting like Camille Grammer and NeNe Leakes — also worked well, and was a nice dig at Lohan’s roots as Disney golden girl. 
  
 Then things went a tad south. The prison sketch that added Lohan to the usual Kenan Thompson “Scared Straight” proceedings presented an opportunity for her to fire off a self-reverential monologue — one that mentioned her role in “Herbie: Fully Loaded” and the accusations she faced regarding stolen jewelry. But Lohan, who kept glancing at her cue cards, delivered her lines with a lack of conviction. That ball got definitively dropped. 
  
 In other sketches — most notably, the a.m. DJ riff and a housesitting bit she did with a decidedly paranoid, butt-dialing Kristen Wiig — were a little better. But Lohan had notably less dialogue to deliver in those sketches and was largely carried by her co-stars. 
  
 In essence, this was hardly a disaster on par with, say, Lana Del Rey. But Lohan also didn’t fully reclaim her status as a young comic performer worthy of casting in major Hollywood projects. 
  
 But what did you think? Share your opinion of Lohan’s “SNL” performance by posting a comment and/or voting in the poll below. ||||| After making the media rounds on NBC (TODAY show, Late Night With Jimmy Fallon), we’re finally just hours away from Lindsay Lohan ‘s Saturday Night Live hosting gig. Her episode will feature musical guest, and will be Lindsay’s first appearance on the show since 2006. 
  
 But what we’re all wondering is if this will spark a comeback for the embattled actress. According to latest reports from TMZ, LiLo will be singing for her opening monologue. 
  
 With that in mind, Celebuzz is taking a look back at Lindsay’s greatest SNL moments (after all, she must’ve been doing something right if she’s been asked to return!). From Harry Potter spoofs to jokes about Mischa Barton‘s arms, we’re taking a look back at all the hilarity that the Mean Girls star encountered during her last SNL stint. 
  
  
  
 Check out Lindsay’s Hermione impression above, then the rest of her funny SNL skits below! 
  
 Neutrogena Coin Slot: 
  
 Tina Fey & Amy Poehler act as Lindsay’s mentors: 
  
 Debbie Downer: |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?