Information:  - Melissa Arnette "Missy" Elliott (born July 1, 1971), often known professionally as Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott, is an American rapper, dancer, and record producer. Elliott embarked on her music career with all-female R&B group Sista in the early 1990s and later became a member of the Swing Mob collective along with childhood friend and longtime collaborator Timbaland, with whom she worked on projects for Aaliyah, 702, Total, and SWV. Following several collaborations and guest appearances, she launched her solo career in 1997 with her debut album "Supa Dupa Fly", which spawned the hit singles "The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly)" and "Sock It 2 Me". The album debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200, the highest-charting debut for a female rapper at the time.  - Whitney Elizabeth Houston (August 9, 1963  February 11, 2012) was an American singer, actress, producer, and model. In 2009, "Guinness World Records" cited her as the most awarded female act of all time. Houston is one of pop music's best-selling music artists of all-time, with an estimated 170200 million records sold worldwide. She released seven studio albums and two soundtrack albums, all of which have diamond, multi-platinum, platinum or gold certification. Houston's crossover appeal on the popular music charts, as well as her prominence on MTV, starting with her video for "How Will I Know", influenced several African American women artists who follow in her footsteps.  - `` My Love Is Your Love '' is a 1999 song by American R&B singer Whitney Houston . Released as the fourth single from Houston 's album of the same name , it peaked at # 4 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 , # 2 on the U.S. R&B chart , and # 2 in the U.K. It was later certified platinum by the RIAA . Along with the original mid-tempo reggae - influenced version that was produced by Wyclef Jean , a dance remixed version by Jonathan Peters was also released . The single was extremely successful worldwide , hitting the Top Ten in nearly two dozen international markets and becoming a signature song for Houston . A live version was included in the 2014 CD / DVD release , Whitney Houston Live : Her Greatest Performances . Duke Dumont sampled the song in his song `` I Got U. ''  - "How Will I Know" is a 1986 song recorded by American recording artist Whitney Houston for her eponymous debut album, which was released in February 1985. It was released by Arista Records in November that year, as the album's third single. Composed by George Merrill and Shannon Rubicam, the song was originally intended for Janet Jackson, but she passed on it. Houston then recorded the song with altered lyrics and production from Narada Michael Walden. The lyrics speak about the protagonist trying to discern if a boy she likes will ever like her back.  - Guinness World Records, known from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous U.S. editions as The Guinness Book of World Records, is a reference book published annually, listing world records and national records, both of human achievements and the extremes of the natural world. The book itself holds a world record, as the best-selling copyrighted book of all time. As of the 2017 edition, it is now in its 63rd year of publication, published in 100 countries and 23 languages. The international franchise has extended beyond print to include television series and museums. The popularity of the franchise has resulted in "Guinness World Records" becoming the primary international authority on the cataloguing and verification of a huge number of world records; the organisation employs official record adjudicators authorised to verify the authenticity of the setting and breaking of records.  - Rodney Jerkins (born July 29, 1977), also known by his stage name Darkchild, is an American record producer and songwriter. He has collaborated with a broad range of popular artists, including Ashanti, Patti LaBelle, Brandy, Michael Jackson, Janet Jackson, Beyoncé, Mary J. Blige, Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Luther Vandross, Jennifer Lopez, Toni Braxton, Destiny's Child, Lady Gaga, Spice Girls, Britney Spears, and The Pussycat Dolls.  - I'm Your Baby Tonight is the third studio album by American pop and R&B recording artist Whitney Houston. It was released by Arista Records on November 6, 1990. Following the run of this album, Houston continued to achieve widespread commercial success throughout the 1990s, venturing heavily into filmswhile continuing to record via their adjoining soundtrack albums. Subsequently, "I'm Your Baby Tonight" would not be followed up with another studio album until 1998's "My Love Is Your Love". The album has sold 15 million copies worldwide.  - My Love Is Your Love is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Whitney Houston, released worldwide on November 17, 1998. It was Houston's first studio album in eight years, following "I'm Your Baby Tonight", although she had released several movie soundtracks in that time. "My Love Is Your Love" is composed of mid-tempo R&B, hip hop, ballads, urban-dance, reggae, and torch songs, produced by musicians such as Rodney Jerkins, Soulshock & Karlin, Missy Elliott, Wyclef Jean, David Foster, and Babyface. It is notable for introducing elements of hip hop into Houston's work, only sparingly used in her previous material.   - David Walter Foster, OC, OBC (born November 1, 1949), is a Canadian musician, record producer, composer, songwriter, and arranger. He has been a producer for musicians including Alice Cooper, Christina Aguilera, Andrea Bocelli, Air Supply, Toni Braxton, Michael Bublé, Charice Pempengco, Chicago, Natalie Cole, The Corrs, Céline Dion, Jackie Evancho, Kenny G, Josh Groban, Whitney Houston, Jennifer Lopez, Kenny Rogers, Seal, Jordan Smith, Rod Stewart, Donna Summer, Olivia Newton-John, Madonna, Mary J. Blige, Barbra Streisand, and Westlife. Foster has won 16 Grammy Awards from 47 nominations. He is the chairman of Verve Records.  - MTV (originally an initialism of Music Television) is an American cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Media Networks (a division of Viacom) and headquartered in New York City. Launched on August 1, 1981, the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as "video jockeys" (VJs). In its early years, MTV's main target demographic was young adults, but today it is primarily towards teenagers, high school students and college students. MTV has toned down its music video programming significantly in recent years, and its programming now consists mainly of original reality, comedy and drama programming and some off-network syndicated programs and films, with limited music video programming in off-peak time periods. It has received criticism towards this change of focus, both by certain segments of its audience and musicians. MTV's influence on its audience, including issues involving censorship and social activism, has also been a subject of debate for several years.  - Torch Song was a British electronic and ambient band of the early 1980s. Original members were William Orbit, Laurie Mayer and Grant Gilbert. By 1985 they had disbanded. Orbit and Mayer re-formed the project in 1995 and recorded their final album, Toward the Unknown Region, and were joined by Rico Conning, who had been their in house producer at Guerilla Studios and also a member of post punk band, The Lines.  - Reggae is a music genre that originated in Jamaica in the late 1960s. The term also denotes the modern popular music of Jamaica and its diaspora. A 1968 single by Toots and the Maytals "Do the Reggay" was the first popular song to use the word "reggae," effectively naming the genre and introducing it to a global audience. While sometimes used in a broad sense to refer to most types of popular Jamaican dance music, the term "reggae" more properly denotes a particular music style that was strongly influenced by traditional mento as well as American jazz and rhythm and blues, especially the New Orleans R&B practiced by Fats Domino and Allen Toussaint, and evolved out of the earlier genres ska and rocksteady. Reggae usually relates news, social gossip, and political comment. Reggae spread into a commercialized jazz field, being known first as Rudie Blues, then Ska, later Blue Beat, and Rock Steady. It is instantly recognizable from the counterpoint between the bass and drum downbeat, and the offbeat rhythm section. The immediate origins of reggae were in ska and rock steady; from the latter, reggae took over the use of the bass as a percussion instrument.    What entity does 'my love is your love ' has the relation 'record label' with?
Answer: