glass-explorers What Does Glass Do? About Explorers Basecamps Photos & Logos Videos FAQ 
  
 Explorers 
  
  
  
 Our Glass Explorer community, which consists of people from all walks of life, actively participates in shaping the future of Glass. With new technology comes new questions, and our Explorers help to answer those questions. The first Explorers were developers from Google I/O 2012 and people who told us what they would do #ifihadglass. Since then, we've continued to expand the Explorer Program. We’re at the start of a long journey and we’re looking to our Explorers to help us develop this new technology. Since the program started, our Explorers have gotten a lot of attention when they wear Glass out and about. Reactions range from the curious – “Wow! Are those the ‘Google glasses’? How do they work?” – to the suspect – “Goodness gracious do those things see into my soul?!” Luckily as the Explorer Community grows, so does their collective wisdom. We asked some long-time Explorers for their advice, and here it is: DO’S 
  
 Explore the world around you. Glass puts you more in control of your technology and frees you to look up and engage with the world around you rather than look down and be distracted from it. Have a hangout with your friends, get walking directions to a fantastic new restaurant, or get an update on that delayed flight. 
  
 Take advantage of the Glass voice commands. Glass can free your hands up to do other things like golfing, cooking, or juggling flaming torches while balancing on a beach ball (but also see Don’ts #2). This is great for looking up how many ounces in a cup while you cook, or taking a one-of-a-kind photo from your unique perspective. 
  
 Ask for permission. Standing alone in the corner of a room staring at people while recording them through Glass is not going to win you any friends (see Don’ts #4). The Glass camera function is no different from a cell phone so behave as you would with your phone and ask permission before taking photos or videos of others. 
  
 Use screen lock. Glass screen lock works like your smartphone’s screen lock: it passcode-protects your device to help prevent others from using it. If you ever lose your device or have it stolen by a budding online resale entrepreneur, you can turn off Glassware and perform a remote wipe (e.g. factory reset) of the device, removing all your information from the device. All you need to do is go to your MyGlass page on your browser, or the MyGlass App on your phone. Be an active and vocal member of the Glass Explorer Community. The Explorer Program was created in order to have a place where our Explorers can give feedback, share content and communicate with the Glass team. It’s been hugely successful over the past year and this is due to our wonderful group of Explorers. They are constantly sharing their worlds with us and with each other, allowing us to hear and work on all the great feedback and stories our Explorers give us (and, wow, do they give us a lot!). 
  
 DON’TS: 
  
 Glass-out. Glass was built for short bursts of information and interactions that allow you to quickly get back to doing the other things you love. If you find yourself staring off into the prism for long periods of time you’re probably looking pretty weird to the people around you. So don’t read War and Peace on Glass. Things like that are better done on bigger screens. 
  
 Rock Glass while doing high-impact sports. Glass is a piece of technology, so use common sense. Water skiing, bull riding or cage fighting with Glass are probably not good ideas. 
  
 Wear it and expect to be ignored. Let’s face it, you’re gonna get some questions. Be patient and explain that Glass has a lot of the same features as a mobile phone (camera, maps, email, etc.). Also, develop your own etiquette. If you’re worried about someone interrupting that romantic dinner at a nice restaurant with a question about Glass, just take it off and put it around the back of your neck or in your bag. 
  
 Be creepy or rude (aka, a “Glasshole”). Respect others' privacy and if they have questions about Glass don’t get snappy. Be polite and explain what Glass does and remember, a quick demo can go a long way. In places where cell phone cameras aren’t allowed, the same rules will apply to Glass. If you’re asked to turn your phone off, turn Glass off as well. Breaking the rules or being rude will not get businesses excited about Glass and will ruin it for other Explorers. 
  
  
  
  
  
  ||||| Google employees train users in Glass basics at a "Basecamp" event in Los Angeles in 2013. Philip Montgomery / Google 
  
 Google is officially putting the users of its Glass headset on notice with a set of do's and don'ts — not least among which is an unambiguous warning not to be "creepy or rude (aka, a "Gla**hole)." 
  
 This isn't the first guide to Glass etiquette — ours came out last May — but it is the first such document from Google. Other than basic tutorials and promotional materials, the company hadn't really weighed in on what you should and shouldn't be doing with the technology. 
  
 That's probably because it has been waiting to hear back from its many Glass Explorers, the first cohort of cyber-cyclops to wear the devices out in public. The do's and don'ts are assembled from this group's feedback. 
  
 Do use Glass voice commands to look up how many ounces are in a cup while your hands are covered in dough — but don't do that while on a date. Do wear Glass on your morning jog or bike commute — but don't wear it "water skiing, bull riding, or cage fighting." 
  
 And, of course, don't "be creepy or rude": "Respect others and if they have questions about Glass don't get snappy... In places where cell phone cameras aren't allowed, the same rules apply to Glass... Breaking the rules or being rude will not get businesses excited about Glass and will ruin it for other explorers." 
  
 Perhaps Google was inspired to publish the list by recent stories of Glass users being asked to leave Seattle bars or ambushed by federal agents in a movie theater. Apparently we still have a lot to learn. ||||| Google, perhaps mindful of some negative reactions to its revolution, offers a dos and don'ts guide. The don'ts mostly revolve around human behavior. 
  
 Explorers need etiquette? (Credit: Google) 
  
 It's hard being misunderstood. 
  
 Sometimes you have to ask yourself: "Is it these desperate ingrates who don't see my genius? Or might it be me?" 
  
 Why did this thought enter my troubled day? Oh, because Google has just released a guide to help its Explorers behave. 
  
 In the past, Google has been happy to let its pioneers do their thing. Now, after one or two got a pie in the ear, Google is keen to help the nerds assimilate with the world as it sadly is. 
  
 The guide is a series of dos and don'ts. Naturally, the don'ts are more interesting. 
  
 The first seems something of a reaction to fears that prolonged use of the device might not be wise. Last week, Google Glass enthusiast Chris Barrett told me how he'd experienced severe headaches when he wore it for any length of time. 
  
 The first of Google's new don'ts tells users not to "Glass-Out." It explains: "Glass was built for short bursts of information and interactions that allow you to quickly get back to doing the other things you love." 
  
 And "things you love" shouldn't include eight hours of creepy photography. 
  
 Still, this guide doesn't mention health reasons. Rather: "If you find yourself staring off into the prism for long periods of time you're probably looking pretty weird to the people around you." 
  
 As if you don't already look pretty weird to the people around you. 
  
 While it's helpful of Google's guide to remind people not to wear Glass when playing contact sports, it's clear the company is most concerned about social reaction. 
  
 Its third don't reminds Explorers that they will, indeed, be stared at and begs them to be polite. 
  
 The last don't seems like the most significant. Don't "be creepy or rude (aka, a "Glasshole")." 
  
 This might remind the owners of the Lost Lake Cafe in Seattle of the customer who didn't appreciate being asked to take his device off and the fuss that ensued. 
  
 Not only was he asked to leave, but the restaurant then described him and his kind as "man children stinkin up the joint." 
  
 Google seems concerned that Glassholes are stinkin' up the company's hopefully addictive joint. As the guide explains: "Breaking the rules or being rude will not get businesses excited about Glass and will ruin it for other Explorers." 
  
 What next? Google Glass Finishing School For Nerds? |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?