Article:
A week after scoring a five-state rout against Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton scored another big win over the Vermont senator by crushing him in Arizona. 
  
 But Sanders easily dispatched Clinton in Utah and Idaho, the other two Western states that voted Tuesday. Both states held caucuses, a format that has favored Sanders. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 Arizona, though, was the biggest prize of the night, with 85 proportionally allocated delegates at stake. With more than 96 percent of precincts counted in the state as of late Wednesday morning, Clinton was ahead 58 percent to 40 percent. 
  
 Sanders was looking to recapture the burst of momentum he enjoyed after his surprise win in Michigan on March 8. But he entered the day trailing Clinton by double digits in Arizona. 
  
 Shortly after The AP and networks called Arizona for Clinton, Sanders reminded supporters in San Diego just how far he had come in less than a year, while predicting a better finish in Utah and Idaho. 
  
 “When we began this campaign, we were considered a fringe candidacy," Sanders said. "Well, 10 months later we have now won 10 primaries and caucuses and unless I’m very mistaken, we’re gonna win a couple more tonight." 
  
 Before launching into a version of his stump speech, the Vermont senator also suggested that his campaign played a role in bringing out voters to the polls, regardless of whether they voted for him. 
  
 Delegates Remaining: 56 Delegates 2,814 1,893 56 0 2,382 Delegates Needed for Nomination 
  
 "When we began this campaign, we talked about the need for millions of people to become involved in the political process," he said. "Tonight in Utah, tonight in Idaho and tonight in Arizona there are record-breaking turnouts in terms of voters." 
  
 Sanders wrapped his speech by asking supporters to bring their friends and family out to vote in California's June 7 primary, the largest delegate prize in the Democratic primary campaign. "If there is a large voter turnout, we will win here in California," he said, echoing a common refrain. 
  
 He then issued a more explicitly triumphant statement once the later outcomes were clear. “I am enormously grateful to the people of Utah and Idaho for the tremendous voter turnouts that gave us victories with extremely large margins," Sanders said. "These decisive victories in Idaho and Utah give me confidence that we will continue to win major victories in the coming contests.” 
  
 Clinton, speaking to supporters in Seattle, said she was "proud" to have won Arizona before turning her focus to the Republican race. 
  
 The terrorist attacks in Brussels on Tuesday, she said, underscored the importance and gravity of the presidential election. "The last thing we need, my friends, are leaders who incite more fear," she continued. 
  
 “We can’t throw out everything we know about what works and what doesn’t and start torturing people," she remarked, alluding to Ted Cruz's call for more stringent policing of Muslim communities and Donald Trump's insistence that torture could have prevented the attacks in the European capital that killed 34 (including three suicide bombers) and wounded hundreds. 
  
 "What Donald Trump and Ted Cruz and others are suggesting, it’s not only wrong, it’s dangerous. It will not keep us safe. This is a time for America to lead, not to cower. And we will lead, and we will defeat terrorists that threaten our friends and allies," she said. 
  
 Sanders campaigned at the U.S.-Mexico border on Saturday, appearing with Rep. Raúl Grijalva (D-Ariz.). Clinton had the support of Arizona Democratic Reps. Ann Kirkpatrick and Ruben Gallego. 
  
 Unlike the other four candidates left running in either major party, Sanders opted to campaign in Idaho, Utah and Arizona on Monday rather than address the American Israel Public Affairs Committee policy conference in Washington, D.C. He delivered a foreign policy speech in Salt Lake City in which he called for a restart of the Middle East peace process. 
  
 Following Tuesday's primaries, Clinton has 1,214 pledged delegates, while Sanders has 911. Counting pledged superdelegates, Clinton has 1,681 and Sanders 927, according to The AP. 
  
 The Democratic race next moves to the Saturday caucuses in Alaska, Hawaii and Washington state, where Sanders is likely to do well. 
  
 "Our campaign will continue to compete in every state and will work to amass as many pledged delegates as possible everywhere," Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook wrote in a memo after Clinton's March 15 sweep. "In fact, we already have staff on the ground in every state that votes through the end of April. But our pledged delegate lead is so significant that even a string of victories by Sen. Sanders over the next few weeks would have little impact on Sec. Clinton’s position in the race." 
  
 Clinton's allies in Congress are calling on Sanders to wind down his campaign or, short of that, stop attacking the former secretary of state directly. A prolonged primary battle, they say, will only aid Trump in a potential general election matchup. ||||| Hillary Clintonis projected to be the winner of the Arizona Democratic primary, giving her a victory over presidential rival Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersSanders poised to announce presidential campaign: report On The Money: Trump agrees to end shutdown without wall funding | Senate quickly clears short-term funding measure | House to vote tonight | Federal workers could get back pay within days | Dems take victory lap Shutdown ends without funding for Trump’s border wall MORE in the most delegate-rich of Tuesday night’s contests. 
  
 But Sanders won decisive victories in Idaho and Utah, allowing Sanders to win a few more delegates than Clinton as of 2:50 a.m. Wednesday. With 100 percent reporting, Sanders won 78 percent of the vote in Idaho; in Utah, where only 15 percent of the vote was in, Sanders was leading with 74 percent. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 But because Democrats award delegates proportionally, that gives Sanders all but a handful of delegates in those states. 
  
 In the 75-delegate state of Arizona, Clinton had nearly 60 percent of the vote. Clinton’s victory there further demonstrates her strength over Sanders among minority voters. Roughly one-third of Arizona’s population is Hispanic, according to the Pew Research Center. 
  
 The Associated Press estimates so far that Clinton will gain 41 delegates to Sanders's 20. 
  
 The Clintons have a long history in Arizona. Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders poised to announce presidential campaign: report Transparency advocate group releases trove of hacked Russian documents Arson suspected at DC restaurant associated with 'Pizzagate' conspiracy MORE won the state in the 2008 Democratic primaries against then-Sen. Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWarriors visit Obama during trip to DC Overnight Energy: Hunters who killed bear cubs get jail time | EPA polluter penalties at lowest level since 1994 | 2018 was Earth's fourth hottest year on record | 'Doomsday clock' closest ever to global annihilation since Cold War ‘Just Add Women and Stir’—A perfect recipe for dashed hopes and disappointment MORE (Ill.). Her husband, former president Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonPartisan squabbles degrade public servants — at America’s risk Six GOP senators vote to end shutdown without wall funding Building walls to keep out migraines MORE, pulled off a rare Democratic victory there the during the 1996 presidential election. 
  
 Clinton and her allies used their ties to Arizona to their advantage this cycle, with Bill Clinton stumping for his wife before the primary and her campaign locking up support and endorsements from lawmakers. 
  
 The state’s leading newspaper, The Arizona Republic, endorsed Clinton on Monday, writing, “She has the mettle to be president. The sound judgment to be commander in chief.” 
  
 Sanders scored a smaller win Tuesday, beating Clinton in a landslide in the Utah caucuses. The state only carries 33 delegates, but Sanders could make off with most of them if his large margin holds. 
  
 The majority of Idaho's 23 delegates also will be awarded to Sanders ||||| State of the race 
  
 Last week, media outlets proclaimed Hillary Clinton the presumed Democratic presidential nominee after her decisive victories in the New Jersey and California primaries. Despite calls to drop out and a Clinton endorsement from President Barack Obama, Bernie Sanders vowed to continue to compete against Clinton in this week's D.C. primary. Meanwhile, Clinton is focused on uniting the Democratic party behind her in order to square off against Republican nominee Donald Trump. |||||Summary: