The Virginia Shooter Wanted Fame. Let’s Not Give It to Him.
A BRUTAL attack takes place on live television; the on-air reporter and cameraman are fatally shot while at work on an early morning story.

The resulting footage — essentially a stomach-churning snuff film — aired on cable news, and was embedded in online news reports.

In a further grotesque twist, the killer filmed the episode and posted his first-person shooter video on social media. “See Facebook,” he tweeted, directing readers to the video that he also posted on Twitter, and which auto-played on many streams as people shared the posts.

This is probably exactly what the shooter, who took two lives and then his own on Wednesday in Virginia, was hoping for in his engineering of mass media and viral infamy. And he is not the only one. Studies show a rise in public mass shootings in the years since the 1999 killings at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo.

These incidents are often followed by discussions of the availability of guns, and about mental health support. Those are crucial issues. But there is something else going on, too: Many of these shooters are seeking a twisted form of notoriety. The killers’ success in obtaining the distorted fame they seek is helping inspire the next troubled person.

We need to understand the copycat aspect of these killings so that we can start dampening this effect.

After studying 160 “active shooter” events over the past decade, with access to information beyond what the public knows, Andre Simons, of the F.B.I.’s Behavioral Analysis Unit, concluded that “the copycat phenomenon is real.” When the F.B.I. report summarizing the research was released in 2014, he said: “We think we’re seeing more compromised, marginalized individuals who are seeking inspiration from those past attacks.”

While we can’t know most killers’ exact motives, we can study their actions. On the morning he fatally shot two people, the Virginia shooter is believed to have faxed a 23-page document to ABC News. The document lionized other young men who had earlier taken multiple lives — men whose actions, motivations and inspirations had been sensationally documented in the news media. He even compared their “tally” of deaths, praising the Virginia Tech shooter for murdering “double the amount” of the Columbine killers. Like many of these individuals, he seemed deeply interested in ensuring a perverse notoriety for his own brutal acts, as well as for past incidents.

The troubled young man who killed 20 elementary school students in Newtown, Conn., in 2012 meticulously collected news clippings of previous mass killings. The teenager who killed two people in a Maryland shopping mall in 2014 was obsessed with the Columbine massacre — he even waited till the exact time of its occurrence to start shooting. During the trial of the gunman who committed the Aurora, Colo., theater massacre, as news coverage of the event spiked, two more shootings happened in movie theaters in just two weeks. The gunman in Santa Barbara, Calif., who killed six people in 2014 left behind a carefully prepared video screed (which many media outlets played or linked to).

We’ve long known that media reporting of suicides creates a contagion effect by planting what’s known as “the seeds of ideation” in at-risk individuals. Recently, Arizona State University researchers examined whether mass killings and school shootings were similarly contagious. After examining a database of school shootings and mass killings, the researchers reported “significant evidence of contagion.” The occurrence of one mass killing meant that another one in the next two weeks was significantly more likely compared with when there had been no such event in the recent past. Crucially, the next one did not necessarily occur nearby, which is what we’d expect if the contagion effect was a result of word-of-mouth or local news. The researchers concluded that high-profile events that got widespread media attention seemed to inspire the next ones.

Psychiatrists agree with the F.B.I.’s conclusion and statistical studies. In 2007, the American Psychiatric Association weighed in, saying that “the scientific evidence in this area is clear.” Asking the news media to stop airing the “disturbing writings, photographs and video” of the Virginia Tech killer, the A.P.A. said that publicizing these materials “seriously jeopardizes the public’s safety by potentially inciting ‘copycat’ suicides, homicides and other incidents.”

Attention seeking is not a new kind of behavior, but now those who seek attention via infamy have more tools available than ever. They can film their own manifestoes, as did the Virginia Tech shooter, who killed 32 people. They can post their grievances on social media themselves, as did the Santa Barbara shooter, who killed six people. They can even film the shootings from their own vantage point, as Wednesday’s live-television shooter did.

These killers act knowing that their ploy is likely to work, and that their faces, words and vicious deeds will be splashed on our screens on their terms.

We can change this by changing the way we cover these stories, similar to the way that the news media did for suicides. After a rash of copycat suicides in the early 1980s, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued voluntary guidelines for reporting on such events: Emphasize that help is possible, do not romanticize the act and do not report on details of the method. (Research shows that being able to imagine an act in specific terms makes it more likely that someone will carry out their plans.)

The media needs to adopt a similar sensible framework to covering mass killings. And in the age of social media, that also means changing our own behavior.

This doesn’t mean censoring the news or not reporting important events of obvious news value. It means not providing the killers with the infamy they seek. It means somber, instead of lurid and graphic, coverage, and a focus on victims. It means not putting the killer’s face on loop. It means minimizing or not using the killers’ names, as I have done here. It means not airing snuff films, or making them easily accessible on popular sites. It means holding back reporting of details such as the type of gun, ammunition, angle of attack and the protective gear the killer might have worn. Such detailed reporting can give the next killer a concrete road map.

This may seem unrealistic. Our media culture tends toward more, not less. But nothing is inevitable, and once awareness of the copycat impact is raised, the news media can change its behavior. It’s not true that the media never holds back information or changes its coverage when lives are at stake. Reporting of suicides already generally follows the C.D.C. guidelines. And, back in 2012, when NBC’s high-profile foreign correspondent, Richard Engel, was kidnapped in Syria, the fact of the abduction was widely known among journalists. But almost all of them complied with NBC’s request for a news blackout to ensure better fact-finding and easier negotiations with the captors. The kidnapping became widely known only after Mr. Engel and his colleagues escaped.

The framework necessary to dampen the copycat effect is nowhere as severe as such a blackout. Instead, it requires not giving the killers the fame they most likely seek for their face or for their words or videos, while reporting on the news with a focus on victims and the brutality of the crime.

For the rest of us, it means not sharing manifestoes or shooters’ social media accounts. Such change is possible. Brutal beheadings by the Islamic State used to be covered graphically by the news media, and also shared widely on social media. Recently, each such event in my social media feed has been followed by reminders not to share the videos — and almost nobody in my social network does anymore. Instead, we share pictures from the lives of the victims.

It’s true that this material will live on in many places on the Internet, but having to seek it in a seedy corner is different from having it promoted by popular news sites.

Graphic footage may be appropriate at times to shock the conscience toward corrective action, for example with victims of war or state violence. But when a murder is carried out in a way that seems to be courting sensationalized coverage, not publicizing the killer’s name, face or screeds is the right response.

These killers seek our attention. It’s time we learned how to deny them.

Zeynep Tufekci is an assistant professor at the School of Information and Library Science at the University of North Carolina and a contributing opinion writer.
What is a short summary of the above article?