Gossip website TheDirty.com claims to have acquired more sexually explicit online chats between Anthony Weiner and a young woman — chats that the site claims took place after Weiner resigned from Congress in disgrace in 2011. The site claims Weiner used the laughable name "Carlos Danger" in some of his messages and sent sexually-charged messages as late as last summer. 
  
 Weiner responded to the allegations, saying, "while some things that have been posted today are true and some are not, there is no question that what I did was wrong." Read the full statement. 
  
 Update, 5:40 p.m.: At a press conference this evening, standing next to his wife Huma Abedin, Weiner began by reading his earlier statement. He introduced himself as a Democratic candidate for Mayor. "In many ways, things are not that much different than they were yesterday," he continued, repeating his assertion that he expected more such communications to emerge. 
  
 He also addressed the timing of the revelations. Some of them, he stated, happened before he resigned from office, some after — though he wasn't clear which messages to the anonymous person fell into which category. 
  
 Weiner then turned the podium over to his wife. "Our marriage, like many others, has had a lot of ups and downs," she said. "Anthony's made some horrible mistakes, both before he resigned from Congress and after. … But I do very strongly believe that that's between us." She concluded: "I love him. I have forgiven him. I believe in him." 
  
 "As I've said, it's in our rear view mirror — but it's not far," he said toward the end of the press conference. Asked when the last text or message was, Weiner said it occurred last summer, after he and his wife gave an interview to People magazine. That article, which introduced his newborn child to the world, included this line: 
  
 "Anthony has spent every day since [the scandal] trying to be the best dad and husband he can be," [Huma] says of her husband, who does all the laundry. "I'm proud to be married to him." 
  
 Weiner then stopped answering questions, insisting that he wouldn't get into a back-and-forth with anyone presenting new messages. 
  
 Original story: In three posts, The Dirty shares screenshots from chats allegedly involving Weiner. One is from Facebook, with Weiner asking the unidentified woman to delete her chats. Another contains chats from Formspring.com in which a user named "Dangr33" makes sexually explicit comments. (The avatar for that account, apparently of a model named "Krysta Kaos," is at left.) The third includes a Facebook message checking in after "the onslaught" to see if "we are ok." That post also includes a censored photograph purportedly including Weiner's penis. 
  
 Here's what we know about this mystery person, whom The Dirty refers to as a "young female girl." The site says that she and Weiner had a relationship for six months; in a statement, she says she was 22 at the time. That relationship, the site claims, was primarily centered around phone sex — they spoke "daily multiple times a day." At one point, Weiner offers to propose that she be included in a panel of bloggers organized by Politico, implying she works in media. (Politico's events page doesn't include any such panel.) Her Formspring account name appears to start with an "s" and end with an "o." Not much to go on. 
  
 There are several reasons to be skeptical of the claim that this was a relationship that happened after Weiner's behavior became public — if it happened at all. None of the screenshots include information about the date, but only the time of day. The only mention of the scandal involving Weiner, from that third message, seems to clearly indicate that Weiner and the recipient of the message knew each other before the scandal became public. The Dirty indicates that Weiner contacted her last August to help her get a condo in Chicago, but it's, again, not clear how that timeline lined up with the explicit relationship. If any: The explicit messages are all from the "Carlos Danger" account. 
  
 Update, 1:30 p.m.: We have at least one indication that the person involved in some Facebook messages was, in fact, candidate Anthony Weiner. One exchange included the following reference to Weiner's cats. 
  
 At the time that Weiner's original exchanges came to light, the image at right was included among them. It shows Weiner seated on a couch with two cats. Someone who worked closely with Weiner in the past contacted us and attested that Weiner does indeed have a cat with one eye. So there's that. 
  
 Update, 3:00 p.m.: A new post at The Dirty offers a timeline from the recipient of Weiner's messages. According to her: 
  
 The two began communicating last July. 
  
 On July 19, Weiner started following her on Formspring. 
  
 By August, the two were exchanging explicit messages over email and Formspring. At this point, Weiner allegedly offered to get the condo in Chicago. 
  
 By November, the relationship had all but ended. 
  
 When The Times' profile of Weiner came out in April (see below), he sent her a Facebook message to ask what she thought. 
  
 Again, these details haven't been confirmed. 
  
 When he announced his candidacy for mayor of New York City, Weiner did warn that additional texts might come out. That campaign has been largely predicated on asking city residents whether or not he deserves the benefit of the doubt on the whole affair. In an interview with The New York Times in April — which also mentions the two cats — he said: 
  
 "I want to ask people to give me a second chance. I do want to have that conversation with people whom I let down and with people who put their faith in me and who wanted to support me. I think to some degree I do want to say to them, 'Give me another chance.'" 
  
 Whether or not he gets the benefit of the doubt in this case could decide if he gets that chance. It could be the point on which his future ambitions hinge. 
  
 Update, 2:25 p.m.: Anthony Weiner issued a statement in response. 
  
 I said that other texts and photos were likely to come out, and today they have. As I have said in the past, these things that I did were wrong and hurtful to my wife and caused us to go through challenges in our marriage that extended past my resignation from Congress. While some things that have been posted today are true and some are not, there is no question that what I did was wrong. This behavior is behind me. I've apologized to Huma and am grateful that she has worked through these issues with me and for her forgiveness. I want to again say that I am very sorry to anyone who was on the receiving end of these messages and the disruption that this has caused. As my wife and I have said, we are focused on moving forward. 
  
 Want to add to this story? Let us know in comments or send an email to the author at pbump at theatlantic dot com. You can share ideas for stories on the Open Wire. 
  
 Philip Bump ||||| Anthony Weiner is up to his old tricks again. I’ve been in contact with a young female girl who wishes to remain Anonymous. She was lured by Anthony Weiner post scandal via Facebook. They had a relationship for 6 months and she believed they were in love. Anthony Weiner like a true sex predator promised Anonymous many things like a job at Politico and a condo in Chicago (a place they could meet up and have sex). The relationship consisted of Anthony Weiner and Anonymous sending sexually explicit pictures of each other and having sexual conversations via phone. The best part was Anthony used an alias this time thinking this would protect him. Anthony Weiner used the name ‘Carlos Danger’ when he would email pictures of his penis via Yahoo. Which makes me believe Anonymous wasn’t the only girl he was working.- nik 
  
 Anonymous: The part that’s most annoying is that I was 22 and in a bad place, but if anyone asked him he would say the same thing about himself, yet he’s an adult. This was a bad situation for me because I really admired him. Even post scandal, I thought he was misunderstood. Until I got to know him. I thought I loved him. Pretty pathetic. 
  
 Last August he even offered to help me get a condo in Chicago, without me asking. I’ll send screenshots of everything. I’m trusting you to keep my name out of it, because like I said, it was obviously a mistake. I was young and dumb. I just want people to really know he’s lying when he acts like he has changed. 
  
 I’m currently in talks with Anonymous. She has lawyered up in fear of Anthony Weiner, but she is willing to expose his sexual nature to TheDirty.com for the betterment of America. Story developing…- nik |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?