By. Francesca Chambers. Democratic lawmakers are beginning to distance themselves from president Barack Obama's decision to trade five known associates of the Taliban with the terrorist network in exchange for the release of accused deserter Bowe Bergdahl. One Democratic lawmaker called Obama’s Taliban trade 'a dangerous precedent' as others are now reluctant to praise the president's choice. Even after White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough talked with Senators from the president's party at their weekly policy luncheon on Tuesday, Democrats wouldn't verbally support Obama's judgment call. The White House officially went into damage-control mode on Wednesday, announcing that Pentagon and intelligence officials would brief the Senate on the deal late Wednesday behind closed doors. The House of Representatives is in recess and will not return until next week. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEOS. Panic: Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., is surrounded by reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington on Wednesday. Levin is defending President Barack Obama's decision to swap five members of the Taliban for  Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl but many in his party are becoming increasingly disquiet. 'Deserter': Senior Dem Dutch Ruppersberger today said Bergdahl's release (exchange caught on video above) in the swap with five Taliban prisoners held at Guantanamo put Americans at risk all around the world. Damning: Rep. Ruppersberger added: 'Since World War Two we have not negotiated with terrorists or other groups' Dutch Ruppersberger, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, issued the strongest rebuke of Obama from a Democrat so far when he said on Tuesday that the trade set a 'dangerous precedent that puts all Americans at risk throughout the world.' 'Since World War Two we have not negotiated with terrorists or other groups,' Ruppersberger told the Baltimore Sun. 'What concerns me is the future. This puts all Americans at risk throughout the world, including our men and women on the front line…for kidnapping.' A dozen Democratic Senators refused to put their approval on record when approached by The Weekly Standard on Tuesday, and several used a classified briefing they were to receive today on the matter as an excuse to delay a verdict. 'I just don't know enough about it. I really don't,' Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin told the Weekly Standard yesterday afternoon. 'All I've heard is what I've read in the press,' Vermont Sen. Pat Leahy said. 'I don't have enough information at this point in time,' Sen. Jon Tester of Montana said. 'I do think getting our boys back home, that's a good quality. I do have some issues about whether [Bergdahl] deserted or not.' 'It depends on all the facts and circumstances of the case,' Senate Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin said. 'I'm not going to give you a conclusion in the case because I don't know all the circumstances.' 'I'm not going to comment until I look at the brief,' Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill said, backtracking from her claim on Sunday that Obama 'acted within his constitutional authority, which he should have done,' to do the deed. 'It's very disturbing,' said West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin. 'Everything you hear.' 'I'm going to reserve judgment until after we have a secured briefing tomorrow,' Manchin, a vulnerable Democrat up for re-election this year, said. The president and his administration hoped to be basking in the glow of Bergdahl's release right up to November's federal elections. But rumors began to fly quickly that Bergdahl had purposefully wandered off base on the evening in question with no intention of returning. Fading support: A host of Democrats contacted today would not go on public record in support of Obama (pictured today in Brussels, Belgium with German Chancellor Angela Merkel) Coupled. with news that search and rescue efforts for Bergdahl resulted in the. deaths of at least six soldiers, and the president's admission on Monday. that it's 'absolutely' possible that the newly released Taliban. fighters could return to the battlefield, the Bergdahl bounce began wear. off. The. Obama administration also fumbled the play by not telling Congress. about the negotiations until the deal had already been sealed. The judgment lapse had lawmakers – whom the president is required to notify 30 days before releasing detainees from the Guantanmo Bay detention camp in Cuba – on both sides of the aisle fuming this week. The president tried to temper criticism on Monday by claiming that lawmakers had known for 'quite some time' about the government's negotiations with the Taliban, but his remarks were met with immediate resistance. Later that evening, Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken called Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein, a Democrat, and committee vice-chairman, Saxby Chambliss, a Republican, to apologize for the 'oversight.' Feinstein told reports on Tuesday that the last official communication she had with administration officials about the proposition of trading prisoners from Guantanmo Bay for Bergdahl was two and a half years ago. Feinstein said she and Chambliss sent then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton a letter in December of 2011 and president Obama a letter in January 2012 with questions about the trade and both letters were met with detailed responses. But that was the last time she'd heard about the swap until Saturday, when she received a call informing her that Bergdahl and the five Taliban fighters had been released. 'Given the past briefings and concerns we had addressed, and these were from both [congressional intelligence] committees and the leadership of both committees, the concerns were bipartisan, and I strongly believe that we should have been consulted,' Feinstein told reporters on Tuesday. 'I think you can see that we're very dismayed about it,' she added. Sen. Jay Rockefeller, who is a former Senate Intelligence chairman and still serves on the committee, said he shares in Feinstein's disappointment. 'I don't like it when the White House says the Intelligence committees were briefed. Because we weren't,' he told Politco on Tuesday. Rockefeller. said he would have been fine with the administration telling only. senior members of the committee, 'but when they say, "Oh yes, they were. briefed," what they are referring to is 2011-2012 when I was still in. grade school.' Senate. Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin defended president Obama on Tuesday. for making the call without Congress's explicit approval. Yet, even he. said ,'I intend to ask what risks we would have incurred if the. secretary of defense had decided to wait 30 days after completing. negotiations and providing the required notice to Congress rather than. acting immediately.' Rush to judgment: Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel today said it was 'unfair to presume anything' about the claims of Bergdahl's desertion at a press conference today in Brussels. 'One of the issues I want to bring up: What is the precedent this sets or doesn't set?'  Sen. Mark Begich told Politico on Wednesday. House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid are the only two lawmakers visibly standing by the president. 'I support the president, and that means I support their understanding of what threat those people who were released with would be to our country,' Pelosi said on Tuesday at an event in Boston, Massachusetts. 'I'm saying I believe that the president has the assurances that he needs that those people will not be a threat to the American people,' Pelosi continued. Reid said on the Senate floor today that, 'President Obama, as Commander-in-Chief, acted honorably in helping an American soldier return home to his family,' 'Unfortunately, opponents of President Obama have seized upon the release of an American prisoner of war, using what should be a moment of unity and celebration for our nation, as a chance to play political games,' he continued. Reid argued that even if Sgt. Bergdahl deserted, it's up to the military to punish him. 'What was the alternative? Would any American honestly prefer that a U.S. soldier remain in captivity until all of the questions have been answered?' Reid asked. 'Of course not. In the United States of America, we rescue our soldiers first and ask questions later.' Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel today said it was 'unfair to presume anything' about the claims of Bergdahl's desertion at a press conference today in Brussels. He repeated that the US had a responsibility to get its soldiers back. 'Let's get the facts, but forst let's focus on getting Sgt Bergdahl well.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: