Please answer the following question: Information:  - Robert Costanza (born September 14, 1950) is a leading ecological economist and Professor of Public Policy at the Crawford School of Public Policy at The Australian National University.  - Global Footprint Network, founded in 2003, is an independent think tank based in the United States, Belgium and Switzerland. It is established as a charitable not-for-profit organization in each of those three countries.  - Mathis Wackernagel is a Swiss-born sustainability advocate. He is President of Global Footprint Network, an international sustainability think tank with offices in Oakland, California; Brussels, Belgium, and Geneva, Switzerland. The think-tank is a non-profit that focuses on developing and promoting metrics for sustainability.  - England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west. The Irish Sea lies northwest of England and the Celtic Sea lies to the southwest. England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south. The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain (which lies in the North Atlantic) in its centre and south; and includes over 100 smaller islands such as the Isles of Scilly, and the Isle of Wight.  - Bollnäs is a Swedish locality and the seat of Bollnäs Municipality, in Gävleborg County, Sweden. It had 12,842 inhabitants in 2010.  - The Pulitzer Prize is an award for achievements in newspaper, magazine and online journalism, literature, and musical composition in the United States. It was established in 1917 by provisions in the will of American (Hungarian-born) Joseph Pulitzer who had made his fortune as a newspaper publisher, and is administered by Columbia University in New York City. Prizes are awarded yearly in twenty-one categories. In twenty of the categories, each winner receives a certificate and a US$15,000 cash award (raised from $10,000 starting in 2017). The winner in the public service category of the journalism competition is awarded a gold medal.  - Norman Myers (born 24 August 1934) is a British environmentalist specialising in biodiversity and noted for his work on environmental refugees. He is the father of marathon runner Mara Yamauchi, and lives in Headington, Oxford, England.  - The University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) is a public research university in the Westwood district of Los Angeles, California, United States. It became the Southern Branch of the University of California in 1919, making it the second-oldest undergraduate campus of the ten-campus system after the original University of California campus in Berkeley (1873). It offers 337 undergraduate and graduate degree programs in a wide range of disciplines. UCLA enrolls about 31,000 undergraduate and 13,000 graduate students, and had 119,000 applicants for Fall 2016, including transfer applicants, the most applicants for any American university.  - Crawford School of Public Policy is a research intensive policy school within the ANU College of Asia and the Pacific at The Australian National University which focuses on Australia and the Asia-Pacific region. The school was named after Sir John Crawford, and its current Acting Director is Professor Robert (Bob) Breunig. The Crawford School has disciplinary and interdisciplinary expertise in public policy, economics, political science, national security, aid, development, and environmental management, and area expertise in Pacific Island countries and Asia (particularly China, Japan, Indonesia, Vietnam and Korea).  - Johan Olof Anders Söderberg (born 14 November 1962 in Bollnäs) is a Swedish film director and editor. He was considered part of the now terminated Swedish multimedia collective Lucky People Center.  - Oxford is a city in the South East region of England and the county town of Oxfordshire. With a population of 159,994 it is the 52nd largest city in the United Kingdom, and one of the fastest growing and most ethnically diverse. The city is situated from London, from Bristol, from both Southampton and Birmingham and from Reading.  - Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies (also titled Guns, Germs and Steel: A short history of everybody for the last 13,000 years) is a 1997 transdisciplinary non-fiction book by Jared Diamond, professor of geography and physiology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). In 1998, "Guns, Germs, and Steel" won the Pulitzer Prize for general nonfiction and the Aventis Prize for Best Science Book. A documentary based on the book, and produced by the National Geographic Society, was broadcast on PBS in July 2005.  - The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe. Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, it includes the island of Great Britain (the name of which is also loosely applied to the whole country), the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of , the UK is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe. It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants. Together, this makes it the fourth most densely populated country in the European Union.  - George Joshua Richard Monbiot (; born 27 January 1963) is a British writer, known for his environmental and political activism. He writes a weekly column for "The Guardian", and is the author of a number of books, including "Captive State: The Corporate Takeover of Britain" (2000) and "Feral: Searching for Enchantment on the Frontiers of Rewilding" (2013). He is the founder of The Land is Ours, a peaceful campaign for the right of access to the countryside and its resources in the United Kingdom.   - Jared Mason Diamond (born September 10, 1937) is an American scientist and author best known for his popular science books "The Third Chimpanzee" (1991); "Guns, Germs, and Steel" (1997, awarded a Pulitzer Prize); "" (2005); and "The World Until Yesterday" (2012). Originally trained in physiology, Diamond is known for drawing from a variety of fields, including anthropology, ecology, geography and evolutionary biology. He is a professor of geography at the University of California, Los Angeles.  - Headington is a suburb of Oxford, England. It is at the top of Headington Hill overlooking the city in the Thames Valley below. The life of the large residential area is centred upon London Road, the main road between London and Oxford.  - A think tank, policy institute, or research institute is an organization that performs research and advocacy concerning topics such as social policy, political strategy, economics, military, technology, and culture. Most policy institutes are non-profit organizations, which some countries such as the United States and Canada provide with tax exempt status. Other think tanks are funded by governments, advocacy groups, or businesses, or derive revenue from consulting or research work related to their projects.  - The Planet is a Swedish documentary film on environmental issues , released in 2006 . The film was made by Michael Stenberg , Johan Söderberg and Linus Torell for the big screen and was shot in the English language to reach an international audience . It includes interviews with 29 environmental scientists and experts including Dr. Stephen Peake , Herman Daly , Lester Brown , Gretchen Daily , Mathis Wackernagel , Norman Myers , Jill Jäger , George Monbiot , Robert Costanza , Will Steffen , and Jared Diamond . At 8pm GMT on 21 March 2007 , as part of the OXDOX : MK documentary film festival , it became the first ever simultaneous round the world screening of a film . After the screening , a panel of leading environmental experts answered questions from around the world from the Berrill Lecture Theatre at The Open University , England .    'the planet ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'country of origin'?  Choices: - australia  - belgium  - california  - canada  - columbia  - england  - european union  - indonesia  - ireland  - london  - sweden  - switzerland  - united kingdom  - wales  - western europe
A: