Article:

It's not yet clear how many other cases — including the 400 inmates on the state's death row — could be affected, experts said. 
  
 “The substance of the ruling would affect the vast majority of Florida’s death row inmates," said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, which opposes capital punishment. 
  
 "The remaining question would be: Will the Supreme Court consider this to have retroactive effect and retroactive to when?” 
  
 He said he expects the ruling will unleash a wave of litigation. 
  
 “Every defendant in Florida whose death sentence was imposed in this matter will be challenging the constitutionality of his or her death sentence under Hurst," Dunham said. 
  
 Connie Fuselier, the mother of Hurst's victim, said she doesn’t care if he is executed at this point, but she can’t bear the thought of more legal proceedings. 
  
 “It’s been hell,” she told NBC News. “When you get to thinking it’s over with, it starts all over again. It’s nerve-racking.” 
  
 At one point during the many appeals the case has spawned, Fuselier said, she told the prosecutor she’d be satisfied with a sentence of life without parole. 
  
 “I just want it over with. I want to know he has no more appeals,” she said. 
  
 She said the case’s 17-year journey through the courts, with the rehashing of the gruesome details of her daughter’s death, has taken a toll on the family. 
  
 “I have post-traumatic stress. I have depression,” she said. “It’s like the family evaporated. We’re all here, but it’s like we’re not.” ||||| WASHINGTON (AP) — Florida's unique system for sentencing people to death is unconstitutional because it gives too much power to judges — and not enough to juries — to decide capital sentences, the Supreme Court ruled Tuesday. 
  
 The 8-1 ruling said that the state's sentencing procedure is flawed because juries play only an advisory role in recommending death while the judge can reach a different decision. 
  
 The decision could trigger new sentencing appeals from some of the 390 inmates on the Florida's death row, a number second only to California. But legal experts said it may apply only to those whose initial appeals are not yet exhausted. 
  
 The court sided with Timothy Lee Hurst, who was convicted of the 1998 murder of his manager at a Popeye's restaurant in Pensacola. A jury divided 7-5 in favor of death, but a judge imposed the sentence. 
  
 Florida's solicitor general argued that the system was acceptable because a jury first decides if the defendant is eligible for the death penalty. 
  
 Writing for the court, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said a jury's "mere recommendation is not enough." She said the court was overruling previous decisions upholding the state's sentencing process. 
  
 "The Sixth Amendment requires a jury, not a judge, to find each fact necessary to impose a sentence of death," Sotomayor said. 
  
 The justices sent the case back to the Florida Supreme Court to determine whether the error in sentencing Hurst was harmless, or whether he should get a new sentencing hearing. 
  
 Justice Samuel Alito dissented, saying that the trial judge in Florida simply performs a reviewing function that duplicates what the jury has done. 
  
 Under Florida law, the state requires juries in capital sentencing hearings to weigh factors for and against imposing a death sentence. But the judge is not bound by those findings and can reach a different conclusion. The judge can also weigh other factors independently. So a jury could base its decision on one particular aggravating factor, but a judge could then rely on a different factor the jury never considered. 
  
 In Hurst's case, prosecutors asked the jury to consider two aggravating factors: the murder was committed during a robbery and it was "especially heinous, atrocious or cruel." But Florida law did not require the jury to say how it voted on each factor. Hurst's attorney argued that it was possible only four jurors agreed with one, while three agreed with the other. 
  
 Sotomayor said Florida's system is flawed because it allows a sentencing judge to find aggravating factors "independent of a jury's fact-finding." 
  
 The Supreme Court ruled in 2002 that a defendant has the right to have a jury decide whether the circumstances of a crime warrant a sentence of death. 
  
 Florida is one of only three states that do not require a unanimous jury verdict when sentencing someone to death. The others are Alabama and Delaware. 
  
 Stephen Harper, a law professor who runs the Death Penalty Clinic at Florida International University, said it's unlikely the Supreme Court ruling will open the door for most Florida death-row inmates to new sentencing hearings. He said the Florida decision is based on a previous Arizona ruling that was already found not to be retroactive. 
  
 "In general, it will not be retroactively applied," Harper said. 
  
 But he added that Florida inmates whose initial appeals have not been exhausted may be able to argue that the latest decision applies to them. And, he said, any capital cases that are awaiting trial would likely be delayed while state legislators and the Florida Supreme Court sort out the next steps. 
  
 Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said her office is reviewing the ruling. 
  
 News of the high court's decision stunned Florida legislators. Florida House Speaker Steve Crisafulli, who learned of the ruling while he was giving a speech to open the state's annual legislative session, said the Supreme Court had "impeccable timing." 
  
 Crisafulli said House legal experts would begin to review the ruling. Rep. Matt Gaetz, an attorney who has dealt with capital punishment during his legislative career, predicted that Florida legislators would act swiftly to get the death penalty "right back on track." 
  
 Cassandra Stubbs, director of the American Civil Liberties Union's Capital Punishment Project, said the ruling "restored the central role of the jury in imposing the death penalty." She called it another step toward ending capital punishment since juries across the country have been increasingly reluctant to impose death sentences. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Curt Anderson in Miami, Gary Fineout in Tallahassee, Florida, and Tamara Lush in St. Petersburg, Florida, contributed to this report. ||||| The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday struck down Florida's death penalty system on the grounds that judges, not juries, decide the key facts that determine whether a killer is condemned to die. 
  
 In an 8-1 ruling, the justices said this judge-driven system violates a defendant's right to a jury trial. 
  
 The ruling will likely give new sentencing hearings to inmates who were recently sentenced to death in Florida, but the justices in the past have said such new rulings do not apply automatically to old cases. 
  
 Tuesday's ruling relied on a 2002 decision that struck down Arizona's judge-driven system for deciding death penalty cases. Despite that ruling in the case of Ring vs. Arizona, the Florida courts had continued to uphold death sentences there on the grounds that juries had recommended death as the proper verdict. 
  
 But on Tuesday, the justices decided Florida must move to a sentencing system that gives juries the final word. The ruling will mean a new sentencing hearing for Timothy Hurst, who was convicted of stabbing and killing a a co-worker at a Popeye's restaurant in 1998. 
  
 Join the conversation on Facebook >> 
  
 He was tried twice, and the jury, though divided, recommended a death sentence, and the judge imposed one. 
  
 But Justice Sonia Sotomayor, speaking for the court, said Florida should have followed the 2002 decision by putting the full weight on the jury. 
  
 "The 6th Amendment protects a defendant's right to an impartial jury," she said. "This right required Florida to base Timothy Hurst's death sentence on a jury verdict, not a judge's fact-finding. Florida's death sentencing scheme, which required the judge alone to find the existence of an aggravating circumstance, is therefore unconstitutional." 
  
 Dissenting alone, Justice Samuel A. Alito said the justices had upheld Florida's system in the past. "Under the Florida system, the jury plays a critically important role," he said, by weighing the evidence and recommending whether the murderer should die. 
  
 On Twitter: @DavidGSavage 
  
 ALSO 
  
 Seattle activist plans mobile drug haven to encourage safe use 
  
 In his final State of the Union address, Obama seeks to stay relevant 
  
 Supreme Court appears skeptical of union fees -- a potentially major loss for labor groups |||||
What is a summary?