Article:

The unborn daughter of Tony Award-winning actress Ruthie Ann Miles died due to injuries suffered in a horrific Brooklyn crash that also killed two other kids, the mom’s lawyer said Wednesday. 
  
 The actress was about 30 weeks pregnant when she was among those hit by a car driven by Staten Island motorist Dorothy Bruns, who plowed through a Park Slope crosswalk March 5. 
  
 Miles’ 4-year-old daughter, Abigail Blumenstein, and another child — 20-month-old Joshua Lew — were killed that day. 
  
 This past Friday, Miles’ unborn baby, Sophia Rosemary Wong Blumenstein, became yet another victim when she died from injuries, said the family’s lawyer, Ben Rubinowitz. 
  
 “As many of you know, Ruthie and Jonathan’s daughter, Abigail, was tragically killed. At the time of the crash Ruthie was pregnant and was severely injured,” Rubinowitz said in a statement. 
  
 “This past Friday Ruthie and Jonathan lost their baby, Sophia Rosemary Wong Blumenstein,” Rubinowitz said. “The pain suffered by Ruthie and Jonathan is nearly impossible to fathom. 
  
 “As you might imagine, they are overwhelmed by the sadness of the deaths of their children. Ruthie and Jonathan are grateful for the support of their family and friends but wish and ask that their privacy be respected during this most trying time. Ruthie and Jonathan continue to seek God’s presence, mercy and peace.” 
  
 Miles won a Tony in 2015 for her work in “The King and I.” 
  
 Bruns has been charged with manslaughter, criminally negligent homicide, reckless endangerment, assault, and reckless driving. 
  
 She faces up to 15 years behind bars if convicted on all charges. ||||| NEW YORK -- A woman who had a seizure behind the wheel of her car which then rolled into a Brooklyn crosswalk, killing the 4-year-old daughter of a Tony Award-winning actress and a 1-year-old boy, was arrested on manslaughter charges Thursday for deaths that prosecutors said should never have happened. 
  
 Just two months before the March crash, prosecutors said, a medical episode caused the woman, 44-year-old Dorothy Bruns, to drive into a parked car. She then had a seizure while hospitalized and was told by a doctor not to drive for one year -- advice that was repeated during two follow-up appointments. 
  
 Despite those instructions, Bruns was involved in a fender bender on Jan. 20 and left the scene, according to prosecutors. 
  
 And then, on March 5, Bruns suffered another seizure while stopped at a red light in Park Slope, Brooklyn. Her car rolled into the crosswalk, striking actress Ruthie Ann Blumenstein and her 4-year-old daughter, Abigail, and Lauren Lew and her 1-year-old son, Joshua. Both children were killed. 
  
 "She didn't listen, for whatever selfish reasons, and she continued to drive," prosecutor Craig Esswein said Thursday in court. "And unfortunately, two families lost children because of the defendant's selfishness." 
  
 A defense attorney, however, disputed that, according to CBS New York. 
  
 "The defendant was given a letter by that neurologist clearing her for her regular activities," defense attorney David Jacobs said in court Thursday. 
  
 Horrifying video footage captured at the scene of the deadly crash shows the white car moving into the crosswalk as the unsuspecting pedestrians are mowed down. 
  
 Bruns was arrested Thursday at her Staten Island home. She pleaded not guilty in a Brooklyn court to charges that included manslaughter, criminally negligent homicide and reckless driving. 
  
 A call to Bruns' attorney wasn't immediately returned. She was ordered held on $75,000 bond and faces 15 years in prison if convicted on the top charge. 
  
 "Her alleged insistence on driving despite doctor's orders and serious medical conditions that prevented her from safely doing so was not only irresponsible, it was unlawful," said District Attorney Eric Gonzalez said. 
  
 First-responders to the Brooklyn crash said she was foaming at the mouth, confused and unsteady on her feet, and then suffered another seizure in the ambulance on her way to the hospital and again at the hospital, prosecutors said. 
  
 Getty 
  
 Blumenstein, who is pregnant, was hospitalized in intensive care but later said in a statement that she was healing. 
  
 "By all accounts it is a miracle our second child is unharmed," the statement read. "Please continue to pray for the Lew and Blumenstein families as we process the unthinkable." 
  
 Blumenstein, who goes by the stage name Ruthie Ann Miles, won a featured actress Tony in 2015 for her role as Lady Thiang in a revival of Rodgers and Hammerstein's "The King and I." It marked her Broadway debut. Blumenstein's other credits included "Sunday in the Park with George" opposite Jake Gyllenhaal and playing Imelda Marcos in David Byrne's off-Broadway musical "Here Lies Love." She had a recurring role on the FX series "The Americans." 
  
 The crash prompted New York Mayor Bill de Blasio to propose changes to state laws that would extend and expand speed enforcement cameras around school zones, escalate fines for repeat offenders up to $350, and strip vehicle registration for dangerous drivers. Such drivers could be people with serious medical conditions. ||||| Broadway star Ruthie Ann Miles is grieving the devastating loss of her unborn child, just two months after the death of her 4-year-old daughter Abigail in a tragic car crash. 
  
 “Ruthie is simply not doing well. The only consolation she had in Abigail’s death was the fact that her unborn baby had survived. But now losing that baby? She’s crushed to her core,” a friend close to Miles tells PEOPLE. 
  
 Get push notifications with news, features, and more. 
  
 “She loved being a mom. She couldn’t wait to expand her family. Losing those kids, it’s destroyed her. How can she even survive this? It’s taking every bit of her faith to find a way through,” the friend says. 
  
 Miles’ family lawyer, Ben Rubinowitz, announced on Wednesday that Ruthie and husband Jonathan Blumenstein’s unborn child, Sophia Rosemary Wong Blumenstein, died on May 11. Their baby girl, whom Ruthie was seven months pregnant with at the time of the crash, was due this month. 
  
 Ruthie Ann Miles and daughter Abigail in February 2017 Walter McBride/WireImage 
  
 “Ruthie and Jonathan started telling their close friends last week about the loss. They wanted them to hear about it first but kept the circle small as they’re not yet comfortable talking about it and still want privacy. To say that Ruthie is devastated would be an understatement,” the friend shares. 
  
 Miles, who won a Tony Award for best featured actress in a musical for her role in the 2015 revival of The King and I, was one of three non-fatal victims of the New York City collision that occurred in March. 
  
 Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox. 
  
 Police confirmed that Abigail, who was pronounced dead upon arrival at Methodist Hospital, was one of two children hit and killed by a vehicle that was allegedly running a red light. 
  
 Ruthie Ann Miles Janette Pellegrini/FilmMagic 
  
 “Everyone in her life is rallying around Ruthie, as we have since the accident, but both she and Jonathan are really holding one another up through this. They’re deep in the grieving process,” another friend of Miles tells PEOPLE. 
  
 “They have a very strong bond, and that’s the one thing that hasn’t broken at all. If anyone will forge this path, it’s them. It’s just so sad, though. She’s going through unspeakable pain. You talk to her and you can just hear it in her voice — a part of her soul is gone.” 
  
 Prior to Abigail’s death, a source previously told PEOPLE that she “was excited to be a big sister.” 
  
 “She was the brightest little spirit,” said the source. “Every time you were around her, your heart couldn’t help but shine. She had the sweetest laugh and the loveliest personality. She was very much like her mother.” 
  
 Ruthie Ann Miles Lev Radin/Pacific Press/LightRocket/Getty 
  
 Earlier this month, a Brooklyn grand jury indicted Dorothy Bruns, the 44-year-old Staten Island driver involved in the fatal crash. 
  
 A prosecution source previously told PEOPLE that Bruns was arraigned on charges of manslaughter, criminally negligent homicide and assault stemming from the crash. Bruns’ lawyer entered a not guilty plea on her behalf. 
  
 Police sources also told PEOPLE in March that Bruns allegedly told investigators she experienced a seizure at the time of the crash. Detectives are attempting to confirm this claim with medical officials, a source said. |||||
What is a summary?