Hot Chocolate were a peculiar band. They were a hugely successful chart act that had hit singles over three decades, but their albums barely scraped into the top 30, unless they were greatest hits collections. They were best known for fluffy, hook-laden pop disco, but their back catalogue was packed with other stuff: music that was far weirder, darker and more intriguing. Errol Brown was a great singer, possessed of the ability to convey anguish with a chilling falsetto shriek, but it was a sound he rarely used: instead, he tended to unflustered cool, an imperturbable loverman who wouldn’t have broken sweat if someone had set fire to his tight satin trousers. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hot Chocolate – Emma 
  
 They began life as an opportunistic novelty act, born when Brown and bassist Tony Wilson took up an offer to join a group of Brixton based musicians who were employed recording reggae covers of current hits. One track, a bizarre version of Give Peace a Chance with a stentorian vocal and additional lyrics courtesy of Brown – “Rubbish! Rubbish!” he kept shouting, for reasons that weren’t entirely clear – found its way to John Lennon and was released on Apple. Signed to Mickie Most’s RAK, they floundered, devoid of a direction – scoring the occasional pop soul hit, like 1970’s Love Is Life, trying their hand at everything from glam to bubblegum to hard rock in the vein of Free’s All Right Now. It wasn’t until Most steered them in the direction of social commentary and brought in string arranger John Cameron that they settled on what appeared to be a winning style: the bleak funk of Brother Louie, the astonishing 1974 hit Emma, an impossibly morose tale of poverty, failure and suicide. The latter featured a remarkable vocal from Brown: he’s the model of resigned stoicism until the song’s closing minute, where he unleashes a series of harrowing screams. 
  
 Hot Chocolate singer Errol Brown dies, aged 71 Read more 
  
 It’s hard not to wish Hot Chocolate had made more records like that, had made more use of Errol Brown’s voice in that way. That said, you could see why they ultimately didn’t. Emma made No 3, but the band’s success was far from assured. Setting what was to prove a pattern, their subsequent debut album, Cicero Park, failed to make the charts at all, despite being a genuinely great record, offering a far tougher, sparser take on the nascent disco sound than the one they would subsequently become famous for. Of their follow-up singles, only the densely orchestrated A Child’s Prayer was a big hit. On the B-side of one of the flops was a track called You Sexy Thing: it was lightweight compared to Emma or Brother Louie or most of Cicero Park, but it was packed with hooks. Rerecorded, it became a hit on both sides of the Atlantic and set a kind of pop-disco template for the rest of Hot Chocolate’s career: So You Win Again, Every 1’s A Winner, deathless wedding disco favourites all. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hot Chocolate – Mindless Boogie 
  
 They were still capable of making harder-edged disco records – 1976’s Heaven Is in the Back Seat of My Cadillac among them – and they were still occasionally fond of experimenting: 1977’s echo-laden Put Your Love In Me had something of the spirit of Emma about it, with its deeply odd, creepy ambience and Brown’s voice rising to an eerie falsetto. But when their weirdest singles, Mindless Boogie – a taut, hypnotic funk track with lyrics about, of all things, the Jonestown massacre, taken from another great album that barely scraped the charts, 1979’s Going Through The Motions – broke their run of big hits, that seemed to seal things: from then on Hot Chocolate stayed firmly in the middle of the road, with only the UFO fixated lyrics of No Doubt About It and the occasional improbable cover version (anyone eager to hear Hot Chocolate doing Elvis Costello’ Green Shirt should head to side one of 1980’s Class) to suggest there was more to them. 
  
 The hits ended with Brown’s departure in 1986: the band eventually replaced him with an Errol Brown impersonator who’d appeared on Stars In Their Eyes. Brown had a couple of hits, but his solo recording career never really took off in the way he might have hoped, although he remained a popular live artist until his retirement: testament to the lasting impression You Sexy Thing and So You Win Again made. When his death was announced, among the more unlikely tributes came from former Suede guitarist turned-songwriter-and-producer Bernard Butler. He took to Twitter to mention one of Hot Chocolate’s weird production quirks, putting congas through a wah pedal intended for a guitar. It was another hint that they were a rather stranger, more intriguing band than their most famous records suggested. ||||| Image caption Brown went on a farewell tour in 2009 
  
 Hot Chocolate lead singer Errol Brown has died aged 71, his manager has said. 
  
 Brown had liver cancer and died at his home in the Bahamas, said Phil Dale. 
  
 Hot Chocolate had hits in more than 50 countries worldwide, including You Sexy Thing - which Brown co-wrote - It Started with a Kiss and Every 1's a Winner. 
  
 Brown was made an MBE by the Queen in 2003 and received an Ivor Novello award for his outstanding contribution to British music in 2004. 
  
 You Sexy Thing, Hot Chocolate's best-known hit and a top 10 single in the 1970s and '80s, charted again in the UK when it was featured in The Full Monty in 1997. 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Archive: Errol Brown performed You Sexy Thing on Top Of The Pops in 1997 
  
 A statement from Brown's manager on Wednesday confirmed the singer's death. 
  
 "Errol Brown MBE passed away in The Bahamas this morning with his wife Ginette and daughters Colette and Leonie by his side of liver cancer," he said. 
  
 "Errol was a lover of life and obviously 'music!' I never went into his home, car or a hotel room without music playing. 
  
 "Errol was a 'Gentle Man' and was a personal friend of mine who will be sadly missed by everyone who knew him," Phil Dale continued. 
  
 "His greatest legacy is that his music will live on!" 
  
 Fellow artists including Chic's Nile Rodgers have paid tribute on Twitter. 
  
 Rodgers wrote: "We had some good times back in the day. #ErrolBrown RIP". 
  
 Singer Beverley Knight tweeted: "I am so gutted. Errol Brown was such a charismatic performer." 
  
 Image copyright PA Image caption Brown with his wife Ginette after receiving an MBE for services to pop music in 2003 
  
 Brown was born in Jamaica but moved to the UK with his mother when he was 12. 
  
 His musical career began in 1969 when he and some friends sent their own reggae version of Give Peace a Chance to its writer John Lennon. 
  
 "We all laughed about it," Brown told BBC Breakfast in 2009. 
  
 "Amazingly, a week later I got a call to say John Lennon approved it and wanted to sign the band to the Apple record label - and that's how we began." 
  
 Brown said they were originally named by a girl working at the record company as The Hot Chocolate Band, which was later shortened. 
  
 Late record producer and hitmaker Mickie Most signed up Brown and his friend Tony Wilson as songwriters towards the end of 1969, championing Brown's writing and singing. 
  
 He recorded their songs with Mary Hopkin, Julie Felix and Herman's Hermits. 
  
 Hot Chocolate released their first single Love is Life in 1970 and the song went to number six in the charts. 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hot Chocolate played at Charles and Diana's pre-wedding reception at Buckingham Palace 
  
 The group had at least one hit every year between 1970 and 1984, making Hot Chocolate the only group in the UK to have a hit for 15 consecutive years. 
  
 In 1985, Brown left the band to spend more time with his family. But he made a comeback in the 1990s with two solo UK tours. 
  
 Farewell tour 
  
 Brown embarked on a farewell tour in 2009, telling BBC Breakfast he had "done all [he] wanted to do". 
  
 "I'm getting a little older now, you know," he went on. "It's hard to pack the suitcase and get back on the road again. 
  
 "But the music will be there, so that won't go away." 
  
 In a message on his website after the tour, he thanked fans for coming out in large numbers to show their love and support. 
  
 "The atmosphere at the concerts were the best ever," he wrote, "and you played your part in making me realise just how wrong it would have been to have just drifted away and not say goodbye. 
  
 "The love I felt at each concert will stay in my heart forever." |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?