Question: Information:  - Glam rock (also known as glitter rock) is a style of rock and pop music that developed in the United Kingdom in the early 1970s performed by musicians who wore outrageous costumes, makeup, and hairstyles, particularly platform shoes and glitter. Glam artists drew on diverse sources ranging from bubblegum pop and '50s rock and roll to cabaret theatrics, science fiction, and complex art rock. The flamboyant clothing and visual styles of performers were often camp or androgynous, and have been described as playing with nontraditional gender roles.  - Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by blues, rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.  - Take It to the Limit is the second studio album of rock band Hinder . The album has been in the works since January 2008 and was released November 4 , 2008 on Universal Motown Records . The album was recorded by Jay Van Poederooyen and produced by Brian Howes at Van Howes Studios in Vancouver , BC , Canada . The record was mixed by Chris Lord - Alge at Mix LA in Tarzana , California , USA . It has a much heavier glam metal and a lesser post-grunge influence than their last album , while retaining the elements of hard rock that the band had previously used . The album has been certified Gold by the RIAA .  - Hinder is an American rock band from Oklahoma that was formed in 2001 by drummer Cody Hanson, lead singer Austin Winkler and guitarist Joe "Blower" Garvey. The band released four studio albums with Winkler; "Extreme Behavior" (2005), "Take It to the Limit" (2008), "All American Nightmare" (2010) and "Welcome to the Freakshow" (2012). Winkler left the band in 2013, and "When The Smoke Clears" (2015) was Hinder's first album featuring new lead vocalist Marshal Dutton.  - Post-grunge is a style of rock music that began in the 1990s and is considered a subgenre of alternative rock and hard rock. Originally, "post-grunge" was an informal and even pejorative label used to describe bands that emulated the grunge sound of Nirvana and Pearl Jam, such as Bush, Candlebox and Collective Soul.  - Dynamic range compression (DRC) or simply compression is a signal processing operation that reduces the volume of loud sounds or amplifies quiet sounds by narrowing or "compressing" an audio signal's dynamic range.  - Tom Lord-Alge (born 1963) is an American music producer, engineer and mixer. Having begun as an engineer and producer, he now works almost exclusively as a mix engineer. Lord-Alge received two Grammy Awards for his work on Steve Winwood's "Back in the High Life" (1986), and "Roll With It" (1988)both winning in the Best Engineered Recording  Non-Classical category. Lord-Alge's third Grammy was for Santana's "Supernatural" (1999), which won Album of the Year. Lord-Alge has mixed records for U2, Simple Minds, The Rolling Stones, P!nk, Peter Gabriel, OMD, Sarah McLachlan, Dave Matthews Band, Blink 182, Avril Lavigne, Sum 41, Oasis, Manic Street Preachers and Marilyn Manson, among others.  - Hard rock is a loosely defined subgenre of rock music that began in the mid-1960s, with the garage, psychedelic and blues rock movements. It is typified by a heavy use of aggressive vocals, distorted electric guitars, bass guitar, drums, and often accompanied with pianos and keyboards.  - Glam metal (also known as hair metal and often used synonymously with pop metal) is a subgenre of heavy metal and hard rock. It often combines elements of those genres with blues, adding catchy pop-influenced hooks and guitar riffs, while borrowing from the fashion of 1970s glam rock.  - Chris Lord-Alge is an American mix engineer. He is the brother of Tom Lord-Alge, another audio engineer. Chris Lord-Alge is known for his use of dynamic range compression in both hardware and software plug-in versions. He is also known for collaborating with Howard Benson, who has produced a minimum majority of the albums Lord-Alge has mixed.  - Extreme Behavior is the debut album of rock band Hinder. It was released in 2005 by Universal Records to almost universally negative reviews, before going platinum in September 2006. All songs were co-written by Brian Howes, except for "Shoulda", which was co-written with Brian Howes and Social Code. The song "Running in the Rain" did not make the cut for the album, but has been played at concerts on their North American tour. Due to use of profanity in three songs, "Extreme Behavior" was the only Hinder record to receive a Parental Advisory label until the release of the deluxe version of "All American Nightmare" and their 2012 album "Welcome to the Freakshow".  - Universal Motown Records was a record label that operated as a division of Universal Motown Republic Group. It was the contemporary incarnation of the legendary Motown Records label, and the "urban" half of UMG, although there was some rock artists on the label (along with its sub-labels) as well.  - Cody Hanson (born May 24, 1982) is an American-born musician, songwriter and producer. Hanson is best known for being the drummer and one of the founding members in the Oklahoma based rock band Hinder and co-owning the production company Back Lounge Productions with fellow Hinder bandmate Marshal Dutton. Hanson has also provided drum work in the country group Drankmore.  - Grunge (sometimes referred to as the Seattle sound) is a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged during the in the American state of Washington, particularly in Seattle. The early grunge movement revolved around Seattle's independent record label Sub Pop, but by the early 1990s its popularity had spread, with grunge acts in California and other parts of the U.S. building strong followings and signing major record deals.  - An electric guitar is a fretted string instrument that uses a pickup to convert the vibration of its stringswhich are typically made of steel, and which occurs when a guitarist strums, plucks or fingerpicks the stringsinto electrical signals. The vibrations of the strings are sensed by a pickup, of which the most common type is the magnetic pickup, which uses the principle of direct electromagnetic induction. The signal generated by an electric guitar is too weak to drive a loudspeaker, so it is plugged into a guitar amplifier before being sent to a loudspeaker, which makes a sound loud enough to hear. The output of an electric guitar is an electric signal, and the signal can easily be altered by electronic circuits to add "color" to the sound or change the sound. Often the signal is modified using effects such as reverb and distortion and "overdrive", with the latter being a key element of the sound of the electric guitar as it is used in blues and rock music.  - Oklahoma (Cherokee: "Asgaya gigageyi" /  ; or transliterated from English as  ("òàlàhoma"), Pawnee: "Uukuhuúwa", Cayuga: "Gahnawiyogeh") is a state located in the South Central United States. Oklahoma is the 20th-most extensive and the 28th-most populous of the 50 United States. The state's name is derived from the Choctaw words "okla" and "humma", meaning "red people". It is also known informally by its nickname, "The Sooner State", in reference to the non-Native settlers who staked their claims on the choicest pieces of land before the official opening date, and the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889, which opened the door for white settlement in America's Indian Territory. The name was settled upon statehood, Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged and Indian was dropped from the name. On November 16, 1907, Oklahoma became the 46th state to enter the union. Its residents are known as "Oklahomans", or informally "Okies", and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City.  - Universal Motown Republic Group, also abbreviated as UMRG, was an umbrella label founded in 1999 by Universal Music Group to oversee the labels assigned to its unit. UMRG was formed in 1999 by pooling together Universal Records, Motown Records, and Republic Records, (the first of the three is now defunct), but which gave way to the current incarnations of those labels at the time, Universal Motown Records and Universal Republic Records.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'record label'.
Answer: