Given the question: Information:  - A narrative or story is any report of connected events, real or imaginary, presented in a sequence of written or spoken words, and/or still or moving images.  - The Cairo International Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Cairo, Egypt. It was established in 1976 and was the second international film festival held in the Arab world after the Carthage Film Festival which was established in 1966. It has taken place every year since its inception, except for 2011 and 2013, when it was cancelled due to budget limitations and political instability. The 38th edition will take place from November 15th, to 24th, 2016. It is the only international competitive feature film festival recognized by the FIAPF in the Arab world and Africa, as well as the oldest in this category.  - Sketch comedy comprises a series of short comedy scenes or vignettes, called "sketches", commonly between one and ten minutes long. Such sketches are performed by a group of comic actors or comedians, either on stage or through an audio or visual medium such as radio and television. Often sketches are first improvised by the actors and written down based on the outcome of these improv sessions; however, such improvisation is not necessarily involved in sketch comedy.  - A writer is a person who uses written words in various styles and techniques to communicate their ideas. Writers produce various forms of literary art and creative writing such as novels, short stories, poetry, plays, screenplays, and essays as well as various reports and news articles that may be of interest to the public. Writers' texts are published across a range of media. Skilled writers who are able to use language to express ideas well often contribute significantly to the cultural content of a society. The word is also used elsewhere in the arts  such as songwriter  but as a standalone term, "writer" normally refers to the creation of written language. Some writers work from an oral tradition.  - Television or TV is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black-and-white), or in color, and in two or three dimensions and sound. It can refer to a television set, a television program ("TV show"), or the medium of television transmission. Television is a mass medium, for entertainment, education, news, and advertising.  - Yasser al-Azma (born 16 May 1942) is a prominent Syrian writer and actor of television, film, and stage. al-Azma was born in the Syrian capital of Damascus. The Syrian actor started his career acting on stage. al-Azma later acted in his first films. al-Azma achieved stardom when he started work on the "Maraya" (Arabic for "Mirrors"), one of the longest-running Arabic television comedy series, in the mid-1980s. al-Azma played leading roles in "Maraya" and took part in the writing of the series. al-Azma has often satirized Arab societies and governments with their anti-American attitudes in the series. Although al-Azma has had several other television roles, he is best remembered for his roles in "Maraya". al-Azma won three awards in three different occasions in the Cairo International Film Festival for his roles in "Maraya", in addition to an honorary award from the Arab Actor's Guild.  - In a modern sense, comedy (from the , "kmidía") refers to any discourse or work generally intended to be humorous or amusing by inducing laughter, especially in theatre, television, film, and stand-up comedy. The origins of the term are found in Ancient Greece. In the Athenian democracy, the public opinion of voters was influenced by the political satire performed by the comic poets at the theaters. The theatrical genre of Greek comedy can be described as a dramatic performance which pits two groups or societies against each other in an amusing agon or conflict. Northrop Frye depicted these two opposing sides as a "Society of Youth" and a "Society of the Old". A revised view characterizes the essential agon of comedy as a struggle between a relatively powerless youth and the societal conventions that pose obstacles to his hopes. In this struggle, the youth is understood to be constrained by his lack of social authority, and is left with little choice but to take recourse in ruses which engender very dramatic irony which provokes laughter.  - Genre (or ; from French "genre" , "kind" or "sort", from Latin "genus" (stem "gener-"), Greek , "gés")   - Stand-up comedy is a comic style in which a comedian performs in front of a live audience, usually speaking directly to them. The performer is commonly known as a comic, stand-up comic, stand-up comedian, or simply a stand-up. In stand-up comedy, the comedian usually recites a grouping of humorous stories, jokes and one-liners typically called a monologue, routine, or act. Some stand-up comedians use props, music, or magic tricks to "enhance" their acts. Stand-up comedy is often performed in comedy clubs, bars and pubs, nightclubs, neo-burlesques, colleges and theatres. Outside of live performance, stand-up is often distributed commercially via television, DVD, CD and the internet.  - Oral tradition, or oral lore, is a form of human communication wherein knowledge, art, ideas and cultural material is received, preserved and transmitted orally from one generation to another. The transmission is through speech or song and may include folktales, ballads, chants, prose or verses. In this way, it is possible for a society to transmit oral history, oral literature, oral law and other knowledge across generations without a writing system, or in parallel to a writing system. Indian religions such as Buddhism, Hinduism and Jainism, for example, have used an oral tradition, in parallel to a writing system, to transmit their canonical scriptures, secular knowledge such as Sushruta Samhita, hymns and mythologies from one generation to the next.  - Lilia al - Atrash ( Arabic :    ) ( born August 18 , 1981 ) is Syrian television actress . She started her career with the famous actor and writer Yasser al - Azma in the sitcom Maraya .  - A situation comedy, or sitcom, is a genre of comedy centered on a fixed set of characters who carry over from episode to episode. Sitcoms can be contrasted with sketch comedy where a troupe may use new characters in each sketch, and stand-up comedy where a comedian tells jokes and stories to an audience. Sitcoms originated in radio, but today are found mostly on television as one9 of its dominant narrative forms. This form can also include mockumentaries.  - Radio is the technology of using radio waves to carry information, such as sound, by systematically modulating properties of electromagnetic energy waves transmitted through space, such as their amplitude, frequency, phase, or pulse width. When radio waves strike an electrical conductor, the oscillating fields induce an alternating current in the conductor. The information in the waves can be extracted and transformed back into its original form.  - In philosophy, ideas are usually construed as mental representational images of some object. Ideas can also be abstract concepts that do not present as mental images. Many philosophers have considered ideas to be a fundamental ontological category of being. The capacity to create and understand the meaning of ideas is considered to be an essential and defining feature of human beings. In a popular sense, an idea arises in a reflexive, spontaneous manner, even without thinking or serious reflection, for example, when we talk about the "idea" of a person or a place. A new or original idea can often lead to innovation.  - Poetry (the term derives from a variant of the Greek term, "poiesis", "making") is a form of literature that uses aesthetic and rhythmic qualities of languagesuch as phonaesthetics, sound symbolism, and metreto evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, the prosaic ostensible meaning.  - Damascus (' ) is the capital and likely the largest city of Syria, following the decline in population of Aleppo due to the ongoing battle for the city. It is commonly known in Syria as "ash-Sham" (') and nicknamed as the "City of Jasmine" (""). In addition to being one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world, Damascus is a major cultural and religious centre of the Levant. The city has an estimated population of 1,711,000 .    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'place of birth' with the subject 'lilia al-atrash'.  Choices: - 1942  - africa  - cairo  - carthage  - damascus  - egypt  - lead  - media  - of  - oral  - sort  - syria  - tradition
The answer is: