Q:Information:  - Alla breve is a musical meter notated by the time signature symbol (a C with a line through it), which is the equivalent of . The term is Italian for "in the style of the breve".  - An eighth note ( American ) or a quaver ( British ) is a musical note played for half the value of a quarter note ( crotchet ) and twice that of the sixteenth note ( semiquaver ) , which amounts to one quarter the duration of a half note ( minim ) , one eighth the duration of whole note ( semibreve ) , one sixteenth the duration of a double whole note ( breve ) , and one thirty - second the duration of a longa , hence the name . It is the equivalent of the fusa in mensural notation ( Morehen and Rastell 2001 ) Eighth notes are notated with an oval , filled - in note head and a straight note stem with one flag note flag ( see Figure 1 ) . A related symbol is the eighth rest ( or quaver rest ) , which denotes a silence for the same duration . In Unicode , the symbols U +266A (  ) and U +266B (  ) are an eighth note and beamed pair of eighth notes respectively . The two symbols are inherited from the early 1980s code page 437 , where they occupied codes 13 and 14 respectively . Additions to the Unicode standard also incorporated additional eighth note depictions from Japanese emoji sets : ascending eighth notes ( U +1F39C ,  ) , descending eighth noes ( U +1F39D ,  ) , a graphical generic musical note generally depicted as an eighth note ( U +1F3B5 ,  ) , and three unconnected eighth notes in sequence ( U +1F3B6 ,  ) . Unicode 's Musical Symbols block includes several variations of the eighth note ; these are the versions intended to be used in computerized musical notation ( as opposed to the others , which are graphical dingbats ) . As with all notes with stems , the general rule is that eighth notes are drawn with stems to the right of the notehead , facing up , when they are below the middle line of the musical staff . When they are on or above the middle line , they are drawn with stems on the left of the note head , facing down . Alternatively , stems are used to indicate voicing or parts ; all stems for the upper voice 's notes ( or `` parts '' ) are drawn facing up , regardless of their position on the...  - Mensural notation is the musical notation system used for European vocal polyphonic music from the later part of the 13th century until about 1600. The term "mensural" refers to the ability of this system to describe precisely measured rhythmic durations in terms of numerical proportions between note values. Its modern name is inspired by the terminology of medieval theorists, who used terms like "musica mensurata" ("measured music") or "cantus mensurabilis" ("measurable song") to refer to the rhythmically defined polyphonic music of their age, as opposed to "musica plana" or "musica choralis", i.e., Gregorian plainchant. With mensural notation being employed principally for compositions in the tradition of vocal polyphony, plainchant retained its own, older system of neume notation throughout the period, while some purely instrumental music could be written in various forms of instrument-specific tablature notation.  - In music, a whole note (American) or semibreve (British) is a note represented by a hollow oval note head and no note stem. Its length is equal to four beats in time, that is the whole measure (or bar). Most other notes are fractions of the whole note (e.g., half notes and quarter notes are played for one half and one quarter the duration of the whole note, respectively).  - In music, a double whole note (American), breve (international), or double note is a note lasting two times as long as a whole note (or "semibreve"). In medieval mensural notation, the "brevis" (ancestor of the modern breve) was one of the shortest note lengthshence its name, which is the Latin etymon of "brief" . In "perfect" rhythmic mode, the brevis was a third of a "longa", or in "imperfect" mode half a "longa" (for full details of the complications here, see for example ). However, in modern music notation it is the longest note value still in common use .  - In music, a half note (American) or minim (British) is a note played for half the duration of a whole note (or semibreve) and twice the duration of a quarter note (or crotchet). It was given its Latin name ("minim", meaning "least or smallest") because it was the shortest of the five note values used in early medieval music notation . In time signatures with 4 as the bottom number, such as or time, the half note is two beats long. However, when 2 is the bottom number (including "alla breve"), the half note is one beat long.  - A quarter note (American) or crotchet (British, from the sense 'hook') is a note played for one quarter of the duration of a whole note (or "semibreve"). Often, musicians will say that a crotchet is one beat, but this is not always correct, as the beat is indicated by the time signature of the music; a quarter note may or may not be the beat. Quarter notes are notated with a filled-in oval note head and a straight, flagless stem. The stem usually points upwards if it is below the middle line of the stave or downwards if it is on or above the middle line. However, the stem direction may differentiate more than one part. The head of the note also reverses its orientation in relation to the stem. (See image.)  - A neume (sometimes spelled neum) is the basic element of Western and Eastern systems of musical notation prior to the invention of five-line staff notation. The word entered the English language in the Middle English forms "newme", "nevme", "neme" in the 15th century, from the Middle French "neume", in turn from either medieval Latin "pneuma" or "neuma", the former either from ancient Greek ("breath") or ("sign"), or else directly from Greek as a corruption or an adaptation of the former.  - Tablature (or tabulature, or tab for short) is a form of musical notation indicating instrument fingering rather than musical pitches.  - Latin (Latin: ) is a classical language belonging to the Italic branch of the Indo-European languages. The Latin alphabet is derived from the Etruscan and Greek alphabets.  - In music, a 16th note (American) or semiquaver (British) is a note played for half the duration of an eighth note (quaver), hence the name. It is the equivalent of the semifusa in mensural notation, first found in 15th-century notation .  - The time signature (also known as meter signature, metre signature, or measure signature) is a notational convention used in Western musical notation to specify how many beats (pulses) are to be contained in each bar and which note value is to be given one beat. In a musical score, the time signature appears at the beginning of the piece, as a time symbol or stacked numerals, such as or (read "common time" and "three-four time", respectively), immediately following the key signature or immediately following the clef symbol if the key signature is empty. A mid-score time signature, usually immediately following a barline, indicates a change of meter.  - Music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound and silence, which exist in time. The common elements of music are pitch (which governs melody and harmony), rhythm (and its associated concepts tempo, meter, and articulation), dynamics (loudness and softness), and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture (which are sometimes termed the "color" of a musical sound). Different styles or types of music may emphasize, de-emphasize or omit some of these elements. Music is performed with a vast range of instruments and vocal techniques ranging from singing to rapping; there are solely instrumental pieces, solely vocal pieces (such as songs without instrumental accompaniment) and pieces that combine singing and instruments. The word derives from Greek  ("mousike"; "art of the Muses"). In its most general form, the activities describing music as an art form include the production of works of music (songs, tunes, symphonies, and so on), the criticism of music, the study of the history of music, and the aesthetic examination of music. Ancient Greek and Indian philosophers defined music as tones ordered horizontally as melodies and vertically as harmonies. Common sayings such as "the harmony of the spheres" and "it is music to my ears" point to the notion that music is often ordered and pleasant to listen to. However, 20th-century composer John Cage thought that any sound can be music, saying, for example, "There is no noise, only sound."    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'instance of' with 'note value'.
A: