Q:Information:  - A crew is a body or a class of people who work at a common activity, generally in a structured or hierarchical organization. A location in which a crew works is called a crewyard or a workyard. The word has nautical resonances: the tasks involved in operating a ship, particularly a sailing ship, providing numerous specialities within a ship's crew, often organised with a chain of command. Traditional nautical usage strongly distinguishes officers from crew, though the two groups combined form the ship's company. Members of a crew are often referred to by the title "Crewman".  - An arsenal is a place where arms and ammunition are made, maintained and repaired, stored, or issued, in any combination, whether privately or publicly owned. "Arsenal" and armoury (British English) or "armory" (US spelling) are mostly regarded as synonyms, although subtle differences in usage exist.  - Manila Bay is a natural harbour which serves the Port of Manila (on Luzon), in the Philippines. Strategically located around the capital city of the Philippines, Manila Bay facilitated commerce and trade between the Philippines and its neighbouring countries, becoming the gateway for socio-economic development even prior to Spanish occupation. With an area of , and a coastline of , Manila Bay is situated in the western part of Luzon and is bounded by Cavite and Metro Manila on the east, Bulacan and Pampanga on the north, and Bataan on the west and northwest. Manila Bay drains approximately of watershed area, with the Pampanga River contributing about 49% of the freshwater influx. With an average depth of , it is estimated to have a total volume of 28.9 billion cubic metres (28.9 cubic km). Entrance to the bay is wide and expands to a width of . However, width of the bay varies from at its mouth and expanding to at its widest point.  - A ship is a large buoyant watercraft. Ships are generally distinguished from boats based on size, shape and cargo or passenger capacity. Ships are used on lakes, seas, rivers, and oceans for a variety of activities, such as the transport of people or goods, fishing, entertainment, public safety, and warfare. Historically, a "ship" was a sailing vessel with at least three square-rigged masts and a full bowsprit.  - Ammunition (mass noun, commonly shortened to ammo) is the general term used for many kinds of propellant and projectile weapons  broadly, any expendable weapon that can be used in combat, including bombs, missiles, warheads, land mines, naval mines, and anti-personnel mines. The word comes from the French "la munition" which is all material used for war. The collective term for all types of ammunition is munitions.  - Rebellion, uprising, or insurrection is a refusal of obedience or order. It refers to the open resistance against the orders of an established authority. The term comes from the Latin verb "rebell," "I renew war" (from "re-" ("again") + "bell" ("I wage war/I revolt"). The rebel is the individual that partakes in rebellion or rebellious activities, particularly when armed. Thus, the term "rebellion" also refers to the ensemble of rebels in a state of revolt.  - Luzon is the largest and most populous island in the Philippines and the 15th largest in the world. Located in the northern region of the archipelago, it is the economic and political center of the nation, being home to the country's capital city, Manila, as well as Quezon City, the country's most populous. With a population of 52.99 million , it is the fourth most populous island in the world (after Java, Honshu, and Great Britain), containing about 53% of the country's total population.  - The Philippine Revolution (Filipino: "Himagsikang Pilipino"), also called the Tagalog War by the Spanish, was a revolution and subsequent conflict fought between the people of the Philippines and the Spanish colonial authorities.  - Metropolitan Manila, commonly known as Metro Manila or simply Manila, is the capital region of the Philippines, is the seat of government, the 2nd most populous and the most densely populated region of the country. The National Capital Region (NCR) is composed of Manila, the capital city of the country, Quezon City, the country's most populous city, and the cities of Caloocan, Las Piñas, Makati, Malabon, Mandaluyong, Marikina, Muntinlupa, Navotas, Parañaque, Pasay, Pasig, San Juan, Taguig, and Valenzuela, including the only remaining municipality of Pateros.  - The Cavite mutiny of 1872 was an uprising of military personnel of Fort San Felipe , the Spanish arsenal in Cavite , Philippines on January 20 , 1872 . Around 200 soldiers and laborers rose up in the belief that it would elevate to a national uprising . The mutiny was unsuccessful , and government soldiers executed many of the participants and began to crack down on a burgeoning nationalist movement . Many scholars believe that the Cavite Mutiny of 1872 was the beginning of Filipino nationalism that would eventually lead to the Philippine Revolution of 1896 .  - Mutiny is a criminal conspiracy among a group of people (typically members of the military; or the crew of any ship, even if they are civilians) to openly oppose, change, or overthrow a lawful authority to which they are subject. The term is commonly used for a rebellion among members of the military against their superior officer(s), but can also occasionally refer to any type of rebellion against an authority figure.  - The Philippines, officially the Republic of the Philippines, is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia situated in the western Pacific Ocean. It consists of about 7,641 islands that are categorized broadly under three main geographical divisions from north to south: Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City, both part of Metro Manila. Bounded by the South China Sea on the west, the Philippine Sea on the east and the Celebes Sea on the southwest, the Philippines shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north, Vietnam to the west, Palau to the east and Malaysia and Indonesia to the south.  - CALABARZON, formally known as Southern Tagalog Mainland and designated as Region IV-A, is an administrative region in the Philippines. The region comprises five provinces, Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal, and Quezon, whose names form the acronym "CALABARZON". Its regional center is Calamba in Laguna.  - The military, also called the armed forces, are forces authorized to use deadly force, and weapons, to support the interests of the state and some or all of its citizens. The task of the military is usually defined as defense of the state and its citizens, and the prosecution of war against another state. The military may also have additional sanctioned and non-sanctioned functions within a society, including, the promotion of a political agenda, protecting corporate economic interests, internal population control, construction, emergency services, social ceremonies, and guarding important areas. The military can also function as a discrete subculture within a larger civil society, through the development of separate infrastructures, which may include housing, schools, utilities, food production and banking.  - Manila (or ), officially City of Manila, is the capital of the Philippines.  - Cavite (Chabacano: "Provincia de Cavite") is a province in the Philippines located on the southern shores of Manila Bay in the Calabarzon region on Luzon island. Situated just south of the capital, it is one of the most industrialized and fastest growing provinces because of its close proximity to Metro Manila. With a population of 3,678,301 in 2015, it is the most populated province in the country.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which '1872 cavite mutiny' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - activity  - administrative region  - ammunition  - armed forces  - armory  - arsenal  - bay  - capital  - change  - city  - class  - collective  - combat  - command  - company  - conflict  - conspiracy  - country  - crew  - criminal  - economic development  - five  - food  - government  - group  - home  - island  - mass  - metropolitan  - military  - municipality  - mutiny  - nation  - officer  - organization  - port  - production  - promotion  - prosecution  - province  - rebellion  - region  - region of the philippines  - regional center  - republic  - revolution  - river  - seat  - seat of government  - ship  - size  - society  - state  - term  - three  - title  - transport  - two  - volume  - war
A: