Question: Information:  - Virgin Interactive Entertainment was the video game publishing division of British conglomerate the Virgin Group. It was formed as Virgin Games Ltd. in 1983. Initially built around a small development team called the Gang of Five, the company grew significantly after purchasing budget label Mastertronic in 1987.  - Dune 2000 is a real-time strategy video game, programmed by Intelligent Games and released by Westwood Studios in 1998 for Microsoft Windows. It was later ported to the PlayStation in 1999. It is a partial remake of "Dune II", which is loosely based on Frank Herbert's "Dune" universe. The story of the game is similar to "Dune II", and is continued in "". The game uses a similar game engine to Westwood's "". Although "Dune 2000" was originally intended to be a remake of "Dune II", the plotline differs completely and makes a reference to the execution of Mentat Amon of House Ordos and the replacement of the Harkonnen Mentat from "Dune II", Radnor, by Hayt De Vries. The story is told with full motion video.  - Real-time strategy (RTS) is a subgenre of strategy video games where the game does not progress incrementally in turns.  - Microsoft Windows (or simply Windows) is a metafamily of graphical operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft. It consists of several families of operating systems, each of which cater to a certain sector of the computing industry with the OS typically associated with IBM PC compatible architecture. Active Windows families include Windows NT, Windows Embedded and Windows Phone; these may encompass subfamilies, e.g. Windows Embedded Compact (Windows CE) or Windows Server. Defunct Windows families include Windows 9x; Windows 10 Mobile is an active product, unrelated to the defunct family Windows Mobile.  - Fantasy is a fiction genre set in an imaginary universe, often but not always without any locations, events, or people from the real world. Most fantasy uses magic or other supernatural elements as a main plot element, theme, or setting. Magic and magical creatures are common in many of these imaginary worlds. Fantasy is generally distinguished from the genres of science fiction and horror by the expectation that it steers clear of scientific and macabre themes, respectively, though there is a great deal of overlap between the three, all of which are subgenres of speculative fiction.  - Louis Castle is an American video games designer. Career. Castle co-founded Westwood Studios with Brett Sperry in 1985. Castle remained with Westwood when it was bought by Electronic Arts in 1998 and he was a vice president and General Manager of EA's Blueprint Studio. He was given the second annual Lifetime Achievement Award by the Computer Game Developers Association at the Spotlight Awards in 1999. From 2003 to June 2009, Castle was Vice President of Creative Development at the Los Angeles studio of Electronic Arts. On July 15, 2009, it was announced that Castle would join InstantAction as the new CEO of GarageGames. After InstantAction was shut down in November 2010, Castle went on to become Senior Advisor for Premium FanPage in January 2011, and later joined Zynga as VP of Studios.  - Westwood Studios, Inc. was an American video game developer, based in Las Vegas, Nevada. It was founded by Brett Sperry and Louis Castle in 1985 as Westwood Associates and was renamed Westwood Studios when it merged with Virgin Interactive in 1992. The company was bought from Virgin Interactive by Electronic Arts (EA) in 1998, and closed by EA in 2003.  - Emperor : Battle for Dune is a Dune video game , released by Westwood Studios on June 12 , 2001 . It is based in Frank Herbert 's science fiction Dune universe . It is the third real - time strategy game set in the Dune universe , following its predecessors , Dune II and Dune 2000 . While Dune II was a totally distinct story to that of Dune , and Dune 2000 was a remake of Dune II , Emperor is a direct sequel to the previous games . In particular , it is a sequel to Dune 2000 , carrying on from where it left off , with several of the characters and actors returning . Like Dune 2000 and many of the other Westwood games that came before it , Emperor features cut scenes filmed with live actors .  - Intelligent Games Ltd (often abbreviated IG Ltd or just IG) was a British video game developer based in London, England. The company was founded by Matthew Stibbe in 1988 as The Intelligent Games Co. In 1992, the company was renamed to simply Intelligent Games. Stibbe left the company in July 2000, and it shut its doors near the end of 2002.  - Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is an American video game company headquartered in Redwood City, California. Founded and incorporated on May 28, 1982 by Trip Hawkins, the company was a pioneer of the early home computer games industry and was notable for promoting the designers and programmers responsible for its games. As of 2014, Electronic Arts was the world's fourth-largest gaming company by revenue after Tencent, Sony and Microsoft  The company sparked controversies over its advertising efforts, and acquisition of other studios.  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - Strategy video games are a video game genre that focuses on skillful thinking and planning to achieve victory. It emphasizes strategic, tactical, and sometimes logistical challenges. Many games also offer economic challenges and exploration. They are generally categorized into four sub-types, depending on whether the game is turn-based or real-time, and whether the game focuses on strategy or tactics.  - Science fiction (often shortened to SF, sci-fi or scifi) is a genre of speculative fiction, typically dealing with imaginative concepts such as futuristic science and technology, space travel, time travel, faster than light travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. Science fiction often explores the potential consequences of scientific and other innovations, and has been called a "literature of ideas." It usually avoids the supernatural, and unlike the related genre of fantasy, historically science fiction stories were intended to have a grounding in science-based fact or theory at the time the story was created, but this connection is now limited to hard science fiction.  - Genre (or ; from French "genre" , "kind" or "sort", from Latin "genus" (stem "gener-"), Greek , "gés")   - Dune II: The Building of a Dynasty (titled Dune II: Battle for Arrakis in Europe and Dune: The Battle for Arrakis for the Mega Drive/Genesis port respectively) is a real-time strategy "Dune" video game developed by Westwood Studios and released by Virgin Interactive in December 1992. It is based upon David Lynch's 1984 movie "Dune", an adaptation of Frank Herbert's science fiction novel of the same name.  - House Ordos is a mercantile House in the "Dune" universe as presented in the Westwood Studios "Dune" video games produced from 1992 to 2001. The Ordos have no army of their own, relying on their wealth to recruit mercenaries. The Ordos excel at interfering in the conflict between House Atreides and House Harkonnen. They are known as "the rebellion of Dune". The House is listed in the non-canon "Dune Encyclopedia" (1984) by Willis E. McNelly but has never been mentioned in any of the novels.  - Speculative fiction is a broad umbrella genre denoting any narrative fiction with supernatural or futuristic elements; this encompasses the genres of science fiction, fantasy, horror, alternative history, magic realism, and superhero fiction, as well as combinations of the previous genres. It typically strays strongly from reality and so may feature fictional types of beings like mythical creatures and supernatural entities, technologies that do not exist in real life like time machines and interstellar spaceships, or magical or otherwise scientifically inexplicable elements. The term's popularity is sometimes attributed to Robert Heinlein, who referenced it in 1947 in an editorial essay, although there are prior mentions of speculative fiction, or its variant "speculative literature".    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'developer'.
Answer: