Information:  - Erasure are an English synthpop duo, consisting of singer and songwriter Andy Bell and songwriter and keyboardist Vince Clarke. They formed in London, and entered the music scene in 1985 with their debut single "Who Needs Love Like That". Following the release of their fourth single "Sometimes", the duo established itself on the UK Singles Chart and became one of the most successful artists of the late 1980s to mid-1990s.  - Disco is a genre of dance music containing elements of funk, soul, pop, and salsa. It achieved popularity during the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. Its initial audiences in the U.S. were club-goers from the gay, African American, Italian American, Latino, and psychedelic communities in Philadelphia and New York City during the late 1960s and early 1970s. Disco can be seen as a reaction against both the domination of rock music and the stigmatization of dance music by the counterculture during this period. It was popular with both men and women, from many different backgrounds.  - Krautrock (sometimes called "kosmische Musik") is a broad genre of experimental rock that developed in Germany in the late 1960s. The term "krautrock" was originated by English-speaking music journalists as a humorous name for a diverse range of German bands whose music drew from sources such as psychedelic rock, avant-garde electronic music, funk, minimalism, jazz improvisation, and world music styles. Largely divorced from the traditional blues and rock and roll influences of British and American rock music up to that time, the period contributed to the evolution of electronic music and ambient music as well as the birth of post-punk, alternative rock and new-age music. Important acts of the scene include Can, Kraftwerk, Neu!, Ash Ra Tempel, Tangerine Dream, and Faust.  - Art rock is a subgenre of rock music that generally reflects a challenging or avant-garde approach to rock, or which makes use of modernist, experimental, or unconventional elements. Art rock aspires to elevate rock from teen entertainment to an artistic statement, opting for a more experimental and conceptual outlook on music. Influences may be drawn from several genres, such as experimental rock, avant-garde music, classical music, and jazz.  - Post-punk (originally "new musick") is a broad type of rock music that emerged from the punk movement of the 1970s, in which artists departed from punk rock's raw, accessible style to pursue a variety of avant-garde sensibilities. Attempting to break from rock tradition, post-punk artists experimented with sources such as electronic music, black dance music and the avant-garde, as well as novel recording technology and production techniques. The movement also saw the frequent intersection of music with art and politics, as artists incorporated ideas from sources such as modernist literature, critical theory, cinema, and performance art. Accompanying these musical developments were communities that produced independent record labels, visual art, multimedia performances and fanzines in conjunction with the music.  - New wave is a genre of rock music popular from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s with ties to 1970s punk rock. New wave moved away from smooth blues and rock and roll sounds to create pop music that incorporated electronic and experimental music, mod and disco. Initially new wave was similar to punk rock, before becoming a distinct, genre. It subsequently engendered subgenres and fusions, including synthpop, college rock and gothic rock.  - The UK Singles Chart (currently entitled Official Singles Chart) is compiled by the Official Charts Company (OCC), on behalf of the British record industry, listing the top-selling singles in the United Kingdom, based upon physical sales, paid-for downloads and streaming. To be eligible for the chart, a single is currently defined by the Official Charts Company (OCC) as either a 'single bundle' having no more than four tracks and not lasting longer than 25 minutes or one digital audio track not longer than 15 minutes with a minimum sale price of 40 pence. The rules have changed many times as technology has developed, the most notable being the inclusion of digital downloads in 2005 and streaming in 2014.  - Synthpop (also known as "technopop"), a subgenre of new wave music first became prominent in the late 1970s and features the synthesizer as the dominant musical instrument. It was prefigured in the 1960s and early 1970s by the use of synthesizers in progressive rock, electronic, art rock, disco, and particularly the "Krautrock" of bands like Kraftwerk. It arose as a distinct genre in Japan and the United Kingdom in the post-punk era as part of the new wave movement of the late-1970s to the mid-1980s.  - `` A Little Respect '' is a song written and recorded by British synthpop duo Erasure , released in September 1988 as their tenth single . It was issued as the third European ( and second American ) single from their album The Innocents . Known as one of their signature songs , `` A Little Respect '' continued Erasure 's success on the UK Singles Chart , where it hit number four to become the band 's fifth Top 10 single . It was also Erasure 's second consecutive Top 20 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 , where it climbed to number 14 , and hit number two on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Songs chart . In the U.K. Mark Saunders and Phil Legg provided the remixes , for the U.S. the remixes were made by Justin Strauss . Written by Erasure members Vince Clarke and Andy Bell , the heavily synthesized instrumentation is accentuated by acoustic guitar and Bell 's use of falsetto in the chorus . The lyrics are an empowering plea to a lover to show compassion and respect . An acoustic version of `` A Little Respect '' is featured on the Moon & the Sky Plus EP in the UK . The song was remixed in 2006 by Jaded Alliance for the Future Retro compilation , and again in 2009 by Avantara for the Pop ! Remixed album and EP and by Wayne G & Andy Allder for inclusion on the Phantom Bride EP . Erasure remixed and re-released the track in December 2010 as a digital download - only single for charity . Proceeds from the sale of the single benefit the Hetrick - Martin Institute , the home of the Harvey Milk High School in New York , and the True Colors Fund . Called the `` HMI Redux '' , it includes additional vocals from the Hetrick - Martin Institute youth chorus . Numerous HMI youth were featured in the `` HMI Redux '' music video that accompanied the track . Produced by Laundry Service Media and directed by Jason Stein , the video premiered on the Huffington Post and was featured on Perez Hilton .  - Kraftwerk (""power station"") is a German electronic music band formed by Ralf Hütter and Florian Schneider in 1970 in Düsseldorf. In the 1970s, they were among the first successful pop acts to popularize electronic music and are widely considered to be innovators and pioneers of the genre. The band was fronted by both Hütter and Schneider until Schneider's departure in 2008.  - "Who Needs Love Like That" is the debut single released by British synthpop duo Erasure. The song was released in the UK on Mute Records in 1985 as a prelude to their debut album "Wonderland". The video was directed by John Scarlett Davies and produced by Nick Verden for Aldabra.  - Progressive rock (shortened as "prog"; sometimes "art rock", "classical rock" or "symphonic rock") is a broad subgenre of rock music that developed in the United Kingdom and United States throughout the mid to late 1960s. Initially termed "progressive pop", the style was an outgrowth of psychedelic bands who abandoned standard pop traditions in favour of instrumentation and compositional techniques more frequently associated with jazz, folk or classical music. Additional elements contributed to its "progressive" label: lyrics were more poetic, technology was harnessed for new sounds, music approached the condition of "art", and the studio, rather than the stage, became the focus of musical activity, which often involved creating music for listening, not dancing.  - Vince Clarke (born Vincent John Martin; 3 July 1960) is an English synthpop musician and songwriter. Clarke has been the main composer and musician of the band Erasure since 1985, and was previously the main songwriter of several groups, including Depeche Mode, Yazoo and The Assembly.    'a little respect' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'record label'?  Choices: - album  - digital  - english  - faust  - funk  - japan  - labels  - mute records  - pop  - record  - rock music  - uk singles chart  - united kingdom
Answer: