Article:
An officer with the Housing Authority of New Orleans was fatally shot in his patrol car while working a security detail at the construction site of the Guste Homes public housing complex, according to New Orleans police officials Sunday (May 24). Authorities have not yet identified the male officer, who had been with the HANO department for about two years, HANO Police Chief Robert Anderson said. 
  
 "It is truly a sad day for our department," Anderson said. "We've never had an on-duty death in the department's history." 
  
 HANO police found the officer's body about 7:10 a.m. Sunday in his patrol car, which came to a stop at the intersection of Erato and Freret streets after striking the curb, NOPD Superintendent Michael Harrison said. They suspect he was shot in the 2300 block of Freret Street. 
  
 The officer had been working an overtime detail at the construction site, which sits in the shadow of the Guste high rise. Investigators don't yet know when he was killed. 
  
 NOPD also can't say whether the officer had been directly targeted. "We don't know what happened, and we don't want to speculate," Harrison said. The New Orleans coroner's office will perform an autopsy to determined the exact cause and time of death. 
  
 The immediate area where the officer was shot isn't populated. "No one lives in that block," Harrison said. But NOPD officers are canvassing the neighborhood to speak with anyone who might have seen or heard something connected to the shooting. 
  
 Crime scene technicians combed the street where dozens of green evidence markers scattered the ground. Harrison asked that anyone with information about the shooting contact authorities. 
  
 Meanwhile, NOPD made the department's grief counselors and psychologist available to HANO staffers, Harrison said. 
  
 Of the officer killed, Anderson said, "He's a young officer who was taken away too soon." 
  
 . . . . . . . . 
  
 Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call NOPD Detective Shawn Jenkins at 504.658.5300. The public can also call Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111 or toll-free at 877.903.7867. Tips can be texted to C-R-I-M-E-S (274637); text TELLCS then the crime information. Callers or texters do not have to give their names or testify and can earn a $2,500 reward for information that leads to an indictment. ||||| Did a Housing Authority of New Orleans police officer who was slain in his patrol car run afoul of thieves looking to loot the vacant Central City construction site that he was patrolling, or was he gunned down by a killer who specifically targeted him? NOPD detectives are working with HANO officers to find out. 
  
 Investigators aren't sure when the officer was shot, but HANO staffers found his body inside his patrol car at the intersection of Freret and Erato streets about 7:10 a.m. Sunday (May 24), NOPD Superintendent Michael Harrison said. 
  
 Authorities have not yet named the officer, who had been with the HANO Police Department for about two years, according to Chief Robert Anderson. 
  
 "It is truly a sad day for our department," Anderson said. "Such a tragic loss. We've never had an on-duty death in the department's history." 
  
 Investigators suspect the officer was shot while in the 2300 block of Freret Street. His patrol car then rolled forward until it struck a curb at the intersection, which sits in the shadow of the Guste Homes high rise. The Orleans Parish coroner's office will conduct an autopsy to determine the exact cause and time of death. 
  
 The immediate area around the intersection includes residences under construction as part of HANO's Guste Homes redevelopment. None of those houses is occupied. 
  
 "No one lives in that block," Harrison said. The closest residents are about a block away, and they said they did not hear any gunfire overnight. 
  
 NOPD officers are canvassing the neighborhood to speak with anyone who might have seen or heard something connected to the shooting, Harrison said. 
  
 The officer's killing came as a shock to the Rev. Willie Gable Jr., pastor of nearby Progressive Baptist Church at 1214 S. Robertson St. 
  
 "It's beyond my imagination," he said Sunday morning as he prepared for services. "What would anyone want to shoot them for? They're just individuals earning a living." 
  
 Gable didn't know the officer personally, but would wave to him and say hello as he sat in his patrol car. The officer usually monitored the construction site while parked beside the church's 43-unit apartment building, which runs along Freret Street just a half-block from the shooting. 
  
 The pastor said he would make the building's security camera footage available to detectives investigating the case. 
  
 Gable noted that HANO stepped up patrols of the Guste construction site a few months ago when construction came to a halt. "Empty buildings are easy prey," he said, referring to criminals who target such sites to steal tools, copper and other materials and equipment. 
  
 HANO assigned more police protection to the site to prevent vandalism after the agency called the surety bond on the project, terminating its contract with Parkcrest Builders in April, according to Leslie Thomas, director of communications for HANO. The company had not delivered any units for occupancy by its March 2015 deadline, Thomas said. Construction is expected to resume on June 1. 
  
 New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu called the officer's slaying "an unspeakable tragedy, and a vile, cowardly act. Tragedies that involve our men and women in uniform affect our entire city and touch every member of our law enforcement community. We are deeply saddened by this loss, and our hearts and prayers are with the officer's friends and family and with the entire HANO family during this very difficult time," he said in a statement released Sunday morning. 
  
 NOPD made the department's grief counselors and psychologists available to HANO staffers, Harrison said. 
  
 "It's a horrible day for us," Anderson said. "It's truly sad. It's a young officer that was taken way too soon." 
  
 . . . . . . . . 
  
 Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call NOPD Detective Shawn Jenkins at 504.658.5300. The public can also call Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111 or toll-free at 877.903.7867. Tips can be texted to C-R-I-M-E-S (274637); text TELLCS then the crime information. Callers or texters do not have to give their names or testify and can earn a $2,500 reward for information that leads to an indictment. ||||| Play Facebook 
  
 Twitter 
  
 Embed New Orleans Police Officer Shot Dead in Patrol Car 0:34 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog 
  
 A New Orleans housing authority police officer was shot and killed while sitting in a marked patrol car Sunday morning, according to police. 
  
 The 45-year-old Housing Authority of New Orleans (HANO) officer was patrolling a construction site just blocks from the New Orleans Saints' stadium when he was fatally shot, according to a statement from the New Orleans Police Department. 
  
 Police were called to the scene at 7:10 a.m., and found the officer in his marked patrol car, which had rolled forward and hit a curb, according to the statement. 
  
 No arrests had been made in connection with the shooting, and police had not identified any suspects, New Orleans Police Department spokesman Garry Flot told NBC News on Sunday afternoon. The murder was under investigation, he said. 
  
 HANO said in a statement that they were cooperating with the New Orleans Police Department investigation and sending extra patrol officers to the area of the shooting. 
  
 "HANO mourns the loss of one of its valued and dedicated employees," the statement said. 
  
 "NOPD and HANO will work very closely to identify and arrest those responsible for this heinous assault. NOPD and HANO are part of the same close-knit law enforcement family that puts their lives on the line to protect and serve the people of New Orleans," said New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu. "The death of this HANO police officer is an unspeakable tragedy, and a vile and cowardly act," he said. 
  
 The officer, who has not yet been identified, has worked with HANO since 2013, according to police. HANO works to develop affordable housing for low-income New Orleans residents, according to the organization's website. 
  
 SOCIAL 
  
 Death of HANO police officer is unspeakable tragedy and vile & cowardly act. Thoughts & prayers w/officer's family. http://t.co/si2bqHTbd9 — Mitch Landrieu (@MayorLandrieu) May 24, 2015 
  
 — Elisha Fieldstadt |||||Summary: