By Radar Staff 
  
 Robert Pattinson‘s friends tried to get his mind off girlfriend Kristen Stewart cheating on him by taking him to a cowboy dance and music club Friday night, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting. 
  
 He was spotted at The Deer Lodge in Ojai, CA, 90 minutes from the home he used to share with Kristen. 
  
 “I’ve been told by several people that Robert Pattinson was here enjoying the music with his friends. He seemed in good sprits,” a Deer Lodge employee, who asked that his name not be used, tells RadarOnline.com. “I wasn’t on that night so I didn’t personally see him, but several others did.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Take A Look Inside Robert Pattinson And Kristen Stewart’s LA Love Nest 
  
 As RadarOnline.com reported, Pattinson has been staying at his Water for Elephants costar Reese Witherspoon’s Ojai ranch. 
  
 The Deer Lodge has been a popular local hangout for decades, offering live music, dancing and lots of beer and good times. 
  
 “Awesome night in Ojai. Got to hang with a rowdy bunch of Brits & one of them happened to be Edward,” a fellow patron tweeted after bumping into the star – who plays Edward Cullen in the popular Twilight movies – at the lodge. 
  
 PHOTOS: Child Star To Bigscreen Bombshell Style! Kristen Stewart’s Transformation 
  
 “He wasn’t moping and the girls were definitely just his friend,” she continued. “The girls were drunk and literally danced on the floor. 
  
 “The girls were nice. I stood next to them at the bar. He wasn’t drunk. Just taking in the scene. Smoked next to him outside.” 
  
 The lively establishment was playing host to indie band The Lonely Wild who are a small group from L.A. 
  
 In addition to being an A-list actor Pattinson is also a musician who plays the guitar, piano and composes his own music. He even sang on the Twilight soundtrack. 
  
 PHOTOS: Robert Pattinson & Kristen Stewart At London Premiere Of Breaking Dawn 
  
 Meanwhile Stewart is struggling to come to terms with her infidelity with director Rupert Sanders. 
  
 RadarOnline.com reported the actress is ‘crying non-stop’ at the home of producer Giovanni Agnelli who she has been staying with since the split. 
  
 Pattinson is extremely upset about the arrangement and has even accused Agnelli of having an affair with Kristen. 
  
 RELATED STORIES: 
  
 Kristen Stewart Was Cozying Up To Married Director’s Kids Before Affair Was Exposed 
  
 Charlize Theron Furious With Co-Star Kristen Stewart Over Affair With Married Director 
  
 New Photos Of Kristen Stewart & Married Director Debunk Claims Of ‘Momentary Indiscretion’ 
  
 Kristen Stewart Writing Letter To Director’s Wife Apologizing For Affair! ||||| HollywoodLife.com has exclusively confirmed that Rob will be a guest on ‘The Daily Show’ on Aug. 13, the same day as his ‘Cosmopolis’ premiere — Read on for the details! 
  
 Robert Pattinson is not going to shy away from TV interviews! HollywoodLife.com has just learned that Rob will appear on The Daily Show on Aug. 13, it will be his first of two scheduled TV interviews for the week. We told you he’s expected to appear on Good Morning America on Aug. 15. Do you think he’ll talk about Kristen Stewart? 
  
 “Robert Pattinson is confirmed to appear as a guest on The Daily Show,” Renata Luczak, a rep for the show tells us. “This Monday, August 13. It will be his second appearance since March 2, 2010.” 
  
 Rob will be doing his TV hit the same day as his NYC Cosmopolis premiere. We just wonder if he’ll pre-tape the segment or go on live after the red carpet! 
  
 — Chloe Melas 
  
 More Kristen: 
  
 Click here for more ENTV videos! ||||| Finally, a fact about Robert Pattinson: The wronged half of Robsten will show his face in public next week at the latest — and on live TV, no less. 
  
 Personal drama aside, the show must go on, which means Pattinson will keep his promises to promote "Cosmopolis" before it opens in New York and L.A. on Aug. 17. 
  
 Among those promises? An appearance at the film's Aug. 13 premiere in Manhattan, Us Weekly reports, and a live TV chat on "Good Morning America" two days later. (Take that, "Today" show.) 
  
 TIMELINE: Kristen Stewart cheating scandal 
  
 Pattinson, a private person under even ordinary circumstances, has been pretty much invisible since the cheating scandal involving Kristen Stewart and her "Snow White and the Huntsman" director, Rupert Sanders, slammed like a bunker buster on top of a very loyal fandom July 24. ||||| Robert Pattinson to Give Live TV Interview on Good Morning America August 15 
  
 Ready or not, R-Patz is coming out of hiding next week. 
  
 In seclusion since learning of love Kristen Stewart's fling with Rupert Sanders, Robert Pattinson will kickstart promotions for his new film, Cosmopolis -- including a live TV interview on Good Morning America next Wednesday, August 15, a rep for the film confirms to Us Weekly. 
  
 The British star is also expected to hit the red carpet in NYC two nights earlier. 
  
 PHOTOS: Kristen's betrayal 
  
 Pattinson has been enjoying some R&R; at the $7 million, 7-acre ranch in Ojai, Calif. lent to him by pal Reese Witherspoon. Over the weekend, he was spotted having "a few drinks and laughs" at a local country-western bar, Deer Lodge. 
  
 PHOTOS: Rob and Kristen's sexiest scenes together 
  
 "Rob's a total mess, trying to figure out why Kristen did this," a source told Us Weekly. 
  
 PHOTOS: Rob and Kristen's road to romance 
  
 Back in late May -- about a month and a half before she and Sanders, 41, were photographed making out in L.A. -- Stewart had nothing but praise for Pattinson's performance in Cosmopolis. "He's so good in it!" she told MTV News of the edgy, harrowing film, directed by David Cronenberg and based on Don Delillo's novel. "He's really, really [good]. I don't even know how he [did it]. I couldn't even understand it. It's so good, it's so cool and I'm so proud of him." ||||| By Radar Staff 
  
 Snow White and the Huntsman director Rupert Sanders is desperately trying to save his marriage following revelations he cheated on his wife, Liberty Ross, with Kristen Stewart, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting. 
  
 Sanders has confessed to friends that he made “the worst mistake of my life” as he fears his wife will refuse to forgive him and file for divorce. 
  
 “Liberty is not making this easy for Rupert, not surprisingly,” a source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com. “She is refusing to see him right now and has not spoken to him about if they have a future together or not. 
  
 PHOTOS: Child Star To Bigscreen Bombshell Style! Kristen Stewart’s Transformation 
  
 “Rupert is willing to do absolutely anything and everything he can to save his marriage, he realizes this is the worst mistake of his life, and he cannot believe he was so stupid. 
  
 “The thought of losing his wife and children, who he loves more than anything in the world is killing him.” 
  
 As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Stewart released a statement shortly after news broke of the affair insisting that it was a “momentary indiscretion” but, photos have surfaced showing Stewart and the married director looking cozy together back in May during an intimate dinner in Berlin and there have been several reports that the affair lasted for “months.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Robert Pattinson & Kristen Stewart At London Premiere Of Breaking Dawn 
  
 Ross was photographed out with her two children Sunday, pointedly not wearing a wedding ring, and the source says she is in serious turmoil as to whether she will ever be able to forgive her cheating husband. 
  
 “Liberty has told Rupert she just doesn’t think she will be able to trust him again,” the source says. “This affair went on right under her nose and she feels like he has made her look like a fool. 
  
 PHOTOS: Take A Look Inside Robert Pattinson And Kristen Stewart’s LA Love Nest 
  
 “Rupert is just hoping it will blow over soon and he can win her back, but that is looking ever increasingly unlikely.” 
  
 Meanwhile, Stewart’s heartbroken ex, actor Robert Pattison, is scheduled to give his first post-split interview next Wednesday, August 15, on ABC’s Good Morning America. 
  
 RELATED STORIES: 
  
 Charlize Theron Furious With Co-Star Kristen Stewart Over Affair With Married Director 
  
 Kristen Stewart Was Cozying Up To Married Director’s Kids Before Affair Was Exposed 
  
 New Photos Of Kristen Stewart & Married Director Debunk Claims Of ‘Momentary Indiscretion’ 
  
 Kristen Stewart Writing Letter To Director’s Wife Apologizing For Affair! |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?