Information:  - Zell am See is the administrative capital of the Zell am See District in the Austrian state of Salzburg. The town is an important tourist destination known as Zell am See-Kaprun and is a transportation hub for the region.  - A ski is a narrow strip of semi-rigid material worn underfoot to glide over snow. Substantially longer than wide and characteristically employed in pairs, skis are attached to ski boots with ski bindings, with either a free, lockable, or partially secured heel. For climbing slopes, ski skins (originally made of seal fur, but now made of synthetic materials) can be attached at the base of the ski.  - Snow pertains to frozen crystalline water throughout its life cycle, starting when it precipitates from clouds and accumulates on surfaces, then metamorphoses in place, and ultimately melts, slides or sublimates away. Snowstorms organize and develop by feeding on sources of atmospheric moisture and cold air. Snowflakes nucleate around particles in the atmosphere by attracting supercooled water droplets, which freeze in hexagonal-shaped crystals. Snowflakes take on a variety of shapes, basic among these are platelets, needles, columns and rime. As snow accumulates into a snowpack, it may blow into drifts. Over time, accumulated snow metamorphoses, by sintering, sublimation and freeze-thaw. Where the climate is cold enough for year-to-year accumulation, a glacier may form. Otherwise, snow typically melts, seasonally, and causes runoff into streams and rivers and recharging groundwater.  - A village is a clustered human settlement or community, larger than a hamlet but smaller than a town, with a population ranging from a few hundred to a few thousand. Though often located in rural areas, the term urban village is also applied to certain urban neighbourhoods. Villages are normally permanent, with fixed dwellings; however, transient villages can occur. Further, the dwellings of a village are fairly close to one another, not scattered broadly over the landscape, as a dispersed settlement.  - A piste is a marked ski run or path down a mountain for snow skiing, snowboarding, or other mountain sports.  - The Ski Amadé region of Austria is a network of 28 ski areas and towns that combined, make up the second largest ski area in Europe. It is named after the composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart who was born in the city of Salzburg.  - Skiing is a mode of transport, recreational activity and competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow. Many types of competitive skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and the International Ski Federation (FIS).  - A ski resort is a resort developed for skiing, snowboarding, and other winter sports. In Europe, most ski resorts are towns or villages in or adjacent to a ski area  a mountainous area with pistes, ski trails and a ski lift system. In North America, it is more common for ski areas to exist well away from towns, so ski resorts usually are destination resorts, often purpose-built and self-contained, where skiing is the main activity.  - A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws, to which it is subordinate. It is to be distinguished from the county, which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns, villages and hamlets. The term "municipality" may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality. A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision, as opposed to a special-purpose district. The term is derived from French "municipalité" and Latin "municipalis".  - The International Olympic Committee (IOC; French: Comité international olympique, CIO) is the supreme authority of the worldwide Olympic movement. It is an international, non-profit, non-governmental organization based in Lausanne, Switzerland. Its mission is enshrined in the Olympic Charter: to support the development of competitive sport by ethical and environmentally sustainable means.  - A county is a geographical region of a country used for administrative or other purposes, in certain modern nations. The term is derived from the Old French "conté" or "cunté" denoting a jurisdiction under the sovereignty of a count (earl) or a viscount. The modern French is "comté", and its equivalents in other languages are "contea", "contado", "comtat", "condado", "Grafschaft", "graafschap", "Gau", etc. (cf. "conte", "comte", "conde", "Graf").  - A winter sport or winter activity is a recreational activity or sport which is played during cold weather months. Most such sports are variations of skiing, ice skating and sledding. Traditionally such sports were only played in cold areas during winter, but artificial snow and artificial ice allow more flexibility. Artificial ice can be used to provide ice rinks for ice skating, ice hockey and bandy in a milder climate.  - International Ski Federation (FIS; short for Fédération Internationale de Ski) is the world's highest governing body for international winter sports. Founded in 1924, it is responsible for the Olympic disciplines of Alpine skiing, cross-country skiing, ski jumping, Nordic combined, freestyle skiing and snowboarding. The FIS is also responsible for setting the international competition rules. The organization now has a membership of 118 national ski associations and is based in Oberhofen am Thunersee, Switzerland.  - An international airport is an airport that offers customs and immigration facilities for passengers travelling between countries. International airports are typically larger than domestic airports and often feature longer runways and facilities to accommodate the heavier aircraft commonly used for international and intercontinental travel. International airports often also host domestic flights. Some, such as Frankfurt Airport in Germany are very large; others such as Fa'a' International Airport in Tahiti, are quite small.  - Salzburg (literally: "Salt Fortress") is the fourth-largest city in Austria and the capital of the federal state of Salzburg.  - Saalbach - Hinterglemm is a municipality in the district of Zell am See ( Pinzgau region ) , in the Austrian state of Salzburg . It is well known for its skiing and other winter sports . A three piste network consisting of Saalbach , Hinterglemm and Leogang is located in the municipality . It is short transfer to resort from Salzburg Airport .  - An administrative division, unit, entity, area or region, also referred to as a subnational entity, constituent unit, or country subdivision, is a portion of a country or other region delineated for the purpose of administration. Administrative divisions are granted a certain degree of autonomy and are usually required to manage themselves through their own local governments. Countries are divided up into these smaller units to make managing their land and the affairs of their people easier. For example, a country may be divided into provinces, which, in turn, are divided into counties, which, in turn, may be divided in whole or in part into municipalities; and so on.  - Salzburg Airport is the second largest international airport in Austria. It serves Salzburg, the fourth-largest Austrian city, as well as a gateway to Austria's numerous and vast ski areas, including the Ski Amadé region, the largest network of linked ski resorts in Europe. The airport is named after Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and is located west-southwest from the centre of Salzburg and from the Austrian-German border and is jointly owned by the City of Salzburg (25%) and The State of Salzburg (75%).   - A town is a human settlement larger than a village but smaller than a city. The size definition for what constitutes a "town" varies considerably in different parts of the world.  - The Bezirk Zell am See is an administrative district ("Bezirk") in the federal state of Salzburg, Austria, and congruent with the Pinzgau region.  - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (; 27 January 1756  5 December 1791), baptised as Johannes Chrysostomus Wolfgangus Theophilus Mozart, was a prolific and influential composer of the Classical era.    What object entity has the relation of 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'saalbach-hinterglemm'?   Choices: - austria  - centre  - comtat  - cross  - district  - frankfurt airport  - hamlet  - lausanne  - mission  - most  - mountain  - of  - salt  - salzburg  - ski  - southwest  - zell  - zell am see  - zell am see district
Answer: