Answer the following question: Information:  - The iTunes Store is a software-based online digital media store operated by Apple Inc. It opened on April 28, 2003, and has been the largest music vendor in the United States since April 2008, and the largest music vendor in the world since February 2010. It offers over 43 million songs, 700,000 apps, 190,000 TV episodes and 45,000 films as of September 12, 2012. The iTunes Store's revenues in the first quarter of 2011 totalled nearly US$1.4 billion; by May 28, 2014, the store had sold 35 billion songs worldwide.   - Leigh Bingham Nash (born June 27, 1976) is an American singer and songwriter who is the lead vocalist for the pop band Sixpence None the Richer and is also a member of Fauxliage and Movement Nashville. Her debut solo album, "Blue on Blue", was released on August 15, 2006 by One Son/ Nettwerk record labels.  - Nashville is the capital of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Davidson County. It is located on the Cumberland River in the north central part of the state. The city is a center for the music, healthcare, publishing, banking and transportation industries, and home to numerous colleges and universities. Reflecting the city's position in state government, Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for Middle Tennessee. It is known as a center of the country music industry, earning it the nickname "Music City U.S.A."  - Christian rock is a form of rock music that promotes Jesus and is typically performed by self-proclaimed Christian individuals and bands whose members focus the lyrics on matters of Christian faith. The extent to which their lyrics are explicitly Christian varies between bands. Many bands who perform Christian rock have ties to the contemporary Christian music labels, media outlets, and festivals, while other bands are independent.  - Jars of Clay is a Christian rock band from Nashville, Tennessee. They met at Greenville College in Greenville, Illinois.  - Nettwerk Music Group is the umbrella company for Nettwerk Records, Nettwerk Management, and Nettwerk One Publishing.  - `` Dead Man ( Carry Me ) '' is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay . It is the first radio single from their 2006 studio album , Good Monsters . A live concert version of the song appears on the Live Monsters EP , while the album version appears on the compilation albums Indoor Picnic Music ( 2006 , Nettwerk ) , Penny Candy ( 2006 , Nettwerk ) , and WOW Hits 2007 ( 2006 , EMI Christian Music Group ) . A music video for the song was released in 2007 , which was compiled from concert video footage taken by fans by means of their mobile phones . The radio edited version is less `` heavy '' than the album version , featuring keyboards louder than electric guitars .  - MTV (originally an initialism of Music Television) is an American cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Media Networks (a division of Viacom) and headquartered in New York City. Launched on August 1, 1981, the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as "video jockeys" (VJs). In its early years, MTV's main target demographic was young adults, but today it is primarily towards teenagers, high school students and college students. MTV has toned down its music video programming significantly in recent years, and its programming now consists mainly of original reality, comedy and drama programming and some off-network syndicated programs and films, with limited music video programming in off-peak time periods. It has received criticism towards this change of focus, both by certain segments of its audience and musicians. MTV's influence on its audience, including issues involving censorship and social activism, has also been a subject of debate for several years.  - YouTube is an American video-sharing website headquartered in San Bruno, California. The service was created by three former PayPal employeesChad Hurley, Steve Chen, and Jawed Karimin February 2005. In November 2006, it was bought by Google for US$1.65 billion. YouTube now operates as one of Google's subsidiaries. The site allows users to upload, view, rate, share, add to favorites, report and comment on videos, and it makes use of WebM, H.264/MPEG-4 AVC, and Adobe Flash Video technology to display a wide variety of user-generated and corporate media videos. Available content includes video clips, TV show clips, music videos, short and documentary films, audio recordings, movie trailers and other content such as video blogging, short original videos, and educational videos.  - A music video is a short film integrating a song and imagery, produced for promotional or artistic purposes. Modern music videos are primarily made and used as a marketing device intended to promote the sale of music recordings. There are also cases where songs are used in tie in marketing campaigns that allow them to become more than just a song. Tie ins and merchandising could be used in toys or marketing campaigns for food and other products. Although the origins of music videos date back to musical short films that first appeared in the 1920s, they came into prominence in the 1980s when MTV based their format around the medium. Prior to the 1980s, these works were described by various terms including "illustrated song", "filmed insert", "promotional (promo) film", "promotional clip", "promotional video", "song video", "song clip" or "film clip". Since the creation and increased popularity of YouTube, mainstream artists now promote new music videos by releasing trailers of short promos on the site for their upcoming song and music video. Consequentially, YouTube has been converted into a social media platform for celebrities and artists to market themselves to their fans  - Live Monsters is an EP recorded and released by Jars of Clay. The EP contains songs that were recorded live on their tour in support of their studio album, "Good Monsters". At first release, the only method of purchasing the album was either at one of their concerts or through Jars Of Clay's official store. However, Essential has since released the EP for purchase through the iTunes Store and was released to mainstream music stores on September 4, 2007. The track listing of the two releases varies as "All My Tears" and "Love Me" from the initial release are substituted for "Good Monsters" and "Surprise".  - An angel, especially according to Abrahamic religions and Zoroastrianism, is a spiritual being superior to humans in power and intelligence. Angels are typically described as benevolent, dreadful, and endowed with wisdom and knowledge of earthly events, but not infallible; for they strive with each other, and God has to make peace between them. Most of them serve either as intermediaries between Heaven and Earth, or as guardian spirits. They are studied in the theological doctrine of angelology. In Christian Science, the word "angel" is used to refer to an inspiration from God. The use of the term has extended to refer to artistic depictions of the spirits, and it is also used figuratively to refer to messengers and harbingers, and to people who possess high qualities of goodness, purity, selflessness, intelligence, and/or beauty.  - WOW Hits 2007 is a two-disc compilation album of songs that represent the best of Christian music of 2006. It was released on October 3, 2006.  - Good Monsters is the seventh full-length studio album from Jars of Clay, released by Essential Records on September 5, 2006. This is their last album of new material from Essential Records and it is said to be lyrically their most aggressive album to date. It features eleven original songs, and a remake of "All My Tears" by Julie Miller. It also features guest appearances by singer/songwriter Kate York (on "Even Angels Cry"), Leigh Nash, of Sixpence None the Richer (on "Mirrors & Smoke"), and the African Children's Choir (on "Light Gives Heat").  - Julie Anne Miller (born Julie Griffin, July 12, 1956) is a songwriter, singer, and recording artist currently living in Nashville, Tennessee. She married Buddy Miller in 1981. They sing and play on each other's solo projects and have recorded a duets album on HighTone Records.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'dead man ' with the relationship of 'record label'.  Choices: - album  - angel  - clay  - country music  - digital  - essential records  - itunes  - labels  - nettwerk  - play on  - pop  - record  - rock music  - satellite  - service  - studio album  - viacom
Answer: