Article:
Magna Carta edition found in Sandwich archive scrapbook 
  
 Magna Carta has been on display at the Houses of Parliament 
  
 Continue reading the main story Related Stories 
  
 An early edition of Magna Carta has been found in a Victorian scrapbook during a search of a council's archives 
  
 The discovery has come months ahead of the 800th anniversary of the sealing of Magna Carta in Runnymede in 1215. 
  
 Kent archivist Dr Mark Bateson had been asked to search for another charter from the town of Sandwich. 
  
 Dr Bateson found the town's Charter of the Forest in a Victorian scrapbook in Kent County Council archives - with the long-forgotten Magna Carta edition. 
  
 The document was ripped with about a third missing but could still be worth up to £10m, according to Professor Nicholas Vincent, a specialist in medieval history from the University of East Anglia. 
  
 Its high value comes from the fact that it was found with the Charter of the Forest. The only other such pair - dating from 1300 - in the world is owned by Oriel College, Oxford. 
  
 Many pictures show King John signing Magna Carta at Runnymede - although experts agree it was sealed 
  
 Professor Vincent, who asked Dr Bateson to search for the forest charter in December and went on to authenticate the Sandwich Magna Carta after it was found, said it was "a fantastic discovery". 
  
 He said it backed the theory that Magna Carta was issued more widely than previously thought, to at least 50 cathedral towns and ports. 
  
 He also said the discovery gave hope that further copies would also turn up. 
  
 Twenty-four editions of Magna Carta, which established the principle of the rule of law, are currently known to exist. 
  
 The Magna Carta Research Project describes the Sandwich document as a "previously unknown exemplar of the 1300 Magna Carta", over half a metre in length, but missing text and its royal seal. 
  
 What was Magna Carta? 
  
 Magna Carta at Salisbury Cathedral dates from 1215, one of four of the first documents that are still around 
  
 Magna Carta outlined basic rights with the principle that no-one was above the law, including the king 
  
 It charted the right to a fair trial, and limits on taxation without representation 
  
 It inspired a number of other documents, including the US Constitution and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
  
 Only three clauses are still valid - the one guaranteeing the liberties of the English Church; the clause confirming the privileges of the City of London and other towns; and the clause that states that no free man shall be imprisoned without the lawful judgement of his equals 
  
 Why are there so many Magna Cartas? 
  
 Experts said the 1300 Magna Carta was issued by Edward I and was apparently the last to be drawn up. They said the discovery of the Sandwich Magna Carta brought to seven the number of surviving originals of 1300. 
  
 It is understood Sandwich does not plan to sell its copy but does hope to benefit from it as a tourist attraction. 
  
 Paul Graeme, mayor of Sandwich Town Council, said owning the forest charter and Magna Carta was "an immense privilege". 
  
 He said: "Through the American Declaration of Independence, continuing in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Magna Carta still underpins individual liberties worldwide. 
  
 "To own such a document - and the Charter of the Forest - is an honour and a great responsibility." 
  
 This week, four 1215 versions were brought together at the Houses of Parliament; two from Salisbury Cathedral and Lincoln Cathedral and two from the British Library. ||||| An edition of Magna Carta which could be worth up to £10 million has been found after it lay forgotten in a council's archives. The discovery of the version of the historical parchment which established the principle of the rule of law, in the files of the history department of Kent County Council, has been described as an important historical find by an expert. 
  
 The document was found in the archives kept in Maidstone but belonging to the town of Sandwich. Speaking from Paris, Professor Nicholas Vincent, of the University of East Anglia, who authenticated the document, said: "It is a fantastic discovery which comes in the week that the four other known versions were brought together at the Houses of Parliament. It is a fantastic piece of news for Sandwich which puts it in a small category of towns and institutions that own a 1300 issue." 
  
 Prof Vincent said the fact Sandwich had its own Magna Carta gives backing to the theory that it was issued more widely than previously thought to at least 50 cathedral towns and ports. And he added the discovery gives him hope that further copies will also turn up. 
  
 There are only 24 editions of the Magna Carta in known existence around the world. 
  
 Prof Vincent said: "It must have been much more widely distributed than previously thought because if Sandwich had one... the chances are it went out to a lot of other towns. And it is very likely that there are one or two out there somewhere that no one has spotted yet." 
  
 Prof Vincent, who specialises in medieval history, said the value of the Sandwich edition could be up to £10 million, but it was ripped with about a third missing. He said: "This would be an upper value as it has, like the town of Sandwich, suffered over time from French invasions and the like." 
  
 The discovery was made by archivist Dr Mark Bateson at the end of December just before the 800th anniversary year celebrations of King John's concession. The Sandwich Magna Carta was found when Prof Vincent asked Dr Bateson to look up a copy of the town's original Charter of the Forest. 
  
 It was found next to the charter in a Victorian scrapbook and its high value comes from the fact it also comprises the Forest Charter. There is only one other such pair in the world, owned by Oriel College, Oxford. It is understood that Sandwich does not intend to sell its Magna Carta but instead is hoping to benefit from its potential as a tourist attraction. 
  
 Paul Graeme, mayor of Sandwich Town Council, said: "On behalf of Sandwich Town Council, I would like to say that we are absolutely delighted to discover that an original Magna Carta and original Charter of the Forest, previously unknown, are in our ownership. 
  
 "To own one of these documents, let alone both, is an immense privilege given their international importance. Perhaps it is fitting that they belong to a town where Thomas Paine lived, who proposed in his pamphlet Common Sense a Continental Charter for what were then the American colonies, 'answering to what is called the Magna Carta of England... securing freedom and property to all men, and ... the free exercise of religion'." 
  
 He added: "Through the American Declaration of Independence, continuing in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Magna Carta still underpins individual liberties worldwide. To own such a document - and the Charter of the Forest - is an honour and a great responsibility." 
  
 The four known 1215 editions are from Salisbury Cathedral, Lincoln Cathedral and two held at the British Library. They were brought together for a one-day exhibition at Parliament for a crowd of 2,015 chosen by a public ballot. 
  
 Speaking of the exhibition, the Lord Speaker, Baroness D'Souza, said: "Magna Carta established the principle of the rule of law and equality before the law; for 800 years we have been influenced by its contents and it remains one of the most important political documents in the world, with countries such as the United States, Australia, New Zealand and Canada tracing constitutional influences back to Magna Carta. 
  
 The Speaker, Rt Hon John Bercow MP, said: "Over the past eight centuries the public and their Parliament have shaped society and changed the way we live our lives. The sealing of the Magna Carta in 1215 and the Montfort parliament of 1265 marked the start of the journey towards modern rights and representation, paving the way for the House of Commons and democracy as we know it today." 
  
 The parchment, which was issued by Edward I in 1300, is the final version of Magna Carta and three of its clauses remain on the statute books today. These include the defence of the church, the protection of the City of London and the right to trial by jury. 
  
 The first Magna Carta was drafted by the Archbishop of Canterbury and agreed by King John on June 15, 1215 to make peace with a group of rebel barons. It was reissued and reaffirmed on many occasions in subsequent years. |||||Summary: