Please answer the following question: Information:  - Higher education, post-secondary education, or third level education is an optional final stage of formal learning that occurs after completion of secondary education. Often delivered at universities, academies, colleges, seminaries, and institutes of technology, higher education is also available through certain college-level institutions, including vocational schools, trade schools, and other career colleges that award academic degrees or professional certifications. Tertiary education at non-degree level is sometimes referred to as further education or continuing education as distinct from higher education.  - The Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) is an African-American civil rights organization. SCLC, which is closely associated with its first president, Martin Luther King Jr, had a large role in the American Civil Rights Movement.  - Sidney J. Marcus ( February 5 , 1928 -- October 27 , 1983 ) was a Georgia ( U.S. ) legislator from Atlanta 's 26th district , now the 106th district , who served in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1968 until his death in 1983 . He served on several committees : Health and Ecology , on which he was chairman ; Ways and Means ; and Rules . For several years , Marcus was chairman of Fulton County delegation . He was also an unsuccessful candidate for Mayor of Atlanta in 1981 , defeated by Andrew Young . He was a noted Atlanta politician , and active in the Jewish community . His accomplishments included helping to stop the I - 485 freeway which threatened several intown neighborhoods ( leading to the park named in his honor ) . Sidney Marcus attended Atlanta public schools and graduated from the University of Georgia in 1948 , as a member of Zeta Beta Tau fraternity . He was a 1955 graduate of the Emory University School of Law . Marcus married Charlotte Glyck of Waycross , GA , and they had three children , Robyn , Bradley and Beth .  - Atlanta is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia, with an estimated 2015 population of 463,878. Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area, home to 5,710,795 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, and a small portion of the city extends eastward into DeKalb County.  - The Georgia House of Representatives is the lower house of the Georgia General Assembly (the state legislature) of the U.S. state of Georgia. There are currently 180 elected members.  - Martin Luther King Jr. (born Michael King Jr., January 15, 1929  April 4, 1968) was an American Baptist minister and activist who was a leader in the Civil Rights Movement. He is best known for his role in the advancement of civil rights using nonviolent civil disobedience based on his Christian beliefs.  - A research university is a university that expects all its tenured and tenure-track faculty to continuously engage in research, as opposed to merely requiring it as a condition of an initial appointment or tenure. Such universities can be recognized by their strong focus on innovative research and the prestige of their brand names. On the one hand, research universities strive to recruit faculty who are the most brilliant minds in their disciplines in the world, and their students enjoy the opportunity to learn from such experts. On the other hand, new students are often disappointed to realize their undergraduate courses at research universities are overly academic and fail to provide vocational training with immediate "real world" applications; but many employers value degrees from research universities because they know that such coursework develops fundamental skills like critical thinking.   - The United States Ambassador to the United Nations is the leader of the U.S. delegation, the U.S. Mission to the United Nations. The position is more formally known as the "Permanent Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, and Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations"; it is also known as the U.S. Permanent Representative, or "Perm Rep", to the United Nations.  - The University of Georgia, founded in 1785, also referred to as UGA or simply Georgia, is an American public Land-grant, Regional Sun Grant, National Sea Grant, and National Space Grant research university. Its primary location is a campus adjacent to the college town of Athens, Georgia, approximately an hour's drive from the global city of Atlanta. It is a flagship university that is ranked tied for 18th overall among all public national universities in the 2017 "U.S. News & World Report" rankings. The university is classified in the highest ranking, "R-1: ", with the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education classifying the student body as "More Selective," its most selective admissions category. The university has been labeled one of the "Public Ivies," a publicly funded university considered to provide a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.   - Emory University is a private research university in metropolitan Atlanta, located in the Druid Hills section of DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. The university was founded as Emory College in 1836 in Oxford, Georgia by the Methodist Episcopal Church and was named in honor of Methodist bishop John Emory. In 1915, the college relocated to metropolitan Atlanta and was rechartered as Emory University. The university is the second-oldest private institution of higher education in Georgia and among the fifty oldest private universities in the United States.  - Oxford is a city in Newton County, Georgia, in the United States. As of the 2000 census, the city population was 1,892. It is the location of Oxford College of Emory University.  - John Emory (11 April 1789  1835) was an American bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church, elected in 1832.  - Andrew Jackson Young, Jr. (born March 12, 1932) is an American politician, diplomat, and activist. Beginning his career as a pastor, Young was an early leader in the Civil Rights Movement, serving as executive director of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) and a close confidant to Martin Luther King Jr. Young later became active in politics, serving first as a U.S. Congressman from Georgia, then United States Ambassador to the United Nations, and finally Mayor of Atlanta. Since leaving political office, Young has founded or served in a large number of organizations working on issues of public policy and political lobbying.  - Athens (formally known as Athens-Clarke County) is a consolidated citycounty in the U.S. state of Georgia, in the northeastern part of the state, comprising the former city of Athens proper (the county seat) and Clarke County. The University of Georgia, the state's flagship public research university, is located in this college town, and contributed to its initial growth. In 1991, after a vote the preceding year, the original city abandoned its charter to form a unified government with Clarke County, referred to jointly as Athens-Clarke County. As of the 2010 census, the consolidated city-county (including all of Athens-Clarke County except Winterville and a portion of Bogart) had a total population of 115,452; all of Clarke County had a population of 116,714. Athens is the sixth-largest city in Georgia, and the principal city of the Athens-Clarke County, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a population of 192,541 as of the 2010 census. Athens-Clarke County has the smallest geographical area of a county in Georgia.  - The Georgia General Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. State of Georgia. It is bicameral, consisting of the Senate and the House of Representatives.  - The Ivy League is a collegiate athletic conference comprising sports teams from eight private institutions of higher education in the Northeastern United States. The conference name is also commonly used to refer to those eight schools as a group beyond the sports context. The eight institutions are Brown University, Columbia University, Cornell University, Dartmouth College, Harvard University, the University of Pennsylvania, Princeton University, and Yale University. The term "Ivy League" has connotations of academic excellence, selectivity in admissions, and social elitism.    What is the relationship between 'sidney marcus' and 'united states of america'?
A: