Information:  - "Parece Que Va A Llover" (English: "It Seems It's Going to Rain") is a charanga song composed by the Cuban composer Antonio Matas in 1947. It has been covered by many artists including, Los Panchos, Pedro Infante, Beny More, Joe Quijano and Selena.  - "Chiquilla" is a song by A.B. Quintanilla Y Los Kumbia All Starz. It is the first single from their debut studio album "Ayer Fue Kumbia Kings, Hoy Es Kumbia All Starz". "Chiquilla" reached #7 on "Hot Latin Tracks", #9 on "Latin Regional Mexican Airplay", #26 on "Latin Pop Airplay" and #31 on "Latin Tropical Airplay".  - Luis Armando Lozada Cruz (born September 8, 1971), better known as Vico C, is a Puerto Rican rapper and reggaeton songwriter. He is considered one of the founding fathers of reggaeton and the Father of Rap. Vico C has played an influential role in the development of Latin American hip hop.  - Planeta Kumbia (English: "Kumbia Planet") is the second studio album by the cumbia band A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz. It was released on March 4, 2008 through EMI Latin. The record is A.B. Quintanilla's sixth studio album.  - Ayer Fue Kumbia Kings, Hoy Es Kumbia All Starz (English: "Yesterday Was Kumbia Kings, Today Is Kumbia All Starz") is the debut studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz and the fifth studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla. It was released on October 3, 2006 by EMI Latin. The fan edition was released on October 2, 2007. It has all the songs from the standard edition plus two more songs and the music videos for "Chiquilla", "Parece Que Va a Llover", and "Speedy Gonzales".  - Los Kumbia All Starz are a Mexican-American cumbia group from Corpus Christi, Texas, created by A.B. Quintanilla. Kumbia All Starz are not to be confused with Los Kumbia Kings although some members are originally from Los Kumbia Kings. Their 2006 debut album "Ayer Fue Kumbia Kings, Hoy Es Kumbia All Starz" reached number one on United States Billboard's Latin Pop Albums chart, number one on the Top Latin Albums chart, and number sixty-eight on the United States "Billboard" 200. The album spawned two charting singles, "Chiquilla" (which reached number seven on Hot Latin Tracks, number nine on Latin Regional Mexican Airplay, number twenty-six on Latin Pop Airplay and number thirty-one on Latin Tropical Airplay) and "Parece Que Va a Llover" (which reached number thirty-three on Latin Regional Mexican Airplay).  - Cumbia is a dance-oriented music genre popular throughout Latin America. It began as a courtship dance practiced among the African population on the Caribbean coasts of Colombia and Panama. It later mixed with Amerindian and European instruments, steps and musical characteristics and spread throughout Latin America and abroad. While other genres of Latin American music have remained associated with specific countries or regions, cumbia has grown to be one of the most widespread and unifying musical genres to emerge from Latin America.  - `` Rica y Apretadita '' is a song by Panamanian reggae singer El General featuring Anayca . The song was released in 1995 and is one of El General 's signature songs . `` Rica y Apretadita '' was later cover by Mexican - American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz featuring Mexican - American singer Melissa Jiménez . It was released on May 20 , 2008 as the second single from their second studio album Planeta Kumbia ( 2008 ) . Ricky Rick and Melissa Jiménez provide the vocals .  - Edgardo Armando Franco, better known as El General, is a Panamanian reggae artist considered by some to be one of the fathers of "Reggae En Español". During the early 1990s, he initiated the Spanish spoken dancehall. Early examples of this were the international and somewhat mainstream songs, Te Ves Buena and Tu Pun Pun. Both songs, performed in Spanish rap, were very successful in North America. After getting his foot in the door of the commercial market, many other Spanish rappers became famous in the mainstream as well, such as Vico C and DJ Negro. He has a unique, easy to listen to style of dance music and has produced many well-known songs all over Latin America. His musical works have become popular in Latin America over the last few years. This style is called Reggae en Español, because he makes dancehall reggae music with Spanish-language lyrics.  - Los Kumbia Kings was an American Mexican cumbia group from Corpus Christi, Texas, created by A.B. Quintanilla and Cruz Martinez. Their music encompasses the styles of cumbia (hence their name), hip hop, and R&B. They produce songs in both Spanish and English. The band's producers from the beginning have been Quintanilla and Cruz Martínez. Quintanilla is the brother of the late "Queen of Tejano", Selena. Quintanilla played bass guitar for the group, while Martínez, husband of international artist Alicia Villarreal, played keyboards. Both co-wrote songs for the Kumbia Kings. Though the group has gone through a revolving door of members in recent years amid controversy and finger-pointing, and the Kumbia Kings of today are vastly different from what originated in Corpus Christi over eight years ago, Quintanilla and Martínez were always the soul of the group. Gone are original members Frankie J and DJ Kane, both of whom have gone on to significant success as solo artists, as well as the group K1 (Kingz One), a collaboration of founding members of Kumbia Kings who have defected from the group for reason of "internal dissension". Quintanilla, Irvin "Pee Wee" Salinas, as well as Selena's widower Chris Pérez, also decided to leave the group due to that same "internal dissension". Martínez kept Los Kumbia Kings but changed the name to Los Super Reyes for legal issues. In October 2009, Quintanilla and Martínez solved their differences, and announced that the Kumbia Kings would reunite for a series of concerts lasting from late 2009 through early 2010.  - Dancehall is a genre of Jamaican popular music that originated in the late 1970s. Initially dancehall was a more sparse version of reggae than the roots style, which had dominated much of the 1970s. Two of the biggest stars of the early dancehall era were Yellowman and Eek-a-Mouse. Dancehall brought a new generation of producers, including Linval Thompson, Gussie Clarke and Jah Thomas. In the mid-1980s, digital instrumentation became more prevalent, changing the sound considerably, with digital dancehall (or "ragga") becoming increasingly characterized by faster rhythms. (The word "bashment", a term originating in the 1990s, was used to describe a particularly good dance; for example "to go to a bashment dance". In the Dancehall vernacular, "bashment" is therefore an adjective instead of a noun.)  - Reggae en Español (in English, Spanish Reggae) is reggae and dancehall music recorded in the Spanish language by artists of Latin American origin. It originated in the mid-1970s in Panama. "Reggae en Español" goes by several names: In Panama it is called "La Plena".  - Latin America is a group of countries and dependencies in the Americas where Romance languages are predominant. The term originated in 19th century France as "Amérique latine" to consider French-speaking territories in the Americas (Haiti, French Guiana, Martinique, Guadeloupe, Saint Martin, Saint Barthélemy) along with the larger group of countries where Spanish and Portuguese languages prevailed. It is therefore broader than the terms Ibero-America or Hispanic Americathough it usually excludes French Canada and modern French Louisiana.  - Latin Pop Airplay (also referred to as Latin Pop Songs) is a record chart published on "Billboard" magazine. It features Latin music information from pop music usually in Spanish. It was established by the magazine on October 8, 1994 with Mañana by Cristian Castro being the first song to reach number-one. This chart features only singles or tracks and like most "Billboard" charts, is based on airplay; the radio charts are compiled using information tracked by from Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems (BDS), which electronically monitors radio stations in more than 140 markets across the United States. The audience charts cross-reference BDS data with listener information compiled by the Arbitron ratings system to determine the approximate number of audience impressions made for plays in each daypart.    'rica y apretadita' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'record label'?  Choices: - album  - emi  - english  - france  - latin  - record  - reggae  - studio album
Answer: