Answer the following question: Information:  - A silver medal in sports and other similar areas involving competition is a medal made of, or plated with, silver awarded to the second-place finisher, or runner-up, of contests or competitions such as the Olympic Games, Commonwealth Games, etc. The outright winner receives a gold medal and the third place a bronze medal. More generally, silver is traditionally a metal sometimes used for all types of high-quality medals, including artistic ones.  - The 1900 Summer Olympics, today officially known as the Games of the II Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1900 in Paris, France, and the last Summer Olympics to be held in the 19th century. No opening or closing ceremonies were held; competitions began on May 14 and ended on October 28. The Games were held as part of the 1900 World's Fair. In total, 997 competitors took part in 19 different sports. Women took part in the games for the first time and sailor Hélène de Pourtalès became the first female Olympic champion. The decision to hold competitions on a Sunday brought protests from many American athletes, who travelled as representatives of their colleges and were expected to withdraw rather than compete on their religious day of rest.  - At the 1900 Summer Olympics, six of the archery events that took place in Paris, France, were considered Olympic, with 153 archers competing in them. The identities of 17 of those archers are known, though a number of those are known only by their surnames. It was the first time that archery was featured in the Olympics. All six events were for men. Only France, Belgium, and the Netherlands sent archers. None of the Dutch archers are known by name and none won any medals.  - Silver is the metallic element with the atomic number 47. Its symbol is Ag, from the Latin "", derived from the Greek "" (literally "shiny" or "white"), and ultimately from a Proto-Indo-European language root reconstructed as *"her-", "grey" or "shining". A soft, white, lustrous transition metal, it exhibits the highest electrical conductivity, thermal conductivity, and reflectivity of any metal. The metal is found in the Earth's crust in the pure, free elemental form ("native silver"), as an alloy with gold and other metals, and in minerals such as argentite and chlorargyrite. Most silver is produced as a byproduct of copper, gold, lead, and zinc refining. Silver is more abundant than gold, but it is much less abundant as a native metal. Its purity is typically measured on a per mille basis; a 94%-pure alloy is described as "0.940 fine".   - Hubert van Innis ( 24 February 1866 -- 25 November 1961 ) was a Belgian competitor in the sport of archery . Van Innis competed in four events and won two first prizes and a second prize , and is now considered by the International Olympic Committee to have won two gold medals and a silver medal . His wins came in the shorter events , the 33 metre sections of each of the Au Chapelet and Au Cordon Doré competitions . In the 50 metre Au Cordon Doré , van Innis finished second to Henri Hérouin by a score of 31 -- 29 , with Émile Fisseux close behind at 28 points . Van Innis had his worst of his four outings in the 50 metre Au Chapelet event , finishing in fourth place . He also lost to Hérouin in the Championnat du Monde event , 22 -- 16 , though that event is not considered Olympic by the IOC . At the 1920 Summer Olympics held in Antwerp , van Innis won four gold and two silver medals , bringing up his total Olympic medal count to six gold and three silver medals . He 's the most successful archer in Olympic history .  - A medal or medallion is, strictly speaking, a small, flat, and round (at times, ovoid) piece of metal that has been sculpted, molded, cast, struck, stamped, or some way marked with an insignia, portrait, or other artistic rendering. A medal may be awarded to a person or organization as a form of recognition for sporting, military, scientific, academic, or various other achievements. Military awards and decorations are more precise terms for certain types of state decoration. Medals may also be created for sale to commemorate particular individuals or events, or as works of artistic expression in their own right. In the past, medals commissioned for an individual, typically with their portrait, were often used as a form of diplomatic or personal gift, with no sense of being an award for the conduct of the recipient.  - Henri Louis Hérouin, Sr. (born 19 February 1876, date of death unknown) was a French competitor in the sport of archery. Hérouin won the first prize, and is now considered by the International Olympic Committee to have won the gold medal, in the 50 metre Au Cordon Doré event at the first Olympic appearance of archery, in the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris. His score of 31 put him 2 points above his closest competitor Hubert Van Innis.  - The Commonwealth Games (known as the British Empire Games from 19301950, the British Empire and Commonwealth Games from 19541966, and British Commonwealth Games from 19701974) is an international, multi-sport event involving athletes from the Commonwealth of Nations. The event was first held in 1930, and, with the exception of 1942 and 1946, which were cancelled due to World War II, has taken place every four years since then.  - International mostly means something (a company, language, or organization) involving more than a single country. The term international as a word means involvement of, interaction between or encompassing more than one nation, or generally beyond national boundaries. For example, international law, which is applied by more than one country and usually everywhere on Earth, and international language which is a language spoken by residents of more than one country.  - Switzerland, officially the Swiss Confederation, is a federal republic in Europe. It consists of 26 cantons, and the city of Bern is the seat of the federal authorities.  The country is situated in Western-Central Europe, and is bordered by Italy to the south, France to the west, Germany to the north, and Austria and Liechtenstein to the east. Switzerland is a landlocked country geographically divided between the Alps, the Swiss Plateau and the Jura, spanning an area of . While the Alps occupy the greater part of the territory, the Swiss population of approximately eight million people is concentrated mostly on the plateau, where the largest cities are to be found: among them are the two global cities and economic centres Zürich and Geneva.  - The International Olympic Committee (IOC; French: Comité international olympique, CIO) is the supreme authority of the worldwide Olympic movement. It is an international, non-profit, non-governmental organization based in Lausanne, Switzerland. Its mission is enshrined in the Olympic Charter: to support the development of competitive sport by ethical and environmentally sustainable means.  - Lausanne (, ) is a city in the French-speaking part of Switzerland, and the capital and biggest city of the canton of Vaud. The city is situated on the shores of Lake Geneva (or simply "Le Léman"). It faces the French town of Évian-les-Bains, with the Jura Mountains to its north-west. Lausanne is located northeast of Geneva.  - Émile Léon Fisseux (born 15 February 1868, date of death unknown) was a French competitor in the sport of archery. Fisseux competed in one event in Archery at the 1900 Summer Olympics, taking third place in the 50 metre Au Cordon Doré competition. His score of 28 points was one point behind the second-place archer, Hubert Van Innis, and three points behind the winner, Henri Hérouin. While Fisseux received no medal at the time, he is currently considered to be a bronze medallist by the International Olympic Committee.  - Paris (French: ) is the capital and most populous city of France. It has an area of and a population in 2013 of 2,229,621 within its administrative limits. The city is both a commune and department, and forms the centre and headquarters of the Île-de-France, or Paris Region, which has an area of and a population in 2014 of 12,005,077, comprising 18.2 percent of the population of France.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'hubert van innis' exhibits the relationship of 'country of citizenship'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - academic  - american  - austria  - belgium  - british  - british empire  - earth  - france  - germany  - switzerland
Answer: