News article:

These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. ||||| “Something does not seem to add up,” he said. 
  
 The complexities did not shake the authorities from their original premise — that the 18-year-old suffered a violent attack at a playground near her home. The father said the teenagers entered the playground brandishing a gun, and that he ran off, the officials said. Two minutes later, he returned and threw a bottle at the teenagers, to try to drive them off, but they chased him again, the officials said. When he returned 12 minutes later with police officers, the assailants were gone and his daughter was there, half clothed. 
  
 When she was interviewed, the woman told investigators she was raped by at least one of the suspects, the officials said. She was forced to perform oral sex on two others, they said, citing her account, and all of the suspects touched her breasts. 
  
 “The initial report, that all five of them raped her, is not looking like it happened that way,” one of the officials said. 
  
 Two of the suspects said a third suspect had sex with the woman. That suspect said he was present, but was on the phone, “and when he finished the call his friends were gone,” one of the officials said. 
  
 The woman did not report seeing a gun and so far, the suspects have denied they had one. The father and daughter were heavily intoxicated during the attack, the official said. 
  
 The official said the father lost custody of his daughter when she was 2. She was raised in another state, “out West,” by an adoptive family, one of the officials said. 
  
 “She reconnected with him last summer,” the official said. 
  
 Detectives found what the police said was “distant video” of the woman and her father walking into the playground, where they went to drink together after buying beer nearby, around 9 p.m. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Throughout Monday, investigators were hunkered down at a police building in Brooklyn, questioning the four suspects, as their colleagues searched the streets for a fifth suspect, the police said. But they turned up no independent witnesses who had seen or heard any parts of the attack, the police said, and had not recovered a gun either. 
  
 The woman had several recent physical injuries, Stephen P. Davis, the department’s top spokesman, told reporters on Monday afternoon. 
  
 “She had cuts and bruises and abrasions which are consistent with being physically attacked,” he said. 
  
 But Mr. Davis said it could take seven to 10 days for the results of a rape test performed on the woman to be known. “She had injuries consistent with an assault,” he said, declining to go into additional detail about any injuries associated with a sexual assault or rape. 
  
 Two of the suspects, ages 14 and 15, were taken to a Brooklyn precinct station house by their mothers on Sunday, a day after the police released surveillance video of a group of young men entering a deli before the attack. The police found the video around 2 p.m. on Saturday. After the mothers saw the video on television, they went to the police, Mr. Davis said. 
  
 The authorities then picked up a 15-year-old suspect for questioning, also on Sunday. A fourth suspect, 17, turned himself in, “knowing that we were looking for him,” Mr. Davis said. 
  
 The deli surveillance video has proved to be the best clue in an otherwise arduous investigation. Detectives began canvassing the area for video on Friday. Besides the distant footage of the father and daughter walking together into the playground, near where they live, the police also found distant video of five figures leaving the playground around the time of the attack. 
  
 Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. 
  
 “But it was nothing of any kind of value,” Mr. Davis said. From there, he said, investigators “moved out” and eventually came up with the video from Zaida Deli and Grocery. 
  
 A clerk there, Feliz Santos, said the five young men had come in around 8:45 p.m. on Thursday and bought 50-cent plastic bottles of Big Burst Fruit Punch. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 About 30 minutes later, though, workers at that deli and another apparently turned the woman’s father away in succession. 
  
 At Zaida Deli and Grocery, the father said only, “Gimme the phone,” Mr. Santos recalled, adding that he did not explain why. 
  
 Mr. Santos said he refused the man because he had no idea what he wanted and because the shop needed the phone for business. The father then continued on down the block. 
  
 The father stopped at Gaston Deli, two blocks from the playground, and asked to use the phone, again without explaining why or even saying that he wanted to call the police, said Sammy, a clerk there. Sammy, who said he was busy with customers, told him no. He added that the father seemed drunk. 
  
 “How he look, how he act, how he sway,” Sammy said. 
  
 Silent security footage from Gaston Deli captures the roughly 70 seconds he spent inside. Wearing jeans and a black-and-red coat, the father stopped and stood in the middle of the store as he motioned to the clerk and spoke with two customers. 
  
 One of the customers handed him a phone, but grabbed it away before he could start dialing. The father appears to speak to the clerk, lean toward the customer, and then haltingly leave. 
  
 The father’s actions remained difficult to account for, but a picture emerged on Monday of the dark and difficult circumstances the woman had been living under. Neighbors at an apartment complex near Osborn Playground said that her father had been an alcoholic for years. 
  
 They said he did not supervise a young son who often played in the trash-strewn hallway outside the door of his apartment, leaving his older children to look after the boy. Clusters of empty 24-ounce cans of King Cobra malt liquor strewn in the hallway and stairwell had been left by him, they said. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 “He’s like that, a drunk, yes,” said Bertha Payne, 44, who lives next door. She said he often knocked to beg for dollar bills and cigarettes. 
  
 Ms. Payne described the daughter as a kind and quiet young woman. 
  
 When Ms. Payne asked the father on Sunday how he was doing, she said he seemed baffled by the question. 
  
 “He said, ‘I have no idea what they’re doing around here,’ ” referring to the scrum of reporters and police officers nearby at the playground, Ms. Payne recalled. “He said, ‘I didn’t do nothing.’ ” 
  
 Mayor Bill de Blasio was informed of the crime on Sunday, a spokesman, Peter Kadushin, said. A day later, the mayor said he believed there had been no delay in the police response. But after talking to the police, Mr. Kadushin said, the mayor made clear his dissatisfaction with the department’s notification of the area’s residents. 
  
 “The mayor now believes strongly that the local community should have been informed sooner and has instructed the N.Y.P.D. to notify communities more quickly moving forward, whenever appropriate,” Mr. Kadushin said. 
  
 The 17-year-old suspect will be charged as an adult, because New York is one of two states that requires people 16 and older to have their cases handled in adult criminal court. But prosecutors have some discretion in deciding whether the cases of the younger suspects go to Family Court or Criminal Court. 
  
 Under New York law, someone who is 14 or 15 will be tried as an adult if he is charged with any of a list of the most serious crimes, including first-degree rape. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?