Write a summary based on this article:

Family Believes Kristi and Benjamin Strack Killed Children, Committed Suicide 
  
 Want more stories like this? Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers: sign me up Thank you for signing up! 
  
 Relatives of a family of five found dead last month in the upstairs bedroom of their Springville, Utah, home, tell PEOPLE exclusively that they believe Benjamin and Kristi Strack took their own lives and the lives of their three children because the couple suffered from long-term mental illness and substance-abuse disorders.The Stracks were found dead by an older son, Janson McGee, with cups of red liquid next to their bodies, on Sept. 27. The children – Benson, 14, Emery, 12, and Zion, 11 – were found lying on and around the bed, covered with blankets up to their necks, with empty bottles of liquid methadone and boxes of cold and flu medication nearby.Investigators have determined the cause of death to be accidental or intentional poisoning (autopsy results won't be released until the end of November), but Benjamin Strack's brother says the deaths were no accident.Isaac Strack, 39, says family members cleaning out the Stracks' home a few days after the grim discovery found a notebook with a letter inside, written by Benson Strack to one of his best friends. "It was pretty clear that it was a goodbye letter," says Strack. "It indicated that Benson was aware that something was going to happen. Benson at least had some idea that he might be found dead someday."He and other distraught family members say that looking back, they now realize that Benjamin, 37, and Kristi, 36, were showing signs of mental illness, especially in the weeks before their deaths. "They had isolated themselves from neighbors and some of the family," he says, "and it had been awhile since Ben had been to work."Isaac and another relative, Bob McGee, Janson's uncle, say that Benjamin and Kristi Strack were also exhibiting "irrational fear," afraid that something or someone was going to harm them."Their mental illness combined with substance-abuse disorder is what led to this tragedy," says Isaac. "Some of the changed behaviors before their deaths seemed out of place and didn't make sense at the time. But looking back now, they make sense. And now we want to speak out to prevent other people from having to endure what we are enduring."Extended family members believe that the couple were "victims of their minds," says McGee, with their mental illness caused and made worse by drug use. "This one action does not define the Ben and Kristi that we remember," he says. "They were caught in a vicious cycle that many people face in this world. There needs to be a greater sense of dialogue and urgency in our country regarding mental illness. It is simply a disease of the mind, and like any disease, we should work to cure it and prevent it."Lt. David Caron of the Springville Police Department told PEOPLE that while he appreciates the family members' concerns for people suffering from mental illness, it would be inappropriate to make any comment concerning the case."Our contacts with the family were fairly limited in scope," he said. "Therefore I would defer to the family members who both knew and loved Ben and Kristi, and who are grappling with the sorrow caused by this tragic event." ||||| SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Relatives of five Utah family members found dead in a locked bedroom last month suspected the deaths weren't accidental, and revelations that poison likely killed them confirmed their suspicions, according to a statement released Thursday. 
  
 A vigil is held for the Strack family at Pioneer Park in Provo, Utah after the family of five who were mysteriously found dead in their Springville home last Saturday. A Springville Police news release... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this, Sept. 28, 2014, file photo, shows the home where five Utah family members found dead in their home, in Springville, Utah. Police say the deaths of five members of a Utah family whose bodies... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Oct. 2, 2014 file photo, flowers and photos are on display during a vigil for the Strack family at Pioneer Park in Provo, Utah. Relatives of five Utah family members found dead in a locked... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this, Sept. 28, 2014, file photo, shows the home where five Utah family members found dead in their home, in Springville, Utah. Police say the deaths of five members of a Utah family whose bodies... (Associated Press) 
  
 A vigil is held for the Strack family at Pioneer Park in Provo after the family of five who were mysteriously found dead in their Springville home last Saturday. A Springville Police news release identified... (Associated Press) 
  
 A vigil is held for the Strack family at Pioneer Park in Provo after the family of five who were mysteriously found dead in their Springville home last Saturday. A Springville Police news release identified... (Associated Press) 
  
 Jacob Strack said his family is struggling after learning from search warrants Wednesday that police found cups with a red liquid inside next to each of the bodies, some of which appeared to have been positioned after death. Empty packages of methadone and cold medicine were in the family's trash. 
  
 Benjamin and Kristi Strack were found Sept. 27 in a bed with three of their children, ages 11 to 14, lying around them tucked into bedding up to their necks. Kristi Strack had a red liquid coming out of her mouth. 
  
 The family was shocked and upset by the information, but it unfortunately confirmed their fears, according to a statement from Jacob Strack, who is Benjamin Strack's brother and is acting as a family spokesman. He declined to elaborate, saying the relatives are working with the National Alliance on Mental Illness to release more information later. 
  
 The bodies were found by the couple's older son and Kristi Strack's mother, who said she couldn't believe "she" would do this to the kids but wouldn't elaborate, according to the search warrants. 
  
 Court records show the couple had a history of legal and financial problems, and had gone through court-ordered drug treatment several years ago. The methadone found in the home had been dispensed by a drug treatment clinic, the search warrants said. Methadone is a prescription drug used for decades to treat drug addiction, but is increasing prescribed for pain, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
  
 But the Stracks' troubles appeared to be behind them, said Alex Short, owner at AK Masonry, a bricklaying company where Benjamin Strack worked. 
  
 "When he came over, he was kind of at the tail end of all those problems," said Short, who employed Benjamin Strack for about seven years on-and-off. He was at times a solid employee, but would occasionally stop showing up for work for periods of time, explaining his absences by saying he was doing things for his wife, Short said Thursday. He hadn't been at work for more than a week when he died. 
  
 Police in Springville are awaiting toxicology results next month that could pinpoint an exact cause of death, and speculating before then would be unprofessional, said Lt. David Caron in a statement Thursday. 
  
 Investigators found empty methadone bottles, 10 empty boxes of nighttime cold medicine and two boxes of allergy medicine in the family's garbage, along with a red liquid substance in Pepsi cups. They also found a pitcher of red juice, a purple bucket with yellow liquid, a bag of marijuana and other medications, including sleeping pills. 
  
 Methadone can be lethal when taken in excess. Thousands of people die each year from methadone overdoses, according to the CDC. 
  
 The couple also has an older son, whose girlfriend also lived with the family. She was the last to see Kristi Strack alive at 6 a.m. The girlfriend went back to sleep after talking with her, and the house was quiet when the couple left that afternoon. 
  
 When the older son and his girlfriend returned at 7 p.m. and found it still quiet even though all the cars were in the driveway, they knocked on the master bedroom door. After no one answered, the couple called Kristi Strack's mother and her friend, who helped them force it open. 
  
 The five were identified as Benjamin Strack, 37, his wife, Kristi, 36, and three of their children: Benson, 14, Emery, 12, and Zion, 11. 
  
 Springville is a city of about 30,000 near Provo, about 45 miles south of Salt Lake City. |||||

Summary: