Please answer the following question: Information:  - Korea is a historical state in East Asia, since 1945 divided into two distinct sovereign states: North Korea (officially the "Democratic People's Republic of Korea") and South Korea (officially the "Republic of Korea"). Located on the Korean Peninsula, Korea is bordered by China to the northwest and Russia to the northeast. It is separated from Japan to the east by the Korea Strait and the East Sea.  - East Asia is the eastern subregion of the Asian continent, which can be defined in either geographical or ethno-cultural terms. Geographically and geopolitically, it includes China, Hong Kong, and Macao; Mongolia and Taiwan; North and South Korea; and Japan; it covers about , or about 28% of the Asian continent, about twice the area of Europe.  - A metropolis is a large city or conurbation which is a significant economic, political, and cultural center for a country or region, and an important hub for regional or international connections, commerce, and communications. The term is Greek and means the "mother city" of a colony (in the ancient sense), that is, the city which sent out settlers. This was later generalized to a city regarded as a center of a specified activity, or any large, important city in a nation.  - Gwangju is the sixth largest city in South Korea. It is a designated metropolitan city under the direct control of the central government's Home Minister. The city was also the capital of South Jeolla Province until the provincial office moved to the southern village of Namak in Muan County in 2005.  - South Gyeongsang Province is a province in the southeast of South Korea. The provincial capital is at Changwon. It is adjacent to the major metropolitan center and port of Busan. There is UNESCO World Heritage Site Haeinsa, a Buddhist temple that houses the "Tripitaka Koreana" and attracts many tourists. Automobile and petrochemical factories are largely concentrated along the southern part of the province, extending from Ulsan through Busan, Changwon, and Jinju.  - Masan was a former capital city of South Gyeongsang Province, South Korea. The city is located in the coastal region along the Masan Bay (, "Masan-man"), approximately 35 km away from Busan westward. It was known for a textile industry, and now Hite Brewery is one of its major local business. Since 2010, two neighbor cities and Masan have been united into Changwon .  - Seoul ()  officially the Seoul Special City  is the capital and largest metropolis of the Republic of Korea (commonly known as South Korea), forming the heart of the Seoul Capital Area, which includes the surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province, the world's 16th largest city. It is home to over half of all South Koreans along with 678,102 international residents.  - Samnangjin (also spelled Samrangjin) or Samnangjin-eup, is an "eup", or town, in Miryang City, Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea. It is composed of thirteen "ri". Samnangjin lies in the southeastern corner of Miryang, bordering Wondong-myeon in Yangsan City.   - Incheon (formerly romanized as Inchon; literally "kind river"), officially the Incheon Metropolitan City(), is a city located in northwestern South Korea, bordering Seoul and Gyeonggi to the east. Inhabited since the New Stone Age, Incheon was home to just 4,700 people when it became an international port in 1883. Today, about 3 million people live in the city, making it Koreas third most populous city after Seoul and Busan. The city's growth has been assured in modern times with the development of its port due to its natural advantages as a coastal city and its proximity to the South Korean capital. It is part of the Seoul Capital Area, along with Seoul itself and Gyeonggi Province, forming the world's second largest metropolitan area by population.  - The KTX-I or simply KTX, also known as TGV-K, is a South Korean high speed train class based on the French TGV Réseau. The 20-car formation of the trainsets without restaurant car is optimized for high capacity. The 46 trainsets were built partly in France and partly in South Korea in the framework of a technology transfer agreement, which was the basis for further domestic high-speed train development in South Korea.  - Busan;, officially Busan Metropolitan City(), romanized as Pusan before 2000, is South Korea's second most-populous city after Seoul, with a population of approximately 3.6 million. The population of the metropolitan area, including the adjacent cities of Gimhae and Yangsan, is approximately 4.6 million. The city is located on the southeastern-most tip of the Korean peninsula.  - TGV ("high-speed train") is France's intercity high-speed rail service, operated by SNCF, the national rail operator. It was developed in the 1970s by GEC-Alsthom and SNCF. Originally designed as turbotrains to be powered by gas turbines, the prototypes evolved into electric trains with the 1973 oil crisis. Following the inaugural service between Paris and Lyon in 1981 on the "LGV Sud-Est" ("LGV") (high-speed line), the network, centred on Paris, has expanded to connect main cities across France and in adjacent countries on combinations of high-speed and conventional lines.  - The Gyeongjeon Line ("Gyeongjeonseon") is a railway line serving South Gyeongsang and South Jeolla Provinces in South Korea. It covers a total of 300.6 km, from Samnangjin Station in Miryang, South Gyeongsang, to Gwangju·Songjeong Station in Gwangju, South Jeolla.  - Samnangjin Station is a railway station on Gyeongbu Line and Gyeongjeon Line.  - Miryang, often spelled Milyang, is a city in Gyeongsangnam-do Province, South Korea. Neighboring cities include Changnyeong to the west, Cheongdo to the north, Ulsan to the east, and Yangsan, Gimhae, and Changwon to the south. The city bird is the Korean magpie, the city tree is the pine, and the city flower is the royal azalea.  - South Korea, officially the Republic of Korea (ROK), is a sovereign state in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula.  - A sovereign state is, in international law, a nonphysical juridical entity that is represented by one centralised government that has sovereignty over a geographic area. International law defines sovereign states as having a permanent population, defined territory, one government, and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states. It is also normally understood that a sovereign state is neither dependent on nor subjected to any other power or state.  - Changwon is the capital city of Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea. Changwon is the 8th most populated city in South Korea, with an established population of 1,089,039 people in 2010. It encompasses a land area of on the southeastern coast of South Korea. The population of southeastern Korea, including the city of Busan, is more than 6,478,000. Changwon is known as a heavy industrial city. The city only covers 7% of Gyeongsangnam-do province, also known as Gyeongnam, but holds 33.6% of its population; it also accounted for 38.5% of the total 2.1821 trillion won budget of the Gyeongnam province.  - Changwon Station is a train station in Changwon , southeast South Korea . It is on Gyeongjeon Line and Jinhae Line . KTX service from Seoul to Masan started with KTX - I / KTX - II trains on December 15 , 2010 , with Seoul -- Changwon travel times between 2 hours 52 minutes and 2 hours 55 minutes .  - The Korean Peninsula is a peninsula in East Asia. It extends southwards for about from continental Asia into the Pacific Ocean and is surrounded by the Sea of Japan (East Sea) to the east, and the Yellow Sea (West Sea) to the west, the Korea Strait connecting the first two bodies of water.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'changwon station' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1  - activity  - age  - agreement  - bay  - bird  - budget  - capital  - city  - class  - coast  - colony  - continent  - conurbation  - formation  - gas  - geographical  - government  - high speed train  - international law  - korea  - law  - line  - metropolis  - metropolitan  - metropolitan area  - mother  - ocean  - peninsula  - port  - province  - railway line  - railway station  - region  - republic  - restaurant  - river  - sea  - sense  - service  - sovereign state  - state  - station  - strait  - subregion  - temple  - territory  - the city  - town  - train  - tree  - world heritage site
A: