News article:

After a week off to parts unknown, John Oliver is back and he brought the big guns on the latest edition of his addictive HBO series Last Week Tonight. The big segment concerned professional sports stadiums—mainly, how sports franchises are ripping off the public by financing their souped-up arenas with billions of dollars in taxpayer money even though the franchises themselves are profitable, they’re owned by billionaires, and they don’t boost the economy of their host city. 
  
 But prior to that 19-minute investigation, Oliver aired his “And Now This” segment, and this week’s was titled, “Whoopi Goldberg Defends Ten Surprising Things.” 
  
 The montage of clips was no doubt pegged to Goldberg’s continued defense of accused serial rapist Bill Cosby. Goldberg has arguably been Cosby’s most vocal supporter not named Camille throughout this horrifying ordeal in which over 40 women over the years 1965-2008 have accused Cosby of drugging and sexually assaulting them. Last week, the Associated Press published unsealed Cosby testimony from a 2005 civil suit wherein the comedian admitted to the following: drugging a 19-year-old woman for the purpose of sex; obtaining seven prescriptions for Quaaludes to administer to women for the purpose of sex; asking his agent at William Morris to pay off a woman “no questions asked”; and offering to pay for one of his rape accusers’ educations when she and her mother asked him for an apology. 
  
 Despite this eye-opening reveal, Goldberg lowered her head and soldiered on in her defense of Cosby, saying she “doesn’t like snap judgments,” “he has not been proven a rapist,” and cracking dismissive jokes about how “the ‘80s weren’t fun for everybody, clearly.” 
  
 So Oliver, as is his wont, thoroughly embarrassed Goldberg with a supercut of things she’s defended—mostly while serving as co-host of daytime talk show The View—including Roman Polanski (“I don’t believe it was rape-rape”); Ray Rice (“If you hit somebody, you cannot be sure you are not going to get hit back”); CIA torture (“There are other countries that have done it, and it’s reaped quite the benefits for them”); the list goes on.Watch it here: ||||| Whoopi Goldberg in April 2015. (Photo: Andy Kropa/Invision/AP) 
  
 Bill Cosby's last prominent public supporter, Whoopi Goldberg, dramatically changed her mind on Tuesday. 
  
 After taking intense heat for defending him as "innocent until proven guilty" of allegations he raped and drugged dozens of women over decades, Goldberg concluded on The View that there is no legal way to prove his guilt. 
  
 Therefore, she said, he can only be tried in the court of public opinion, as is happening at the moment. 
  
 "And I gotta say all the information out there kind of points to guilt," she said. "I can't say anymore, 'innocent until proven guilty' because there's no way to prove it. 
  
 "It looks bad, Bill," she said, addressing Cosby. 
  
 The Wrap had the video. 
  
 Goldberg, who says she's gotten death threats for her stance up to now on Cosby, brought on ABC legal analyst Dan Abrams to discuss Cosby, interviewing him about how the criminal justice system handles rape allegations and state statutes of limitation. 
  
 “I’ve got to say, all of the information that’s out there kind of points to guilt.” -@WhoopiGoldberg on #BillCosbypic.twitter.com/X1cWNfEJHz — The View (@TheView) July 14, 2015 
  
 Someone is innocent until proven guilty in the U.S. justice system, but this only applies when someone is arrested, charged and is tried, Abrams said. 
  
 That hasn't happened with Cosby and probably won't because the allegations against him are so old they fall outside the statutes of limitation. If the public objects, the public has to pressure state legislatures to change the law, he said. 
  
 "If you want to do something you say to your legislators, women should be able to come forward when they decide to come forward, not forced into a particular time frame," Abrams said. "You have to change the laws." 
  
 Glad Whoopi Goldberg has finally come to terms that Bill Cosby is a rapist. — Eddie (@eddieb2) July 14, 2015 
  
 Meanwhile, he said, the public is entitled to conclude that Cosby is guilty of the allegations against him, especially since the accusations seem compelling. "It's impossible to ignore the consistency of these stories," he said. 
  
 Goldberg said she now understands better that under the current legal system, the women who have accused Cosby have no other recourse except to do what they are doing — attempt to try him in the media. 
  
 "There's nothing that can be done legally," Goldberg said. "All that's left is the court of public opinion." 
  
 But, she added, it would have been better for all of the accusers if they had come forward earlier. Some of the women say they were sexually assaulted by Cosby in the 1960s. 
  
 "I say to women, if something happens, don't wait because it can make it harder to prove your case later," she said. 
  
 Director Judd Apatow has been almost as critical of Goldberg as he has of the accused Cosby, imploring her in public to believe the accusers. Comedian John Oliver last week attacked Goldberg, comparing her defense of Cosby to defending torture or Mel Gibson. 
  
 So far, neither has tweeted a reaction to Goldberg's 180. 
  
 Goldberg was not alone in switching sides. Joseph C. Phillips, the actor who played Cosby's son-in-law on The Cosby Show, parted ways with some of his fellow castmembers (such as Phylicia Rashad) in declaring on his website that he thinks Cosby is guilty even though he still loves him. 
  
 "Honestly, that phrase may not be enough to sufficiently describe my feelings for Bill. He was my boyhood idol. His influence on my life has been profound. I owe much of who I am to Bill Cosby," wrote Phillips, who describes himself on Twitter as a Christian conservative. 
  
 But he was persuaded of Cosby's guilt when a mutual old friend tearfully told him she had been assaulted by Cosby. Phillips said he was not prepared to dismiss Cosby's brilliance or his legacy, but he had some advice for the man he still admires. 
  
 "Bill, you have a family who loves you, a wife who is devoted to you; you have more money than you can spend. Please, go live a quiet country life. Allow those of us who truly love you to preserve just a bit of our enchantment." 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1IYf20Q ||||| Whoopi Goldberg admitted that the evidence against comedian Bill Cosby is overwhelming on Tuesday’s episode of “The View,” with the comedian saying, “If this is to be tried in the court of public opinion, I got to say all of the information that’s out there kind of points to guilt.” 
  
 As recently as last week, Goldberg maintained that Cosby should be considered innocent until proven guilty. 
  
 But during a discussion with ABC News’ chief legal analyst Dan Abrams, he explained that there is virtually no legal recourse at this point for Cosby’s accusers as the statute of limitations has expired for them to press criminal charges. 
  
 Also Read: 'Cosby Show' Actor Declares, 'Of Course Bill Cosby Is Guilty!' 
  
 “I always thought that rape cases were open-ended,” Goldberg said. “What we have learned is there’s no recourse for these women except what they’re doing.” 
  
 “Now, again, I always thought they would have the opportunity to take him to court,” Goldberg said. “I do think that we can say to women if something happens, don’t wait because what waiting does, it can make it harder to prove your case. If you want to get an ass– bonehead off the street, if you want to get him off the street, we need you to step out and if you step out then he can be put away.” 
  
 “You got a serial rapist, he’s been on the streets for 30 years,” Goldberg continued. “I have to say I thought that, ‘Yeah, here’s all the information, take his ass to jail. I find out from you that that’s not possible. So I can’t say any more ‘innocent until proven guilty’ because there’s no way to prove it.” 
  
 Also Read: The Fall of Bill Cosby: A Timeline of His Descent From Beloved 'Superstar' to Accused Sex Offender 
  
 Both Abrams and Goldberg encouraged people to write to their legislators to reform state rape statutes. “You say to your legislators, ‘Rape is a crime that shouldn’t have a statute of limitations. Women should be able to come forward when they decide to. They shouldn’t be forced into a particular time frame,'” Abrams said. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?