News article:

NEWARK -- A man who walked into a secure area triggered a terminal-wide lockdown at Newark Liberty International Airport tonight, grounding outgoing planes and forcing several thousands of passengers to wait for hours for re-screening, transportation authorities said. 
  
 The incident occurred nine days after a failed terrorist attack on a Detroit-bound plane heightened tensions at the nation’s airports and increased security restrictions. 
  
 Transportation Security Administration and airline officials said an unidentified man walked through a checkpoint exit around 5:20 p.m. 
  
 TSA spokeswoman Ann Davis said the agency was reviewing video from airport cameras at the terminal and was not sure whether the man went out the wrong way and then went back, or never went through screening. 
  
 "A male individual was observed walking the wrong way down an exit lane in Terminal C at Newark Liberty Airport," Davis said. "TSA was notified and we immediately halted screening at the security checkpoints in Terminal C and worked with the Port Authority to pull the surveillance tapes in the area to determine what transpired and see if we could identify the individual in question." 
  
 The individual had not been located by late tonight, the TSA said. 
  
 Rescreening began around 10:30 p.m., with passengers allowed to approach in groups of 25. 
  
 John Kelly, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates Newark Liberty, said the agency’s police were assisting the TSA. 
  
 The incident immediately put a halt to all flights out of the terminal, including those with passengers who had already boarded and were awaiting takeoff on a cold, gusty night that already was causing delays. 
  
 Outbound flights in Terminal C, which mainly serves Continental Airlines, were held and passenger screening was halted. Around 7:45 pm, the TSA and Port Authority started moving passengers from the so-called "sterile side" of the terminal to the public side to await rescreening. 
  
 Aasmund and Line Skaar, who were returning to Houston from a visit with family in Norway, were in their seats with their two children aboard Continental Flight 405 when their flight was held. They remained on the aircraft for four hours before they were forced to get off and return to the terminal. 
  
 "It’s total chaos," Line Skaar said. 
  
 Her husband said no one had given them any information about what was going on. "There have been different contradictory messages," he remarked. 
  
 Tom Nicolicchia of Flanders said he was returning home with four relatives on Continental Flight 1434 from Arizona, and they waited on the tarmac for about an hour before they were allowed to get off the plane. He said there was precious little information on the plane and people were calling relatives to find out what was happening. 
  
 "The pilot said it was a security breach ... he told people with TVs that if they found out to let him know," Nicolicchia said. 
  
 In fact there was little official news from anyone in charge. Most stranded passengers were learning about the problems from news broadcasts on terminal video monitors, or from their cell phones or BlackBerrys. Many were clustered around available electric outlets charging their devices after hours of use. 
  
 Jared Weaver of Ohio was charging his phone whil waiting for a flight to Akron. Earlier in the day, he had dropped his girlfriend off at a Coast Guard base in Virginia. Wind caused a three-hour delay in his connecting flight from Norfolk, Va., to Newark. 
  
 "I was 14 minutes from boarding," Weaver said. As the lines crawled around 10 p.m., he said his only plans were to sleep and find contact lens solution. 
  
 Sitting on the floor near a baggage carousel, Debbie and Todd Wilson of Huntington Beach, Calif., tried to keep their 2-year-old son Ben occupied as they waited. They were returning home after visiting family in Tinton Falls and had been waiting to board their flight at Gate 133 when they learned there might be a problem. 
  
 "It got real quiet when it came on the news," said Debbie Wilson. She added initial reports indicated only that there would be no flights coming in or out, but everyone assumed it was weather-related. Then they started to see a lot of security personnel. 
  
 Dipti Dua of Sterling, Va., was at the terminal’s security area seeing family off on a flight to India when they were all pushed down to the lower level. 
  
 "They made us form a line which no longer exists," she said. 
  
 Meanwhile, a group of singers and songwriters from Nashville traveling to Mumbai, India, generated some smiles from other dispirited passengers when one pulled out a guitar and they all started singing Creedence Clearwater Revival’s "Bad Moon Rising." When they were done, the second floor of the terminal erupted in applause. 
  
 "Everybody seemed a little down," explained Josh Wilson, 26, the guitarist. 
  
 Gov. Jon Corzine on Thursday said the state had increased security measures for the holiday weekend, following the botched attempt to blow up the Detroit-bound airliner. The actions were a precaution, he said, noting there is no known threat to air traffic into and out of the state’s airports. He indicated security personnel and procedures would be heightened as a precaution at Newark Liberty, train stations and NJ Transit facilities. 
  
 Corzine could not be reached last night for comment. 
  
 According to Davis, a security officer should have been staffing the exit lane, as part of standard protocol. 
  
 "TSA is reviewing the circumstances to find out exactly what happened — and will take any disciplinary action as necessary," the TSA spokeswoman said. 
  
 Hours after the lockdown, passengers were again being re-screened through security so they could board or reboard their flights. Scott Kaczmarek of Seattle, visiting friends and family in Morris Plains, was waiting on a long, slow-moving security line. 
  
 "My flight is supposed to go out at 11," he said. "I don’t see that has happening." 
  
 Erin Crabb, also waiting to board Continental Flight 1834 to Seattle, was told by airline agents that no flight would leave until everyone was able to get back through security. 
  
 "Even if we get there soon, we still have to wait for everyone else," she said, as the departure monitors showed nearly all flights delayed hours behind schedule. 
  
 By Carly Rothman and Ted Sherman/The Star-Ledger 
  
 Staff writer Mike Frassinelli contributed to this report. ||||| (CNN) -- Hours after a security breach forced the closure of a terminal at the Newark, New Jersey, airport Sunday, authorities were still searching for a man who went the wrong way through a checkpoint exit. 
  
 The incident happened at about 5:20 p.m. at Terminal C, when an individual walked from the public side to the secure "sterile" side for passengers who had cleared screening, according to the Transportation Security Administration. 
  
 No flights were allowed to leave from Terminal C Sunday evening and thousands of other travelers who had reached the sterile area after going through checkpoints were moved back to the public area to be re-screened, the TSA said. 
  
 Authorities are reviewing video from airport cameras. They are not sure whether the man was once on the sterile side and went back, or if he never went through screening, TSA spokeswoman Anne Davis said. 
  
 Watch more about the situation in Newark 
  
 The incident caused arrival delays and mainly affected Continental Airlines, which is the airport's largest tenant. 
  
 CNN's Alina Cho, who arrived at the airport Saturday night on a flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, described the hectic scene: "For the people who are hoping to fly out of Newark this evening, there is not a lot of movement." 
  
 She said many passengers who had already boarded outgoing flights had to get off planes to be re-screened. 
  
 "I just saw one woman pleading with a gate agent, saying that she had two small children and a heart condition -- that she simply could not take this," Cho said. "But of course, there will be no exceptions." 
  
 Flying Continental? Important company notice 
  
 Newark Liberty International Airport, which is about 15 miles from Manhattan, is the second-largest hub for Continental. 
  
 The airport handles about 35 million passengers a year. 
  
  
  
 CNN's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?