Article:

On Tuesday, May 29th 2018, Sherrell "Rell" Lewis Jr was killed on Highway 171 near Leesville, Louisiana when he was struck by a vehicle. Rell had pulled over to remove debris from the highway in hopes of preventing accidents. Matthew Martin was the one who struck him and proceeded to brag about it in racist rant on snapchat. Rell was a stand up guy who was staple in his community. He always was the emodiment of positivity and righteousness. 
  
  
  
 This was started with permission from Sherrell's sister, Shotoya. Shotoya is the beneficiary and the funds are going to be used to help keep Rell's dream, Sonny Boy's Barber and Beauty, alive and well. 
  
  
  
 Please share and donate if you can. 
  
 Share Tweet 340 shares on Facebook shares on Facebook ||||| A screen grab of a SnapChat conversation about the death of a black man on a Louisiana highway. (Photo: SnapChat) 
  
 People on social media are calling for justice in the wake of Sherell Lewis Jr.'s death. 
  
 Lewis, of Leesville, was fatally struck Tuesday afternoon by 18-year-old Matthew Martin while he was on a Louisiana highway helping remove debris from the road. 
  
 Within a day, photos of a Snapchat post allegedly made by Martin had gone viral and sparked outrage across social media. The posts refer to Lewis as "some n-----" and express much more concern about damage to Martin's Chevy truck than the fatality. 
  
 Called "Rell" by friends and family, Lewis was a barber who was well known in the community for his generosity with local youth. He turned 31 on Tuesday. 
  
 MORE: Friend says Sherell Lewis 'was a good guy' who 'liked changing people's lives' 
  
 Friends and family expressed their disbelief and sadness at his death and shared memories of their community barber. 
  
 @shoegeek29 I’m still in disbelief. I can’t believe you’re gone. You’re the most positive, happy, supportive, just all around genuinely good person I know! I’m really hurt by this and I don’t understand it like why you?!? #JusticeForRellpic.twitter.com/JmSggc7gNT — Coliee Cole (@Nycoliee) May 30, 2018 
  
 This man meant a lot to the community here. He was at every event, school function, games, graduation all that. Most of all man he cared about us everytime we went into the barber shop he would give us advice and talk to us💯 #JusticeForRell#Justice4Rellpic.twitter.com/OUbzxLy3ck — zayraw_ (@xavier_evans3) May 30, 2018 
  
 Rest in peace to my man Rell, he was truly a great person and he put his best efforts into everything he did. I remember sitting in the barber shop waiting forever just to get a cut from him.😔 #JUSTICEFORRELL — Yanner Tates❗ (@yates__21) May 30, 2018 
  
 Throwback Thursday! S/O to our barber @shoegeek29 ! You can rest easy man your brothers will make sure your name is heard! SHERELL LEWIS! #JUSTICE4RELLpic.twitter.com/fZtQRsY4KA — Green-Eyed Demon (41-33) (@KingDJohnson) May 31, 2018 
  
 #prosecutematthew#JUSTICEFORRELL 🙌🏽 
  
  
  
 lord i ask that you pls wrap your arms around family & friends. a loved one was lost yesterday by a white man that thinks its funny cause he was the one to hit him. Rell just turnt 31, life is too short. We love you & will get justice ❤️ pic.twitter.com/1GT1TCmBRQ — C$ (@CionnaMarie) May 30, 2018 
  
 Under the hashtag #Justice4Rell, others called for action and commented on the larger issue of racism, urging change. 
  
 A genuine soul was killed today by a hateful bigot.. I need the law to get this right cause if they don't, it will be handled.. one way or another. #JusticeForRell. pic.twitter.com/7ZFMWNeie6 — deshun.™ (@seedeshun) May 30, 2018 
  
 My heart is breaking for Sherrell Lewis, his family, and America. 
  
  
  
 White folks who now feel free to say and do what they want to people of color are in for some serious reckoning. This cannot continue without consequence. https://t.co/C51jPlMu7C via @TheRoot — Clarence Patton (@cpattonbkny) May 31, 2018 
  
 Everybody being supportive on twitter, Facebook, Instagram please be supportive in real life because something needs to be done. It’s sad that black people have to suffer because white people literally don’t care about what they do to us #JUSTICEFORRELL — Moneybagg Kearra🤪 (@irrakearra) May 30, 2018 
  
 Some focused on Martin and called for law enforcement to take action against him. 
  
 Vernon Parish please do not let Rell down, do NOT stop until Matthew is put away! #JusticeForRell — sky✨ (@skylaarms) May 30, 2018 
  
 Only in Vernon Parish can you kill someone with a vehicle, slander them and brag about it on Snapchat and get sympathy. Gtfo. This kid is a racist prick who needs to be prosecuted.#JusticeForRell — Megatron's Malevolent Mermaid (@MidnightsFury) May 30, 2018 
  
 More on Sherell Lewis Jr. 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://www.thetowntalk.com/story/news/local/2018/06/01/sherell-lewis-jr-matthew-martin-louisiana-highway-death-snapchat-social-media-reaction/664711002/ ||||| Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| The photo of this Snapchat conversation about the May 29, 2018, death of a black man on U.S. 171 south of Leesville, La., has been altered to blur the racial slur and curse words. (Photo: SnapChat) 
  
 LEESVILLE, La. — A pickup truck hit and killed a 31-year-old black man who was being a Good Samaritan as he tried to remove dangerous debris from a roadway in a community south of here. 
  
 His name was Sherell "Rell" Lewis of Leesville. Tuesday, the day of the accident, was his birthday. 
  
 He was a barber who was well known here for his generosity with local youth. His death was devastating. 
  
 But what happened next sent shock waves across social media. 
  
 Matthew Martin, 18, of Hineston, La. was the driver of the 2003 Chevy truck that hit Lewis on U.S. 171 north of Pickering, according to the Louisiana State Police. The area is about 200 miles northwest of New Orleans. 
  
 ► June 1: Public reacts on social media, calls for justice for Sherell Lewis Jr. 
  
 ► May 30: Snapchat post sparks outrage after 'Good Samaritan' killed in crash 
  
 ► May 29: Leesville man removing road debris hit, killed 
  
 After the collision, Martin reportedly posted a social media video of his dented truck, using several laughing emojis and the caption, “y’all i just hit a whole guy on the highway.” Police have not confirmed that Martin was behind the posts, but the account was in his name. 
  
 When asked what Martin hit, in a Snapchat conversation, he responded: 
  
 Martin: Some ni--er 
  
 Friend: How did the chevy take it? 
  
 Martin: F---ed it up pretty good lol 
  
 Friend: It’ll buff out. Did the guy die on impact or what 
  
 Martin: No he died otw to the hospital 
  
 Vernon Parish Sheriff Sam Craft said his office has been contacted numerous times about the posts. He addressed concerns over social media posts allegedly from Martin. 
  
 In a Facebook post, Craft said he was "appalled" by the posts, which contain a racial slur and show a shockingly cavalier attitude about the fatality. But such "morally and socially unacceptable" language does not constitute a crime. 
  
 ► May 2: White nationalist convicted of beating during Charlottesville rally 
  
 ► Dec. 14: Driver charged with first-degree murder in Charlottesville car attack 
  
 Lewis was pronounced dead at Byrd Regional Hospital in Leesville. Martin was not injured and has not been charged. 
  
 Routine toxicology tests are pending. Louisiana State Police are still investigating the crash. 
  
 The funeral for Lewis is pending, according to Labby Memorial Funeral Homes in Leesburg. A GoFundMe page created Friday had raised a little more than $300 as of Saturday night and will benefit Lewis' sister. 
  
 Follow The (Lafayette, La.) Daily Advertiser on Twitter: @theadvertiser 
  
 Sherell Lewis Jr., 31, of Leesville, La., is seen with two of his friends, Jerome Williams, left, and Dominic Hackett, right. Lewis died May 29, 2018, after a pick-up truck hit him on U.S. 171 south of Leesville. Snapchat posts that the driver of the truck, Matthew Martin, apparently made have created a social-media furor because he used a racial slur to describe Lewis and appeared more concerned about his vehicle than the man's death. (Photo: Courtesy/Dominic Hackett) 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2LUmzDC |||||
What is a summary?