Sometimes there are those days when everything just seems to drop into place. Those who need a goal are confident and clinical, those paid to keep them out are focused and alert; and Aston Villa are in town. Theo Walcott invited ninth-month-old son Finley along to his first game and was able to mark the occasion with his first goal in the Barclays Premier League for more than a year. 'In the second half, I can't think of a more one-sided game,' said Walcott, swept up in the euphoria of a fifth successive win, and the joy of being fit. Olivier Giroud chips the ball over the on-rushing Brad Guzan to score the opening goal of the game for Arsenal. Mesut Ozil fires in the Gunners' second goal after a well-timed through ball from Giroud. Theo Walcott bends in Arsenal's third goal of the afternoon after being set up by Santi Cazorla. Santi Cazorla scores Arsenal's fourth goal from the penalty spot, Guzan got a hand to it but couldn't keep it out. Hector Bellerin guides the ball into the back of the net from distance for Arsenal's fifth and final goal. Arsenal (4-2-3-1): Ospina 7; Bellerin 7.5, Mertesacker 7, Koscielny 7, Monreal 7; Coquelin 7.5, Ramsey 7 (Flamini 77, 6.5), Walcott 7 (Rosicky 70, 6.5), Cazorla 9, Ozil 8.5; Giroud (Akpom 70, 7). Subs not used: Szczesny, Gibbs, Gabriel, Chambers. Scorers: Giroud, Ozil, Walcott, Cazorla, Bellerin. Aston Villa (4-3-3): Guzan 6.5; Hutton 5.5, Clark 5.5, Okore 5.5, Richardson 6; Sanchez 4 (Westwood 76, 5), Delph 6, Cleverley 5 (Agbonlahor 66, 5); Gil 6, Weimann 5.5 (Sinclair 66, 5), Benteke 6. Subs not used: Baker, Bacuna, Cissokho, Given. Booked: Gil, Clark. MOM: Cazorla. Ref: Anthony Taylor 6.5. Att: 59958. CLICK HERE to see Sportsmail's Match Zone feature for goals, stats, heat maps and more. Mesut Ozil also scored his first in the Premier League since a long injury absence. It was his first since he last played Villa, and Ozil weighed in on the baby theme with a thumb-sucking celebration dedicated to his niece. Teenager Hector Bellerin found the net, too, with his first for the club, while Olivier Giroud grabbed the opener and Santi Cazorla struck from the penalty spot, a goal which his fabulous performance deserved. There might have been more. Twice Arsenal rattled the goal frame and Ozil saw one ruled out for offside, all of which must have been very painful for Villa to witness. Paul Lambert's team have not scored in more than 10 hours, and the fact they dominated possession and missed very good chances at key moments is of little consolation. 'We scored goals and we didn't concede,' said Wenger. 'Our offensive game was good even though we had weaker periods when Aston Villa were in possession. We always looked dangerous when we got through their lines. And we were defensively sound. Overall, it was a positive day for us. 'I feel a bit for Villa. They were caught in last 20 minutes because they were tired. The second goal was a blow for them. But overall they did fight.' Arsenal have won three on the bounce in the Premier League for the first time this season, building on the victory at Manchester City. Walcott, Ozil, Aaron Ramsey and Laurent Koscielny are back after injuries, but Wenger's decisions to bring in goalkeeper David Ospina and Francis Coquelin, who has added bite in midfield, have provided stability in the team, together with what seems a tactical tweak to concede a little more possession and operate on the break. The French striker's team-mates rush over to congratulate him after his delicate finish early in the first half. Ozil put in arguably his best performance of the season as Arsenal beat Aston Villa on Sunday afternoon. Walcott celebrates scoring his first Premier League goal of the season against Aston Villa in London. Cazorla is congratulated by Chuba Akpom, who won the penalty from which the Spaniard scored. Bellerin, set up by compatriot Cazorla, celebrates scoring the final goal of the afternoon. There was no Alexis Sanchez, who was resting a tight hamstring, but, with such an array of creative talent, Arsenal will always score goals. More importantly, these three wins have been achieved without conceding once. 'We have found better consistency,' said Wenger. 'That will be important until the end. Let's show we can win more. Confidence is higher but defensive stability vital. When you don't have that you suffer. 'It's too early to say we are in the title race. We are 11 points behind. They need to lose four and we need to win four. Let's try to be consistent and see what happens.' When Ozil's ambitious heel-flick cleared Jores Okore and fell perfectly for Giroud, there was a hint it might be one of those days. Once he cleared it from under his feet, Giroud, clipped a neat finish over the dive of Brad Guzan. Cazorla thumped a low curler into a post, Ozil was denied by a flag and Guzan saved from Ramsey. Villa steadied but were cautious. Even on the turnover of possession, they appeared reluctant to commit anyone in support of the ball-carrier, often leaving it to the front three, who were overwhelmed. Even so, three minutes before half-time, the visitors should have been level and would have been were it not for a fabulous save from Ospina. Villa's players look dejected after a torrid afternoon in north London that saw them concede five goals. Giroud celebrates after scoring his eighth goal of the season for the Gunners after just eight minutes of the first half. Andreas Weimann beat Bellerin in the air to meet a cross at close range but Ospina sprang to his left to keep it out. He made another fine save in stoppage time to deny Ashley Westwood, but Weimann’s header was the big chance. Score and it might change the rhythm of the game, panic Arsenal, but it was saved and within seconds Kieran Richardson was lunging into a last-ditch tackle to avert another dangerous breakaway from Walcott. Christian Benteke missed the target as Villa came out for the second half with more adventure, which only made it easier for Arsenal to rip them apart on the counter-attack. Since his players were wasteful in possession, it is easy to understand why Lambert operates with caution. Giroud supplied Ozil for the second, who took it on at pace and applied a precision finish, and Walcott made it three, cutting in from the left, trading passes with Cazorla and swerving his shot inside the post. Giroud headed against the bar before he was replaced by Chuba Akpom, who soon won a penalty, tumbling over Guzan after beating the keeper to a though ball. Guzan read Cazorla’s plan to smash it down the centre and stood firm but was only able to deflect the powerful strike into the net with his left-hand. Bellerin slid in the fifth, a beautifully accurate side-footed finish from the edge of the penalty box. It was one of those days. Aston Villa: therapy for the goalless. If only they could play against themselves. Arsenal substitute Akpom is taken out by goalkeeper Guzan for the penalty in the second half. World Cup-winner Ozil, who assisted the first goal and scored the second, had a goal disallowed for offside in the first half. American goalkeeper Guzan kicks the post in frustration after failing to save Cazorla's penalty. Arsenal captain Per Mertesacker clears the ball under pressure from Villa's Belgian striker Christian Benteke. Benteke, who scored twice in this fixture last season, controls the ball while Laurent Koscielny flies past. Arsenal and Aston Villa supporters taunt each other during the first half at the Emirates Stadium. England manager Roy Hodgson (left) takes in the game with his assistant Gary Neville (right) Former Real Madrid man Ozil takes on former Tottenham defender Alan Hutton during the first half. Cazorla is tugged back by Aston Villa midfielder Tom Cleverley during the first half of the Premier League encounter. Aston Villa's Danish defender Jores Okore challenges Cazorla, who heads the ball during the first half. Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg (centre) watches the game at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon. Arsenal's French midfielder Francis Coquelin sends Aston Villa's new signing Carles Gil flying with a slide-tackle. England forward Walcott tries to pass the ball while being closed down by Okore at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal legends Thierry Henry (left) and Robert Pires (right) watch the game from a box at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal's new signing Gabriel  (centre) warms up with Mathieu Flamini (right) ahead of kick-off on Sunday afternoon.

What are highlight points for this article?