Please briefly summarize this news article:

After stops and starts, D.C. United aims for a run

D.C. United‘s match Sunday against the New York Red Bulls marks both the end of a critical homestand and the start of an onerous stretch, a late-summer overlap that promises to set the tone for the MLS club’s playoff push.

It’s the last of four consecutive dates at RFK Stadium and the beginning of four games across 12 days against Eastern Conference opponents. Given the current circumstances and imminent demands, United is famished for three points against its archrivals.

“You’ve got to focus on both aspects” of the next two weeks, Coach Ben Olsen said Friday, “but most of that focus is on Sunday and taking care of business here at home, putting up another win and continuing to improve because each of the last three games we’ve taken a step forward. The pieces are fitting in; now it’s important to go on a run.”

[There’s lots of soccer on TV this weekend. Here’s where you can watch.]

United (6-8-9, 27 points) has shown marked improvement in recent weeks, though only the 2-0 victory over reigning champion Portland last weekend was fully satisfying. The previous two outings — draws against Montreal and Philadelphia — were marred by lost leads and dropped points.

United is seeking to win consecutive games for the first time this season. (It has not lost two in a row, either.)

By no means would a draw or defeat spoil United’s playoff aim; 10 games remain after Sunday, and D.C. was tied for the conference’s sixth and last postseason berth entering the weekend. But four of the next five are on the road — and United is not a good away team (1-4-6 with seven goals scored).

The busiest stretch of the year will accelerate with a trip to Montreal on Wednesday, a home game against Chicago next Saturday, then a midweek visit to New York City FC five days later. After a break for World Cup qualifiers, United will go to Red Bull Arena on Sept. 11.

“I hate when you say ‘must-win games,’ but it kind of has that feel,” captain Bobby Boswell said. “If we go out and win, I think a lot of teams look at us and say, ‘This team wants to be in the playoffs, and when they show up, they are a real contender.’

“We believe that; I think not a lot of people watching us believe that. If we can show what we’re capable of, we can put some fear into other people. But if we lay an egg, people will say, ‘It’s symbolic of their season.’ ”

Near the bottom of league scoring all summer, United is showing signs of life in the attack. Improved rhythm and ball movement led to back-to-back multiple goal performances for the first time this year.

Consistency should pay dividends, as Olsen appears to have settled on his midfield and forward after months of interchange: Marcelo Sarvas in defensive midfield, Jared Jeffrey and Luciano Acosta in central midfield, Lloyd Sam and Patrick Nyarko on the flanks, and Patrick Mullins at striker. Nick DeLeon, Lamar Neagle, Alvaro Saborio and Kennedy Igboananike await their turn.

The Red Bulls (10-9-6, 36 points) will steam into RFK on a 3-0-4 roll in league play and 5-0-5 in all competitions, the last setback coming July 3 against NYCFC at Yankee Stadium.

Coach Jesse Marsch mixed regulars and reserves for their midweek CONCACAF Champions League match in San Salvador, a 1-1 draw with Alianza.

The stream of results has come despite long-term injuries to four regulars: Defenders Gideon Baah (broken leg) and Connor Lade (knee) are out for the year, defender Damien Perrinelle (ankle) will miss several more weeks and midfielder Dax McCarty, a former United captain, is recovering from a leg fracture.

“There’s a good vibe with this group right now,” Olsen said. “We are primed to improve and go on a run, but that means nothing if you don’t step out Sunday and understand what it’s going to take to beat a very good Red Bulls team.”

Olsen will return to the sideline after serving a one-game suspension for an ejection against Philadelphia. Sam will face his former team for the first time since United acquired him July 7.

“It’s huge, not just because it’s New York but the timing and where we are at, where we can be if we come out with three points,” Boswell said. “It’s a big deal.”

Assistant coach Chad Ashton has won both games when filling in for the suspended Olsen this season. Including the last few minutes of the Philadelphia match two weeks ago, when Olsen was ejected and Steve Birnbaum scored in added time, Ashton’s goal differential is plus-six.

The Insider could not resist, tongue in cheek, raising those statistics with Olsen.

Clearly, he needs to step aside.

“I consider it every day,” Olsen said. “I made the recommendation upstairs” to the front office.

On a serious note: “Listen, Chad has been a big part of this coaching staff for a while. He doesn’t get any glory. He is a real soldier for this club.”

With the college soccer season launching (women kick off today, men next Friday), MLS teams will keep a close eye on their homegrown prospects. For United, that means Eryk Williamson, a sophomore attacker at the University of Maryland.

Barring major injury, an alarming drop in form or considerable overseas offers, United hopes to sign him to a homegrown contract after this college season, the Insider has learned. (To maintain NCAA eligibility, he won’t sign a pro deal until he’s sure of leaving school.)

Williamson, 19, is a U.S. under-20 national team starter from Alexandria, Va. Last fall at Maryland, he started in all but one of his 20 appearances and posted five goals and three assists.

The Terrapins — Big Ten favorites who are ranked No. 4 in the NSCAA preseason poll — will open the season next Friday against No. 16 UCLA at StubHub Center in Carson, Calif. The home opener at Ludwig Field is Aug. 29 against Hartford, followed by a local clash with visiting Georgetown on Sept. 2.

United’s stretch of home matches has illuminated an issue with the stadium lights: Several bulbs appear dark. It doesn’t seem to affect TV coverage, and except for spectators glaring skyward, the audience probably hasn’t noticed.

Here’s the explanation from Events DC, the organization that manages the facility:

The bank of lights that show two rows of lights off are emergency lights that will turn on in case of a power outage via the backup generator.

The other tower lights that appear to be out have been addressed since the beginning of this month, one tower of lights at a time.

In order to change these lights (lanterns), electricians need to go on the roof, suspend from a harness and change manually. For safety reasons, given the heat this month, they have only been able to work in the early morning hours.

This maintenance is an on-going process as light lanterns that work today may be out tomorrow. The on-field visibility is of utmost importance and has not been impeded during this routine maintenance.

Lightning, not lighting, might be an issue Sunday: A weather front is expected to crash through the Washington area, with a high chance of thunderstorms throughout the afternoon.

ESPN will carry the match, with coverage starting at 3 p.m. and kickoff shortly thereafter. Jonathan Yardley and Taylor Twellman are the announcers. The game is also available on ESPN Deportes, the WatchESPN app and ESPN3.com.

The referee is Ismail Elfath.

After a weather-related postponement Wednesday, the Richmond Kickers (11-6-6) will return to action Sunday against Orlando City B (8-8-7) in Melbourne, Fla. The Kickers are unbeaten in seven straight (6-0-1) and fifth in the USL’s 14-team Eastern Conference with seven regular season matches left.

United midfielder Miguel Aguilar is scheduled to report. Goalkeeper Andrew Dykstra is also likely.

Wednesday’s home game against the Charleston Battery was halted in the 21st minute because of a thunderstorm. Four United players started: goalkeeper Travis Worra, defenders Jalen Robinson and Luke Mishu, and midfielder Julian Buescher.

D.C. United vs. New York Red Bulls

Records: United 6-8-9, 27 points; Red Bulls 10-9-6, 36.

D.C. probable starters: GK Bill Hamid; Ds Sean Franklin, Bobby Boswell, Steve Birnbaum, Taylor Kemp; MFs Lloyd Sam, Marcelo Sarvas, Jared Jeffrey, Luciano Acosta, Patrick Nyarko; F Patrick Mullins.

N.Y. probable starters: GK Luis Robles; Ds Kemar Lawrence, Ronald Zubar, Aurelien Collin, Chris Duvall; Alex Muyl, Sean Davis, Felipe Martins, Sacha Kljestan, Mike Grella; F Bradley Wright-Phillips.