Please write a short summary for the following article:

10 Super Mario fan theories that will make your mustache curl

One rule about pop culture: If it exists, there's probably a fan theory about it.

Super Mario Bros. is celebrating its 30th anniversary on Sept. 13, and not only have gamers been celebrating for the last three decades with serious gameplay, they've also been having some serious conversations about their favorite mustachioed plumber.

While some of these ideas might be a little off the wall, others are just so weird, they make absolute sense. Here are just a few of the intense conspiracy theories on the Internet that fans have been tossing around their heads.

Prepare to have your minds blown, Mario fans.

1. Mario and his friends are merely actors in a stage play.One of the most enduring fan theories online is that this entire video game world is a stage and Mario, Luigi and all their pals (and enemies) are merely players. Here are some pieces of evidence to support it:

Recently, Super Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto confirmed that this theory actually has some truth to it — so theory has become fact.

2. Princess Peach is Bowser Jr.'s mother.Little Bowser Jr.'s maternity seems to be a mystery among the online gamer forums — at least among those who don't immediate point to Princess Peach, who seems to be the most likely candidate. According to the Super Mario wiki, Junior is told by his father that Peach is his mother, but she is then kidnapped by "evil" Mario during Super Mario Sunshine.

3. Luigi is always with Mario because Mario keeps his strength in check.Poor Luigi. He's often brushed off as the weak, loser brother of the popular and strong Mario — but what if the guy in green was actually a a killing machine ready to rage at any moment? One fan theory on Reddit explains that Luigi may be stronger than we think, and staying close to Mario keeps him from Hulking out. The user explains:

Luigi's only fear is that he may go too far one day and hurt people on accident due to his powers running rampant. A common trait we see is his extreme fear of ghosts. The reason behind that is because ghosts have been known to have the ability to possess living beings...By staying close to his brother, he doesn't have to worry about hurting people because he knows that Mario is the most skilled fighter in existence and the only person who can stop him. Mario is the polar opposite of Luigi: a mortal man without any notable powers. Despite that, Mario is capable of fighting against villains capable of destroying dimensions, and even defeating Luigi himself several times (Super Paper Mario) using nothing but his sheer battle skill. By staying next to his brother, Luigi can make sure that if one of his many odd powers goes out of control, or he turns evil, Mario will be close enough to stop him and limit the damage.

More on this particular fan theory can be found here.

4. The whole series is just Princess Peach's propaganda.Mario and his friends are just puppets and Princess Peach is the puppet master. According to one Reddit user:

However, have you ever asked yourself why we're being shown a Princess Peach Point of View of our favorite game? We always believed that Peach was telling the truth, and that she was the victim and Bowser was the villain...What if Princess Peach is really just using the Mario Games (which are plays) as [propaganda] to lead you to believe that Bowser is the villain, when in reality Peach is an evil dictator who wants to oppress the people of the Mushroom Kingdom.

The post explains that gamers are never shown Bowser's point of view in the games and therefore are never given a complete picture of the politics of the Mushroom Kingdom. For all we know, Princess Peach could be manipulating Mario into thinking she is kidnapped to feed into her master plan. Pretty dark.

5. Super Mario Bros. is the only time Bowser truly kidnapped Princess Peach.Working under the assumption that Super Mario Bros. is real and not a play, the original game is the only actual time Bowser kidnapped Peach "in real life." A user on Reddit explains that Super Mario Bros. 2 is actually a dream sequence, and therefore has "no bearing in the 'real' world." And Super Mario Bros. 3 was a "play retelling (with embellishments) the events of Super Mario Bros. 1."

The user also goes into other games in the franchise:

6. Mario only went to the Mushroom Kingdom once — the rest is just him reliving his glory.Similar to the theory that Bowser only kidnapped Princess Peach once (in Super Mario Bros.), the same goes for Mario's trip to the Mushroom Kingdom. Since the original game was the only one to exist in "reality," all of Mario's other adventures to to rescue the Princess from Bowser are simply the fevered dreams of a poor plumber reliving his glory days.

The theorist on Reddit goes so far as to say Mario creates reality TV spin offs and grander marketing schemes on his whirlwind adventure, spinning greater tales and milking his fame for all it's worth. More of the user's theory can be found here.

7. Donkey Kong killed Mario and Luigi's father.One fan theory is so full of tragedy and family intrigue it would make Shakespeare blush. The Reddit user who poses this theory goes into extreme detail, but it boils down to the identity of the character, Jumpman, who looks suspiciously like Mario, in the Donkey Kong games.

Here's how it works: Mario loves Princess Peach (at least at first) and lives in the Mushroom Kingdom, while Jumpman loves his wife Pauline and lives in New York City. While some have assumed Mario and Jumpman to be the same person, Mario would have had to have a major mid-life crisis to go from a New York City plumber to the savior of a magical kingdom — but what is to explain their resemblance? Jumpman is Mario and Luigi's dad. Honestly, they had to come from somewhere.

Unfortunately, at the end of Donkey Kong Junior, Jumpman is the antagonist of Donkey Kong and dies at the end, killed by Donkey. In all these decades of gameplay, Mario has yet to seek revenge. The Reddit user goes into more depth on this theory here.

8. Dr. Mario is the third Mario brother.Mario has had plenty of odd jobs over the years, but something seems a little bit off about Doctor Mario from the Super Smash Bros. game.

The Reddit user who introduced this theory wrote, "He has a similar moveset to Mario and Luigi, and while Luigi is a lighter and floatier comparison to Mario, DM is a heavier, harder hitting alternative. Doctor Mario's hair is also lighter than Mario's, taking an almost blonder or more auburn tint to the plumber's dark brown hair. Mario also seems to be more athletic than DM as he is faster and can wall jump, whereas the doctor can not."

It seems easy to believe that perhaps there are several Mario brothers, in several sizes, floating out there. More on this theory can be found on Reddit.

9. The coins are souls.Get ready for the most existential gameplay you've ever experienced. It turns out, every time you hit, smash, burn or generally destroy and object or enemy and you get a coin in return, what you're actually getting is that thing's soul. A user on Reddit wrote:

The instruction manual for [Super Mario Bros. 1] states the the inhabitants of [Mushroom Kingdom] were turned into bricks (yes, the exact same ones that [Mario] smashed on his journey). If the bricks are [Mushroom Kingdom] residents, then how are there coins inside them. What if Mario was actually harvesting the souls of innocent toads?

The theory goes into great detail on the many different and twisted ways Mario can harvest the souls of the dead for his profit.

10. Wario is a crazed Mario fan.Wario isn't such a bad guy. He just doesn't know how to process all these feelings of respect and admiration. Some evidence of Wario's devotion to Mario include:

Wario's outfit is the a superfan equivalent of Mario's: overalls, white gloves, mustache and a cap with an upside down "M" (or "W," however you want to spin it).

In Super Mario Land 2, Wario lives in a castle with a statue of Mario in front. Of course, it's revealed that this place used to be Mario's own castle, but still, Wario doesn't seem to mind keeping it in tact. If that isn't love, we don't know what is.

More details about Wario's deep obsession with Mario can be found here.

So what's real and what's just a toad's fantasy? You decide.

Video: Jake Fertig and David Sidorov

Summary: