Lord Kerr says EU treaty allows UK to change mind up to moment of leaving, and adding date to bill would not change that 
  
 The former diplomat who drafted article 50 says the UK could opt to reverse Brexit up to the moment we leave, even if a date for the country’s departure from European Union were added to the withdrawal bill, as Theresa May plans. 
  
 Lord Kerr, a former UK ambassador to the European Union, said Brexiters in May’s cabinet were suggesting Brexit was irreversible and thereby misleading the public. 
  
 He was speaking hours after the government confirmed it wanted an amendment to the withdrawal bill to set a fixed departure point of 11pm GMT (midnight in Brussels) on 29 March 2019. 
  
 “We are leaving the European Union on 29 March 2019,” May wrote in the Telegraph. 
  
 Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme Kerr, now a crossbench peer, said the UK could still opt to stay in the EU. “At any stage we can change our minds if we want to, and if we did we know that our partners would actually be very pleased indeed.” 
  
 He added: “The Brexiters create the impression that is because of the way article 50 is written that having sent in a letter on 29 March 2017 we must leave automatically on 29 March 2019 at the latest. That is not true. It is misleading to suggest that a decision that we are taking autonomously in this country about the timing of our departure, we are required to take by a provision of EU treaty law.” 
  
 His complaint came as the Brexit secretary, David Davis, and the EU’s chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, prepare to meet in Brussels on the second day of the latest round of talks before a crunch summit of European leaders next month. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Lord Kerr: ‘It is always possible at a later stage to decide that we want to do something different.’ Photograph: Ian Nicholson/PA 
  
 Kerr was asked to clarify whether the UK could still halt Brexit even if a date was set on the face of the EU withdrawal bill. “That’s what I’m saying,” he said. Speaking before a speech to an Open Britain event later on Friday, he added: “One should bear in mind that it is always possible at a later stage to decide that we want to do something different.” 
  
 He added: “It is entirely up to the prime minister to set a date for our departure. My point is quite a different one. These decisions are taken entirely in this country, they have nothing to do with the treaty. As far as the treaty is concerned there are lots of options. There is a provision to seek some extra time for negotiation and, much more important, there’s the ability at any stage to take back the letter that the prime minister sent to President Tusk on 29 March.” 
  
 Kerr was asked about Davis’s view that the referendum result was a an “irrevocable moment”. He replied: “The David Davis quote I would offer you comes from 2012 when he said: ‘A democracy that has lost the right to change its mind has ceased to be a democracy.’” 
  
 He added: “I’m not a politician. I’m just the guy who wrote the treaty telling you what the treaty means.” 
  
 Kerr claimed that circumstances had changed since the referendum. 
  
 He said: “It is open to us to argue that the terms as they emerge are not quite the ones that we were led to expect: that the costs of coming out are rather different from what it said on the side of the battlebus; that the complexity of coming out was not entirely explained and the effects of coming out on, for example, the NHS or jobs, these things are not what the electorate knew about at the time. If new facts emerge one is entitled to change one’s view, as Keynes said.” 
  
 He added: “I’m not today arguing for a second referendum, I’m saying if we wanted to have a second referendum there is nothing in the treaty, or in the attitude of EU partners, that would prevent us taking the time to have one.” ||||| LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May should stop misleading voters and admit that Brexit can be avoided if Britain decides unilaterally to scrap divorce talks, the man who drafted Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty said on Friday. 
  
 Former British ambassador to the EU, John Kerr, poses for a photograph following a news conference, in central London, Britain November 10, 2017. REUTERS/Simon Dawson 
  
 May, who formally notified the European Union of Britain’s intention to leave the EU by triggering Article 50 of the treaty on March 29, said she would not tolerate any attempt in parliament to block Brexit. 
  
 By triggering Article 50, May set the clock ticking on a two-year exit process that has so far failed to yield a divorce deal and which was interrupted by her gamble on a snap election in June which cost her party its majority in parliament. 
  
 “While the divorce talks proceed, the parties are still married. Reconciliation is still possible,” John Kerr, British ambassador to the EU from 1990 to 1995, said in a speech in London. 
  
 “We can change our minds at any stage during the process,” said Kerr, who added that the legalities of Article 50 had been misrepresented in Britain. “The British people have the right to know this: they shouldn’t be misled.” 
  
 The day May triggered Article 50, she told the British parliament that there was “no turning back” and on Friday insisted that the United Kingdom would be leaving the EU at 2300 GMT on March 29 2019. 
  
 In a June 2016 referendum, 51.9 percent of voters backed leaving the EU while 48.1 percent wanted to remain. 
  
 Brexit supporters argue any attempt to halt the exit process would be anti-democratic, while opponents say the country should have a right to pass final judgment on any exit deal negotiated. 
  
 May, an initial opponent of Brexit who won the top job in the political turmoil that followed the vote, said last month that Britain would not revoke Article 50. 
  
 Former British ambassador to the EU, John Kerr, who drafted Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, poses for a photograph following a news conference, in central London, Britain November 10, 2017. REUTERS/Simon Dawson 
  
 “NO TURNING BACK” 
  
 But ever since the referendum, opponents of Britain’s exit - from French President Emmanuel Macron and former British prime minister Tony Blair to billionaire investor George Soros - have suggested Britain could change its mind and avoid what they say will be disastrous consequences for the British economy. 
  
 Thus far, there are few signs of a change of heart on Brexit in opinion polls. Both May’s Conservatives and the opposition Labour Party now explicitly support leaving the EU, which Britain joined in 1973. 
  
 Supporters of Brexit have repeatedly said that any attempt to have another referendum, or to undermine Brexit, would catapult the world’s fifth largest economy into crisis. 
  
 “A second referendum would lead the United Kingdom into totally uncharted territory with very serious potential consequences for our democracy,” said Richard Tice, who helped found one of the two Leave campaign groups in the referendum. 
  
 Former British ambassador to the EU, John Kerr, who drafted Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, poses for a photograph following a news conference, in central London, Britain November 10, 2017. REUTERS/Simon Dawson 
  
 But the Brexit process has been challenged in a number of cases in British courts, many focusing on the as-yet unanswered question: Can Article 50 be reversed? 
  
 The 256-word clause does not say whether it can be revoked once it is invoked. This means that, if lawyers ask for clarification, the question would have to go to the European Court of Justice, the EU’s highest court. 
  
 Kerr, who in 2002-2003 acted as secretary-general of the European Constitutional Convention that drafted Article 50, said the debate had been misrepresented inside Britain: it was clear, he said, that May’s Article 50 letter could be revoked. 
  
 Such is the interest in the legalities of Brexit that one prominent lawyer, Jessica Simor, has formally asked for May’s unpublished legal advice on the matter. 
  
 “Britain can basically change its mind at any time right up to the 29th of March 2019,” Simor told Reuters last month. 
  
 “If you can revoke Article 50, then parliament has the power to rescue the country if that becomes necessary – if the government fails to secure a deal, or the deal is terrible, or the people do not want it.” |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?