Given the question: Information:  - 10cc are an English rock band founded in Stockport who achieved their greatest commercial success in the 1970s. The band initially consisted of four musicians  Graham Gouldman, Eric Stewart, Kevin Godley, and Lol Creme  who had written and recorded together for some three years, before assuming the name "10cc" in 1972.  - Press to Play is the sixth post-Beatles studio album by the English musician Paul McCartney (outside of Wings' body of work), released in August 1986. It was McCartney's first album of entirely new music since "Pipes of Peace" in 1983, and his first solo album to be issued internationally by EMI following a six-year alliance with Columbia Records in the United States and Canada. Keen to re-establish himself after his poorly received 1984 musical film "Give My Regards to Broad Street", McCartney enlisted producer Hugh Padgham to give the album a contemporary sound.  - Laurence Neil 'Lol' Creme (born 19 September 1947) is an English musician and music video director, best known for his work in 10cc. He sings and plays guitar, bass and keyboards.  - `` Stranglehold '' is a song by Paul McCartney , the former bass guitarist for The Beatles . The track is credited as being written by McCartney and 10cc guitarist Eric Stewart , and is on his sixth studio solo album Press to Play . It was issued as single exclusively in the US and reached number 81 . The b - side featured the remix of `` Angry '' by Larry Alexander taken from the previous single `` Pretty Little Head ''  - Columbia Records (also known simply as Columbia) is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment (SME), a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America, Inc., the United States division of Sony Corporation. It was founded in 1887, evolving from an earlier enterprise named the American Graphophone Company, the successor to the Volta Graphophone Company. Columbia is the oldest surviving brand name in the recorded sound business, being the second major record company to produce recorded records. Columbia Records went on to release records by an array of notable singers, instrumentalists, and bands. From 1961 to 1990, its recordings were released outside the U.S. and Canada by the CBS Records label (which was named after the Columbia Broadcasting System) to avoid confusion with the EMI label of the same name, before adopting the Columbia name internationally in 1990. It is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels alongside RCA Records and Epic Records.  - Richard Starkey, (born 7 July 1940), known professionally as Ringo Starr, is an English musician, singer, songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles. He occasionally sang lead vocals, usually for one song on an album, including "With a Little Help from My Friends", "Yellow Submarine" and their cover of "Act Naturally". He also wrote the Beatles' songs "Don't Pass Me By" and "Octopus's Garden", and is credited as a co-writer of others, including "What Goes On" and "Flying".  - Sir James Paul McCartney, (born 18 June 1942) is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer. With John Lennon, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr, he gained worldwide fame with the rock band the Beatles, largely considered the most popular and influential group in the history of pop music. His songwriting partnership with Lennon is the most celebrated of the post-war era. After the band's break-up, he pursued a solo career and formed the band Wings with his first wife, Linda, and Denny Laine.  - Graham Keith Gouldman (born ) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. He is a long-time member of the art rock band 10cc.  - Hugh Charles Padgham (born 15 February 1955) is an English record producer. He has won four Grammy Awards, for Producer of the Year and Album of the Year for 1985, Record Of The Year for 1990, and Engineer of the Year for 1993. A 1992 poll in "Mix" magazine voted him one of the world's Top Ten Most Influential Producers. Padgham co-productions include hits by Phil Collins, Genesis, The Human League, Sting and The Police. He also pioneered (with musician Peter Gabriel and producer Steve Lillywhite) the gated reverb drum sound used most famously on the Phil Collins hit "In the Air Tonight".  - Pipes of Peace is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Paul McCartney using his own name, released in 1983. As the follow-up to the popular "Tug of War", the album came close to matching the commercial success of its predecessor in Britain but peaked only at number 15 on America's "Billboard" 200 albums chart. While "Pipes of Peace" was the source of international hit singles such as "Say Say Say" (recorded with Michael Jackson) and the title track, the critical response to the album was less favourable than that afforded to "Tug of War".  - Denny Laine (born Brian Frederick Hines, 29 October 1944) is an English musician, singer, songwriter and guitarist. He was an original member of the Moody Blues, singing the band's first hit "Go Now" in 1964, and was a member of Wings with Paul McCartney from 1971 to 1981.  - John Winston Ono Lennon, (born John Winston Lennon; 9 October 19408 December 1980) was an English singer and songwriter who co-founded the Beatles, the most commercially successful band in the history of popular music. With fellow member Paul McCartney, he formed a celebrated songwriting partnership.  - The Beatles were an English rock band, formed in Liverpool in 1960. With members John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era. Rooted in skiffle, beat, and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles, ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock, often incorporating classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways. In the early 1960s, their enormous popularity first emerged as "Beatlemania", but as the group's music grew in sophistication, led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney, they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s.  - EMI (officially EMI Group Limited, originally an initialism for Electric and Musical Industries and often known as EMI Records and EMI Music) was a British multinational conglomerate founded in March 1931 and was based in London. At the time of its break-up in 2012, it was the fourth-largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry and was one of the big four record companies (now the big three). Its EMI Records Ltd. group of record labels included EMI Records, Parlophone, Virgin Records and Capitol Records. EMI also had a major publishing arm, EMI Music Publishingalso based in London with offices globally.  - Eric Michael Stewart (born 20 January 1945, Droylsden, Lancashire, England) is an English musician, songwriter and record producer most known for his tenure with The Mindbenders in the 1960s, and 10cc from 1972 to 1995.  - George Harrison, (25 February 1943  29 November 2001) was an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, and music and film producer who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the Beatles. Often referred to as "the quiet Beatle", Harrison embraced Hindu mythology and helped broaden the horizons of his fellow Beatles as well as their Western audience by incorporating Indian instrumentation in their music. Although most of the Beatles' songs were written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, most Beatles albums from 1965 onwards contained at least two Harrison compositions. His songs for the group included "Taxman", "Within You Without You", "While My Guitar Gently Weeps", "Here Comes the Sun" and "Something", the last of which became the Beatles' second-most covered song.  - Kevin Michael Godley (born 7 October 1945, Prestwich, Lancashire, England) is an English musician and music video director. He is known as the drummer of the art rock band 10cc and for his collaboration outside the band with Lol Creme.    'stranglehold ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'record label'?  Choices: - album  - capitol records  - cbs  - columbia records  - emi  - english  - epic  - epic records  - labels  - pop  - record  - release records  - sony music entertainment  - studio album  - the beatles
The answer is: