Information:  - Ted Skjellum (born 4 March 1972), also known by the stage names Nocturno Culto, Nocturno or Kveldulv, is a Norwegian musician best known as the vocalist, lead guitarist, and partial bassist (shared with Fenriz) of the influential black metal band Darkthrone. He has been with the band since 1988. He is also the vocalist of the band Sarke. He currently works in Norway as a school teacher, and has a son and a daughter. He has also released a documentary film called "The Misanthrope" in which he deals with black metal music and life in Norway.  - Death metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music. It typically employs heavily distorted and low-tuned guitars, played with techniques such as palm muting and tremolo picking, deep growling vocals and screams, aggressive, powerful drumming featuring double kick or blast beat techniques, minor keys or atonality, abrupt tempo, key, and time signature changes and chromatic chord progressions. The lyrical themes of death metal may invoke slasher film-stylized violence, religion (sometimes Satanism), occultism, Lovecraftian horror, nature, mysticism, mythology, philosophy, science fiction, and politics, and they may describe extreme acts, including mutilation, dissection, torture, rape, cannibalism, and necrophilia.  - Gylve Fenris Nagell (born 28 November 1971), better known as Fenriz, is a Norwegian musician and politician who is best known as being one half of the metal duo Darkthrone. Although primarily a drummer, he has also performed bass, guitar and vocals for Darkthrone and a number of other metal bands. Fenriz is known for his refusal to play live, his obsessiveness about music listening, supporting other underground bands and his lack of interest in the mainstream music business in general. Fenriz has had three solo projects: the folk metal project Isengard, the dark ambient project Neptune Towers and the doom metal project Red Planet.  - Darkthrone is a Norwegian black metal band. It formed in 1986 as a death metal band under the name Black Death. In 1991, the band embraced a black metal style influenced by Bathory and Celtic Frost and became one of the leading bands in the Norwegian black metal scene. Their first three black metal albums"A Blaze in the Northern Sky", "Under a Funeral Moon" and "Transilvanian Hunger" (sometimes dubbed the "Unholy Trinity")  are considered the peak of the band's career and to be among the most influential albums in the genre. For most of this time, Darkthrone has been a duo of Nocturno Culto and Fenriz, who have sought to remain outside the music mainstream. Since 2006, their work has strayed from the traditional black metal style and incorporated more elements of traditional heavy metal, speed metal and punk rock, being likened to Motörhead.  - Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom and the United States. With roots in blues rock and psychedelic/acid rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness. Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are sometimes associated with aggression and machismo.  - Speed metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music that originated in the late 1970s from new wave of British heavy metal (NWOBHM) roots. It is described by AllMusic as "extremely fast, abrasive, and technically demanding" music.  - Punk rock (or simply "punk") is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid 1970s in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as "proto-punk" music, punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands typically use short or fast-paced songs, with hard-edged melodies and singing styles, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produce recordings and distribute them through informal channels.  - Black metal is an extreme subgenre and subculture of heavy metal music. Common traits include fast tempos, a shrieking vocal style, heavily distorted guitars played with tremolo picking, raw (lo-fi) recording, unconventional song structures, and an emphasis on atmosphere. Artists often appear in corpse paint and adopt pseudonyms.  - Lovecraftian horror is a subgenre of horror fiction that emphasizes the cosmic horror of the unknown (and in some cases, unknowable) more than gore or other elements of shock, though these may still be present. It is named after American author H. P. Lovecraft (1890  1937).  - A Blaze in the Northern Sky is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone. It was released on 26 February 1992 by Peaceville Records. It contained the band's first black metal recordings, and is considered a classic within the genre. It was the first album of what fans dub the "Unholy Trinity", the other albums being "Under a Funeral Moon" and "Transilvanian Hunger". The last album to feature bassist Dag Nilsen.   - Motörhead were an English rock band formed in June 1975 by bassist, singer, and songwriter Ian Fraser "Lemmy" Kilmister, who was the sole constant member. The band is often considered a precursor to, or one of the earliest members of, the new wave of British heavy metal, which re-energised heavy metal in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Though several guitarists and drummers played in Motörhead, most of their best-selling albums and singles feature the work of "Fast" Eddie Clarke on lead guitar and Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor on drums.  - Necrophilia, also called thanatophilia, is a sexual attraction or sexual act involving corpses. The attraction is classified as a paraphilia by the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual" (DSM) of the American Psychiatric Association. The term was coined by the Belgian alienist Joseph Guislain, who first used it in a lecture in 1850. It derives from the Greek words "" ("nekros"; "dead") and "" ("philia"; "love").  - Peaceville Records is a British independent heavy metal record label. The label was founded by Paul "Hammy" Halmshaw (of the bands Instigators and Civilised Society) in Dewsbury, England in 1987, who was also a one-time drummer of Sore Throat. Originally a tape label releasing anarcho punk, the releases moved towards metal through crust punk and similar forms of metal-influenced English hardcore punk. Halmshaw started running the label full-time in 1988, although the original tape label incarnation was founded in 1981 as a vehicle for releasing Instigators demo cassettes.  - Ivar Enger , also known as `` Zephyrous '' , is a guitarist who played for black metal band Darkthrone . He is credited as featuring on the band 's first three albums ; Soulside Journey , A Blaze in the Northern Sky and Under a Funeral Moon , as well as the Goatlord album ; the rehearsal tapes of what was originally intended to be their second album ( with later added vocals ) . He is said to have left due to delving into misanthropy , instead of generally leaving , as Darkthrone never had touring stress and he did n't leave prior because of the swift change from death metal to black metal , like other former member Dag Nielsen did . The band maintains that Zephyrous went into a forest and never returned . However , in a 2006 interview with the German website Voices From The Dark Side , Nocturno Culto claims he still has contact with Zephyrous and would like him to join the band as a guest on a few songs at some point . Very little information about Zephyrous is known , as Darkthrone have always maintained mystery about themselves , let alone past members . In two interviews in 2001 and 2002 with Nocturno Culto , he stated that Zephyrous left Darkthrone partly because he felt `` left out '' by N.Culto and Fenriz , who were very close at the time , and partly because he was an alcoholic and had a black out while driving his car . `` He woke up in the hospital with much strings attached to him '' . `` He left Darkthrone in much anger '' .    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'ivar enger' with the relationship of 'country of citizenship'.  Choices: - american  - british  - england  - norway  - politician  - united kingdom
The answer to this question is: