Information:  - Sir Roy Yorke Calne , FRCP , FRCS , FRS , is a British surgeon and pioneer in organ transplantation . His most notable achievements are the world 's first liver , heart , and lung transplant in 1987 ; the first successful combined stomach , intestine , pancreas , liver , and kidneycluster transplant in 1994 , the first liver transplantation operation in Europe in 1968 , and the first intestinal transplant in the U.K. in 1992 . Calne is a fellow of the Royal Society and was Professor of Surgery at Cambridge University between 1965 and 1998 where he initiated the kidney transplant program . He was Harkness Fellow at Harvard Medical School from 1960 - 61 . Much of his subsequent work has been concerned with the improvement of immunosuppression techniques aimed at prolonging the life of liver transplant recipients . He is currently the Yoah Ghim Professor of Surgery at the National University of Singapore . He was elected to the Royal Society in 1974 . He was awarded the 1984 Lister Medal for his contributions to surgical science . The corresponding Lister Oration , given at the Royal College of Surgeons of England , was delivered on 21 May 1985 , and was titled ' Organ transplantation : from laboratory to clinic ' . He was knighted as Knight Bachelor , in 1986 . In 1990 he received the Ellison - Cliffe Medal from the Royal Society of Medicine . His portrait , commissioned by the National Portrait Gallery , was painted by John Bellany in 1991 . In 2012 , Calne shared the prestigious Lasker Award ( Lasker - DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award ) with Dr. Thomas Starzl ' for the development of liver transplantation , which has restored normal life to thousands of patients with end - stage liver disease . ' . Calne is a Distinguished Supporter of the British Humanist Association and he is an Honorary Vice-President of the Cambridge University Lawn Tennis Club .  - The endocrine system is the collection of glands of an organism that secrete hormones directly into the circulatory system to be carried towards distant target organs. The phenomenon of biochemical processes' serving to regulate distant tissues by means of secretions directly into the circulatory system is called endocrine signaling. The major endocrine glands include the pineal gland, pituitary gland, pancreas, ovaries, testes, thyroid gland, parathyroid gland, and adrenal glands. The endocrine system is in contrast to the exocrine system, which secretes its hormones to the outside of the body using ducts. The endocrine system is an information signal system like the nervous system, yet its effects and mechanism are classifiably different. The endocrine system's effects are slow to initiate, and prolonged in their response, lasting from a few hours up to weeks. The nervous system sends information very quickly, and responses are generally short lived. In vertebrates, the hypothalamus is the neural control center for all endocrine systems. The field of study dealing with the endocrine system and its disorders is endocrinology, a branch of internal medicine. Special features of endocrine glands are, in general, their ductless nature, their vascularity, and commonly the presence of intracellular vacuoles or granules that store their hormones. In contrast, exocrine glands, such as salivary glands, sweat glands, and glands within the gastrointestinal tract, tend to be much less vascular and have ducts or a hollow lumen.  - A hormone (from the Greek participle ) is any member of a class of signaling molecules produced by glands in multicellular organisms that are transported by the circulatory system to target distant organs to regulate physiology and behaviour. Hormones have diverse chemical structures, mainly of 3 classes: eicosanoids, steroids, and amino acid derivatives (amines, peptides, and proteins). The glands that secrete hormones comprise the endocrine signaling system. The term hormone is sometimes extended to include chemicals produced by cells that affect the same cell (autocrine or intracrine signalling) or nearby cells (paracrine signalling).  - An anesthesiologist (American English) or anaesthetist (British English) is a physician trained in anesthesia and perioperative medicine.  - The pancreas is a glandular organ in the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates. In humans, it is located in the abdominal cavity behind the stomach. It is an endocrine gland producing several important hormones, including insulin, glucagon, somatostatin, and pancreatic polypeptide which circulate in the blood. The pancreas is also a digestive organ, secreting pancreatic juice containing digestive enzymes that assist digestion and absorption of nutrients in the small intestine. These enzymes help to further break down the carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids in the chyme. The pancreas is also known as mixed gland.  - The stomach is a muscular, hollow, dilated part of the gastrointestinal tract that functions as an important organ in the digestive system. The stomach is present in many animals including vertebrates, echinoderms, insects (mid-gut), and molluscs. In humans and many other vertebrates it is involved in the second phase of digestion, following mastication (chewing).  - Liver transplantation or hepatic transplantation is the replacement of a diseased liver with some or all of a healthy liver from another person (allograft). The most commonly used technique is phototropic transplantation, in which the native liver is removed and replaced by the donor organ in the same anatomic location as the original liver. Liver transplantation is a viable treatment option for end-stage liver disease and acute liver failure. Typically three surgeons and two anesthesiologists are involved, with up to four supporting nurses. The surgical procedure is very demanding and ranges from 4 to 18 hours depending on outcome. Numerous anastomoses and sutures, and many disconnections and reconnections of abdominal and liver tissue, must be made for the transplant to succeed, requiring an eligible recipient and a well-calibrated live or cadaveric donor match.  - A cadaver, also called corpse (singular) in medical, literary, and legal usage, or when intended for dissection, is a deceased body. The obsolete British term "lich" for "corpse", sometimes spelled "lych", is no longer even listed in major British dictionaries such as Longman, Macmillan, Cambridge, or Oxford Online Dictionaries. However, the term "lich" has been revived in modern fantasy fiction for a type of "undead" creature.  - Echinoderm is the common name given to any member of the phylum Echinodermata (from Ancient Greek, , "echinos"  "hedgehog" and , "derma"  "skin") of marine animals. The adults are recognizable by their (usually five-point) radial symmetry, and include such well-known animals as sea stars, sea urchins, sand dollars, and sea cucumbers, as well as the sea lilies or "stone lilies". Echinoderms are found at every ocean depth, from the intertidal zone to the abyssal zone. The phylum contains about 7000 living species, making it the second-largest grouping of deuterostomes (a superphylum), after the chordates (which include the vertebrates, such as birds, fishes, mammals, and reptiles). Echinoderms are also the largest phylum that has no freshwater or terrestrial (land-based) representatives.  - Pancreatic juice is a liquid secreted by the pancreas, which contains a variety of enzymes, including trypsinogen, chymotrypsinogen, elastase, carboxypeptidase, pancreatic lipase, nucleases and amylase. The pancreas is located in the visceral region, and is a major part of the digestive system required for proper digestion and subsequent assimilation of macronutrient substances required for living.   - Endocrine glands are glands of the endocrine system that secrete their products, "hormones", directly into the blood rather than through a duct. The major glands of the endocrine system include the pineal gland, pituitary gland, pancreas, ovaries, testes, thyroid gland, parathyroid gland, hypothalamus and adrenal glands. The hypothalamus and pituitary gland are neuroendocrine organs.  Local chemical messengers, not generally considered part of the endocrine system, include autocrines, which act on the cells that secrete them, and paracrines, which act on a different cell type nearby.    What is the relationship between 'roy yorke calne' and 'physician'?
A: