Summarize this article:

It was a much-improved display from the Foxes under caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare, who took over after the departure of the man who led them to last season's remarkable title triumph.
The first strike was straight from the 2015-16 playbook as Vardy collected Marc Albrighton's precise long pass before racing clear and finishing low past Simon Mignolet to score his second goal in a week.
The second was an absolute cracker from Vardy's England team-mate Drinkwater, who showed superb technique to lash home his first goal of the campaign from outside the box following a clearance from a long throw.
And Vardy sealed the win with a glancing header from Christian Fuchs' cross in the second half before Philippe Coutinho stroked home a consolation goal.
The goals were the first the Foxes have scored in the league in 2017 and ended a run of five straight top-flight defeats in spectacular fashion.
Liverpool - who would have climbed to third with a victory - have now lost five of their past seven matches in all competitions.
Ranieri's name was everywhere at the King Power - in pre-game conversations, on banners and in chants - as was his face, courtesy of paper masks worn by some Foxes supporters.
The 65-year-old Italian has left an indelible imprint on the club with last season's astonishing success.
However, the inconvenient truth for many is that he was overseeing statistically one of the worst title defences in English top-flight history - one that has left Leicester facing the prospect of become the first reigning champions to be relegated since Manchester City in 1938.
Amid suggestions the players had stopped playing for their former boss, there was an element of damned if you do win and damned if you don't in this game.
However, the need for victory was paramount and they were excellent from start to finish as Shakespeare drew a committed, energetic and ruthless display to improve his chances of steering the club to safety - and possibly succeeding Ranieri on a permanent basis.
The champions also have players in form. Vardy now has three goals in two games and Kasper Schmeichel remains an authoritative presence in goal, as he demonstrated with two big saves to deny Coutinho and Emre Can in the first half and Adam Lallana after the break.
Media playback is not supported on this device
While Leicester have embarked on a demanding February comprising five matches, Liverpool have taken to the field just twice this month and came into this game off the back of a 16-day break, during which they took a training trip to La Manga in Spain.
But instead of looking refreshed, the Reds looked rusty throughout and were simply unable to make an impression on a night when they were always likely to be second on the bill.
Just over 12 months ago, Jurgen Klopp's side were undone on this ground as a Vardy-inspired Leicester consigned them to a defeat that left them 16 points off top spot in eighth.
They are now 14 points behind leaders Chelsea in fifth but look as far away from challenging for the title as they did in 2016.
Goalscorer Coutinho was their only consistent attacking threat, while the defence continues to look shaky - especially with Lucas masquerading at centre-back - and their midfield lacked the industry and bite to compete in the absence of injured captain Jordan Henderson.
They now have a real challenge on their hands if they are to finish in the top four and seal a return to the Champions League next season.
Leicester caretaker manager Craig Shakespeare : "I could see in their eyes that they were up for the fight in the warm-up.
"The professionalism of the players has never been questioned by me. Having taken training with them, I know the the criticism has hurt and perhaps there was a little more fire in the belly because of that.
"They know they are guilty of underperforming - but this is only one result and we must build on that."
Media playback is not supported on this device
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp: "The language issues become a bit harder when you lose. It's hard to find the right words.
"It's not that Leicester were over-aggressive tonight, I think we were not physical enough.
"We knew how Leicester would play, go back to their roots. We could have done much better. We let them be Leicester of last year - that's our fault.
"We should get criticised. This inconsistency makes absolutely no sense."
Media playback is not supported on this device
Leicester host another relegation-threatened side on Saturday when Hull visit the King Power Stadium (15:00 GMT kick-off), followed by the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie with Sevilla at 19:45 on 14 March.
Liverpool host Arsenal in Saturday's 17:30 kick-off and follow that up with another home game the following Sunday when Burnley travel to Anfield (16:00).
Match ends, Leicester City 3, Liverpool 1.
Second Half ends, Leicester City 3, Liverpool 1.
Divock Origi (Liverpool) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Wes Morgan (Leicester City).
Attempt missed. Christian Fuchs (Leicester City) left footed shot from more than 40 yards on the left wing is just a bit too high from a direct free kick.
Foul by James Milner (Liverpool).
Ben Chilwell (Leicester City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Leicester City. Ben Chilwell replaces Marc Albrighton.
Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Christian Fuchs.
Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Kasper Schmeichel.
Attempt saved. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Nathaniel Clyne with a cross.
Attempt blocked. Nathaniel Clyne (Liverpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Roberto Firmino.
Substitution, Liverpool. Ben Woodburn replaces Lucas Leiva.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Delay in match Jamie Vardy (Leicester City) because of an injury.
Attempt missed. Lucas Leiva (Liverpool) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Nathaniel Clyne with a cross following a corner.
Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Danny Simpson.
Substitution, Leicester City. Demarai Gray replaces Riyad Mahrez.
Attempt missed. Daniel Drinkwater (Leicester City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Riyad Mahrez.
Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Kasper Schmeichel.
Attempt missed. Divock Origi (Liverpool) right footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Philippe Coutinho.
Attempt saved. Christian Fuchs (Leicester City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Substitution, Leicester City. Daniel Amartey replaces Shinji Okazaki.
Goal!  Leicester City 3, Liverpool 1. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Emre Can.
Attempt blocked. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Joel Matip.
Substitution, Liverpool. Divock Origi replaces Adam Lallana.
Substitution, Liverpool. Alberto Moreno replaces Sadio Mané.
Attempt missed. Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right following a corner.
Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Kasper Schmeichel.
Attempt saved. Adam Lallana (Liverpool) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Roberto Firmino.
James Milner (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Daniel Drinkwater (Leicester City).
Attempt missed. Joel Matip (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Georginio Wijnaldum.
Goal!  Leicester City 3, Liverpool 0. Jamie Vardy (Leicester City) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Christian Fuchs with a cross.
Offside, Leicester City. Shinji Okazaki tries a through ball, but Jamie Vardy is caught offside.
Corner,  Liverpool. Conceded by Robert Huth.
Attempt blocked. Sadio Mané (Liverpool) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Nathaniel Clyne.
Attempt saved. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.
Offside, Liverpool. Roberto Firmino tries a through ball, but Sadio Mané is caught offside.
Second Half begins Leicester City 2, Liverpool 0.

Summary: