Q:Information:  - Big Fish is a 2003 American fantasy drama film based on the 1998 by Daniel Wallace. The film was directed by Tim Burton and stars Ewan McGregor, Albert Finney, Billy Crudup, Jessica Lange, and Marion Cotillard. Other roles are performed by Steve Buscemi, Helena Bonham Carter, Matthew McGrory, and Danny DeVito among others. Edward Bloom (Finney), a former traveling salesman in the Southern United States with a gift for storytelling, is now confined to his deathbed. Will (Crudup), his estranged son, attempts to mend their relationship as Bloom relates tall tales of his eventful life as a young adult (portrayed by Ewan McGregor in the flashback scenes).  - Disney Channel (originally called The Disney Channel from 1983 to 1997 and commonly shortened to Disney from 1997 to 2002) is an American basic cable and satellite television network that serves as the flagship property of owner Disney Channels Television Group, itself a unit of the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company.  - Naraoka debuted as a cinema actress in the 1949 film "Chijin no Ai", based on the novel "Naomi". In 1981 she appeared in "Reng Kantai" (lit. "Combined Fleet", United States title: "The Imperial Navy"). She also appeared in "Torajir Sarada Kinenbi" (a 1988 movie in the long-running "Otoko wa Tsurai yo" series) as well as eight films in the "Tsuribaka Nisshi" series. Naraoka has appeared in several NHK Taiga dramas. Her first was the 1969 "Ten to Chi to," in the role of the wife of Uesugi Sadazane. She portrayed Kita no Mandokoro (the wife of Toyotomi Hideyoshi) in "Haru no Sakamichi" (1971). Her next Taiga drama appearance was in 1976 in "Kaze to Kumo to Niji to". She narrated the 1986 "Inochi" and 1989 "Kasuga no Tsubone." She is the narrator of the 2008 drama "Atsuhime". Other noteworthy narration roles include the 1983 serialized morning television drama "Oshin". She also narrated "Onna wa Doky" (1992) and "Haru Yo Koi" (19941995). A nonfiction voice role was in the series "".  - Noah Lindsey Cyrus ( born January 8 , 2000 ) is an American child actress . She voiced the title role in the English version of the animated feature film Ponyo . Noah is the younger sister of Miley Cyrus and Trace Cyrus .  - In a modern sense, comedy (from the , "kmidía") refers to any discourse or work generally intended to be humorous or amusing by inducing laughter, especially in theatre, television, film, and stand-up comedy. The origins of the term are found in Ancient Greece. In the Athenian democracy, the public opinion of voters was influenced by the political satire performed by the comic poets at the theaters. The theatrical genre of Greek comedy can be described as a dramatic performance which pits two groups or societies against each other in an amusing agon or conflict. Northrop Frye depicted these two opposing sides as a "Society of Youth" and a "Society of the Old". A revised view characterizes the essential agon of comedy as a struggle between a relatively powerless youth and the societal conventions that pose obstacles to his hopes. In this struggle, the youth is understood to be constrained by his lack of social authority, and is left with little choice but to take recourse in ruses which engender very dramatic irony which provokes laughter.  - She has recorded with Yellow Magic Orchestra and its members Ryuichi Sakamoto, Haruomi Hosono and Yukihiro Takahashi, as well as with Swing Out Sister, Pat Metheny, The Chieftains, Lyle Mays, members of Little Feat, David Sylvian, Mick Karn, Kenji Omura, Gil Goldstein, Toninho Horta, Mino Cinelu, Jeff Bova, Charlie Haden, Peter Erskine, Anthony Jackson, David Rhodes, Bill Frisell, Thomas Dolby, the band Quruli, Rei Harakami as yanokami and her daughter Miu Sakamoto.  - Biography. Nagashima was born in Tokyo, Japan, the oldest son of former Japanese national team manager Shigeo Nagashima and his wife Akiko. His brother, Masaoki, is a race car driver, and his sister, Mina, is a newscaster. Nagashima's wife is his business manager, and they have twin daughters.  - Hollywood Records, Inc. is an American record label of the Disney Music Group. The label focuses in pop, rock, alternative, hip hop, and country genres, as well as specializing in mature recordings not suitable for the flagship Walt Disney Records label. Founded in 1989, its current roster includes artists such as Jordan Fisher, Zella Day, Demi Lovato, Queen, Zendaya, Ocean Park Standoff, Dreamers, Bea Miller, Martina Stoessel, Breaking Benjamin, Jorge Blanco, Sabrina Carpenter, R5, The Young Wild, Olivia Holt, Sofia Carson, Forever in Your Mind, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Boy Epic, and Joywave. The label also releases Marvel Studios's soundtrack and compilation albums in conjunction with Marvel Music.  - Miley Ray Cyrus (born Destiny Hope Cyrus; November 23, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. Born and raised in Franklin, Tennessee, a suburb of Nashville, she held minor roles in the television series "Doc" and the film "Big Fish" in her childhood. Cyrus became a teen idol for her portrayal of the starring character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series "Hannah Montana" in 2006; her father Billy Ray Cyrus additionally starred in the show. Cyrus subsequently signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records; her debut studio album "" (2007) was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for exceeding three million shipments. Cyrus released her second album "Breakout" and launched her film career as a voice actress in the animated film "Bolt" in 2008.  - Hannah Montana, also known as Hannah Montana Forever in its fourth and final season, is an American musical comedy television series created by Michael Poryes, Rich Correll, and Barry O'Brien. It focuses on Miley Stewart (portrayed by Miley Cyrus), who is a teenager living a double life as an average schoolgirl by day and as the famous recording artist Hannah Montana by night. The story follows the daily life of Stewart, her brother, and her friends while also starring Cyrus's country singer father Billy Ray Cyrus as her dad.  - , initially titled in English as Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea, is a 2008 Japanese animated fantasy comedy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki and produced by Studio Ghibli. It is the eighth film Miyazaki directed for Ghibli, and his tenth overall. The film stars the voices of Tomoko Yamaguchi, Kazushige Nagashima, Yki Amami, George Tokoro, Yuria Nara, Hiroki Doi, Rumi Hiiragi, Akiko Yano, Kazuko Yoshiyuki and Tomoko Naraoka. The plot centers on a goldfish named Ponyo who befriends a five-year-old human boy, Ssuke, and wants to become a human girl.  - Profile. Hiiragi began her career as a child actress while at the age of six, appearing in numerous commercials. In 1999, she appeared in the NHK "asadora" "Suzuran", portraying the main character, Moe Tokiwa. In 2001, she worked on Hayao Miyazaki's award-winning anime film "Spirited Away", in which she voiced the film's protagonist, Chihiro, for which her performance was praised. She returned to Ghibli as a voice in their films, "Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea" and "From up on Poppy Hill".  - Born in Bunky, Tokyo, Miyazaki began his animation career in 1963 when he joined Toei Animation. From there, Miyazaki worked as an in-between artist for "Gulliver's Travels Beyond the Moon", where he pitched ideas that eventually became the film's ending. Hayao Miyazaki was also associated with Tokyo Movie Shinsha. He co-directed "Lupin III" with Isao Takahata, provided the screenplay and key animation for "Panda! Go Panda!", provided key animation for the first episode of "Tokyo Giants", provided the original concept for "Jungle Kurobe", provided the director role for "", provided key animation for the "Ulysses 31" pilot in conjunction with Diffusion Information Communication, provided the director role for "The New Adventures of Zorro", provided key animation for the "Inspector Gadget" pilot, and provided the chief director role for season 1 of "Sherlock Hound".    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'father' with the subject 'noah cyrus'.  Choices: - billy ray cyrus  - cable  - danny devito  - david  - hayao miyazaki  - ryuichi sakamoto  - shigeo nagashima  - theatrical  - toyotomi hideyoshi  - walt disney
A: