Information:  - Compact disc (CD) is a digital optical disc data storage format released in 1982 and co-developed by Philips and Sony. The format was originally developed to store and play only sound recordings but was later adapted for storage of data (CD-ROM). Several other formats were further derived from these, including write-once audio and data storage (CD-R), rewritable media (CD-RW), Video Compact Disc (VCD), Super Video Compact Disc (SVCD), Photo CD, PictureCD, CD-i, and Enhanced Music CD. Audio CD players have been commercially available since October 1982, when the first commercially available CD player was released in Japan.  - Toshiba was founded in 1938 as Tokyo Shibaura Electric K.K. through the merger of Shibaura Seisaku-sho (founded in 1875) and Tokyo Denki (founded in 1890). The company name was officially changed to Toshiba Corporation in 1978. Toshiba made a large number of corporate acquisitions during its history, including of Semp in 1977, of Westinghouse Electric LLC, a nuclear energy company in 2006, of Landis+Gyr in 2011, and of IBM's point-of-sale business in 2012.  - Hidden Stash III is the second b - sides and rarities collection from the Kottonmouth Kings , released on November 21 , 2006 , and is a 3 disc CD - DVD combo . The album peaked # 199 on the Billboard 200 and # 12 on the Top Independent Albums chart on the week of December 9 , 2006 . The album is composed of b - sides , remixes , solo tracks from Kottonmouth Kings members , and songs by other artists that feature guest appearances by Kottonmouth Kings members .  - Punk rock (or simply "punk") is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid 1970s in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as "proto-punk" music, punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands typically use short or fast-paced songs, with hard-edged melodies and singing styles, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produce recordings and distribute them through informal channels.  - Dustin Miller (born May 2, 1977), best known by his stage name D-Loc, is an MC in the rap rock group Kottonmouth Kings and rap group Kingspade. The group was signed to Suburban Noize. Miller has been a part of the Kottonmouth Kings since they were the P town Ballers (PTB) in 1994. Miller is also known by the stage names DJ Shakey Bonez, and D-Double Dash.  - Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Royal Philips, commonly known as Philips) is a Dutch technology company headquartered in Amsterdam with primary divisions focused in the areas of electronics, healthcare and lighting. It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891, by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik. It is one of the largest electronics companies in the world and employs around 105,000 people across more than 60 countries.  - Brad Xavier, known by his stage name Daddy X, is a hip hop artist and record producer. He used to be in the punk/hardcore band Doggy Style, in which he went by the stage name of Daddy X. He is the frontman for Kottonmouth Kings, Humble Gods, and X-Pistols (with The Dirtball). He is married to Anna Rose and has a daughter named Sky Blue Xavier, and wrote a song for her on his debut solo album Organic Soul.  - DVD (an abbreviation of "digital versatile disc" or "digital video disc") is a digital optical disc storage format invented and developed by Philips, Sony, Toshiba, and Panasonic in 1995. The medium can store any kind of digital data and is widely used for software and other computer files as well as video programs watched using DVD players. DVDs offer higher storage capacity than compact discs while having the same dimensions.  - Saint Dog is an American singer. Originally from Chisholm, Minnesota, he was an original member of the Kottonmouth Kings along with D-Loc and Brad Daddy X. He started his career as part of the hip hop group P.T.B. (P-Town Ballers) along with D-Loc and Johnny Richter. Daddy X had joined the group, and Johnny Richter had left for personal reasons. The three remaining members formed the Kottonmouth Kings. He contributed to their first three releases ("Stoners Reeking Havoc", "Royal Highness", and "Hidden Stash") before leaving to pursue a career with his brother, Big Hoss. A small feud between Saint Dog and the Kottonmouth Kings had started after the departure of Saint from the group, but quickly simmered down and soon after disappeared altogether. Saint Dog is currently signed to Suburban Noize Records. On November, 18th, 2016 Saint Dog announced he signed a deal with Force 5 Records, a label run by ex Primer 55 vocalist, The DRP, with a new album coming out in early 2017.  - In computing and optical disc recording technologies, an optical disc (OD) is a flat, usually circular disc which encodes binary data (bits) in the form of pits (binary value of 0 or off, due to lack of reflection when read) and lands (binary value of 1 or on, due to a reflection when read) on a special material (often aluminium ) on one of its flat surfaces. The encoding material sits atop a thicker substrate (usually polycarbonate) which makes up the bulk of the disc and forms a dust defocusing layer. The encoding pattern follows a continuous, spiral path covering the entire disc surface and extending from the innermost track to the outermost track. The data is stored on the disc with a laser or stamping machine, and can be accessed when the data path is illuminated with a laser diode in an optical disc drive which spins the disc at speeds of about 200 to 4,000 RPM or more, depending on the drive type, disc format, and the distance of the read head from the center of the disc (inner tracks are read at a higher disc speed). Most optical discs exhibit a characteristic iridescence as a result of the diffraction grating formed by its grooves. This side of the disc contains the actual data and is typically coated with a transparent material, usually lacquer. The reverse side of an optical disc usually has a printed label, sometimes made of paper but often printed or stamped onto the disc itself. Unlike the 3-inch floppy disk, most optical discs do not have an integrated protective casing and are therefore susceptible to data transfer problems due to scratches, fingerprints, and other environmental problems.  - , formerly known as , is a Japanese multinational electronics corporation headquartered in Kadoma, Osaka, Japan.  - Sony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the Sony Group, which is engaged in business through its four operating components  electronics (video games, network services and medical business), motion pictures, music and financial services. These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world. Sony's principal business operations include Sony Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Mobile (formerly Sony Ericsson) and Sony Financial. Sony is among the Semiconductor sales leaders by year and as of 2013, the fourth-largest television manufacturer in the world, after Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and TCL.  - Kottonmouth Kings is an American hip hop group from Placentia, Orange County, California. The band officially formed in 1996, describing their eclectic sound as "psychedelic hip-hop punk rock". Kottonmouth Kings are composed of Daddy X (singer of Humble Gods, X Pistols, former singer of Doggy Style), Lou Dog (drummer of Humble Gods and former drummer of Doggy Style), D-Loc, DJ Bobby B, and newest member/ vocalist, The Dirtball. The group first attracted attention with the song "Suburban Life", which appeared on the soundtrack to the film "Scream 2" (With former member Saint Dog).  - Scream 2 is a 1997 American slasher film directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson. It stars David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jamie Kennedy, Laurie Metcalf, Jerry O'Connell, Jada Pinkett and Liev Schreiber.    What object entity has the relation of 'record label' with the subject 'hidden stash iii'?   Choices: - 1982  - 1995  - 1996  - album  - dash  - digital  - jamie kennedy  - japan  - label  - philips  - record  - rock music  - sony  - suburban noize records  - toshiba  - united kingdom
Answer: