In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Q: Question: What year did the reform movement begin? Passage 1:CNN claims that Shubert was one of the first CNN correspondents to report on the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and resulting tsunami, reporting from Aceh, Indonesia, where she was vacationing at the time. Also in Indonesia, Shubert covered a number of major new events that included the 2002 Bali bombings, the fall of Indonesian President Abdurrahman Wahid and the inauguration of President Megawati Sukarnoputri, East Timor's transition to independence, the resurgence of the Free Aceh separatist movement, the religious conflict in Ambon City and the fall of former Indonesian President Suharto and resulting reform movement. Shubert also briefly covered the Schapelle Corby verdict in Bali; however, due to the time consuming and overall expensive nature of this landmark court case, CNN eventually opted to run stock footage obtained from its Australian network affiliates instead of direct reporting. Shubert has also contributed reports from the Philippines and Singapore.
 Passage 2:He was born in Iju, a town close to Akure and Idanre in Ondo State to the family of Joshua Adamolekun, a farmer and Madam Juliana Bama. Educated at Oyemekun Grammar School and Christ's School Ado Ekiti. He earned a first class degree in French at the University of Ibadan, a master's degree in Public Administration at Ife and a doctoral degree in politics at Oxford University. He joined the faculty of Administration at the Obafemi Awolowo University of Ife, in 1968, and from 1979–1982, he was dean of the faculty. During his tenure at Ife, he focused on the institutions of administration in Africa especially the transplanted French traditional norms of Administration in francophone countries and civil and political management in NIgeria.
 Passage 3:Heftye served one term in Kristiania city council, from 1907 to 1910. On 19 March 1908, when the Knudsen's First Cabinet assumed office, he was appointed for his second term as Minister of Defence. He resigned already on 10 April the same year, because Prime Minister Gunnar Knudsen refused to seek a vote of confidence in Parliament, a form of investiture. This was a problematic question at that time, as Norway had made important steps towards parliamentarism, but not formalized the process with change of government. Former Prime Minister Christian Michelsen had asked for a vote of confidence following the 1906 general election, and survived. When he retired from politics in 1907 due to illness, Jørgen Løvland took over, but he was felled in 1908. In early 1908, the Liberal Party had evicted 24 legislators who supported Christian Michelsen and the endeavors of the Coalition Party (later leading to the creation of the Liberal Left Party), and hence, when Knudsen took over, he had no way of achieving a parliamentary majority. In that situation he could not expect to survive a vote of confidence. It has been said that parliamentarism works best in a two-party system, which Norway did not have at that time, and has never had since, although the Coalition Party tried to implement it. On the other hand, Knudsen and his cabinet resigned following the 1909 general election, which the Liberal Party lost. Such an action is not required by law, but if not carried through, the cabinet would most likely face a vote of no confidence.

A: