An unfeasibly slender mother-of-four has set a new Guiness World Record by eating 12lbs of pudding in just three minutes. Nebraska-based Molly Schuyler, 34, a competitive eater with several food guzzling accolades to her name already, smashed the previous world record, which was a paltry 2lbs 15oz of pudding in the same time. The stomach-churning feat was performed on Dish Nation and uploaded to YouTube, and sees the slim brunette consume a whopping 15,120 calories in one sitting - that's the equivalent of over seven days' worth of recommended calorie intake for a woman. Scroll down for video. Pudding guzzler: Molly Schuyler, a 34-year-old mother-of-four, consumed exactly 12lbs of pudding in a record-smashing three minutes, earning herself a Guiness World Record. In the three minute stunt, which tows the fine like between revolting and riveting, Ms Schuyler crouches eagerly over the enormous glass bowl of creamy pudding and shovels it down her throat with hawk-like concentration and lightning-fast spoon-to-mouth motion. The five hosts behind her observe slack-jawed with disbelief, one repeatedly questioning: 'Is she even breathing?' 'I don’t think she’s swallowing, I think it’s just, like, this natural gravitational pull', observes another. Determination: The bony speed-eating champion barely came up for air once during the bizarre feat, leading one stunned host to question whether she was even breathing. She certainly earned that! Ms Schuyler beat the previous world record an astonishing six times over, devouring more than a week's worth of recommended calorie intake in just one sitting. At one point, Ms Schuyler pauses to let out an almighty belch, before dutifully returning to the task at hand, her cheeks smeared with the custard colored goop. 'I'm so scared for what's going to happen after!' squeals one queasy looking judge, sheepishly clutching a black garbage bin in preparation for a possible resurgence. But no, Ms Schuyler completes the task and gracefully accepts her certificate as she is welcomed into the Guiness World Record 'family'. Where did it all go? With a petite frame, at 5ft 7in and 125 pounds, her eating abilities are truly incredible. Make mine a large! Ms Schuyler has been competitive eating for less than a year and says she eats to support her four kids. Not only has the ravenous mother defied previous records, she's overcome the normal abilities of the human stomach, which can usually only stretch to hold a capacity of 8lbs. And it's far from the first time she has demonstrated her eating prowess for the world to see. She is currently ranked the number one Female Independent Competitive Eater in the world. Other records include demolishing a 12lb sandwich washed down with 1lb of French fries in just under an hour - the only woman to even finish this particular challenge. Slender: Mrs Schuyler's slim physique, and the fact that she has birthed four kids, may come as a surprise to those who've watched her eat. New-found skill: The full-time server only started eating competitively last August. She also devoured a 72oz steak, the size of a newborn baby, in under three minutes in January of this year, and competed in over 20 different food eating contests nationwide in 2013. Ms Schuyler, who serves food for a living, has spoken previously of her unusual talent, saying: ‘It's an unexplained phenomenon. I was just born that way. I started doing this about a year ago, and I guess it's like a stupid human trick.' Her husband, Sean, also says she is 'amazing when it comes to eating.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: