Q:Information:  - The FAL, or Fusil Automatique Léger ("Light Automatic Rifle"), is a semi-automatic/selective fire battle rifle produced by the Belgian armaments manufacturer Fabrique Nationale de Herstal (FN). During the Cold War it was adopted by many North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) countries, with the notable exception of the United States. It is one of the most widely used rifles in history, having been used by more than 90 countries.  - The CAL ( Carabine Automatique Légère ) was a Belgian weapon manufactured by Fabrique Nationale . It was the first 5.56 mm rifle produced by the Fabrique Nationale . It resembled the company 's highly successful FN FAL , but was an original design . Unlike the FAL , it was a market failure , although its development led to the reasonably successful FN FNC .  - Fabrique Nationale d'Herstal (French for: National Factory of Herstal)  self identified as FN Herstal and often referred to as Fabrique Nationale or simply FN  is a leading firearms manufacturer located in Herstal, Belgium, and is owned by the holding company Herstal Group which is owned by the regional government of Wallonia. It is currently the largest exporter of military small arms in Europe.  - The Cold War was a state of political and military tension after World War II between powers in the Eastern Bloc (the Soviet Union and its satellite states) and powers in the Western Bloc (the United States, its NATO allies and others). Historians do not fully agree on the dates, but a common timeframe is the period (the second half of the 20th century) between 1947, the year the Truman Doctrine (a U.S. policy pledging to aid nations threatened by Soviet expansionism) was announced, and 1991, the year the Soviet Union collapsed.  - The FN FNC (French: "Fabrique Nationale Carabine") is a 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle developed by the Belgian arms manufacturer FN Herstal and introduced in the late 1970s.  - The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO  '), also called the North Atlantic Alliance, is an intergovernmental military alliance based on the North Atlantic Treaty which was signed on 4 April 1949. The organization constitutes a system of collective defence whereby its member states agree to mutual defence in response to an attack by any external party. Three NATO members are permanent members of the United Nations Security Council with the power to veto and are officially nuclear-weapon states: the United States, France and the United Kingdom. NATO's headquarters are located in Haren, Brussels, Belgium, where the Supreme Allied Commander also resides. Belgium is one of the 28 member states across North America and Europe, the newest of which, Albania and Croatia, joined in April 2009. An additional 22 countries participate in NATO's Partnership for Peace program, with 15 other countries involved in institutionalized dialogue programmes. The combined military spending of all NATO members constitutes over 70% of the global total. Members' defence spending is supposed to amount to 2% of GDP.  - A battle rifle is a military service rifle that fires a full-power rifle cartridge, such as 7.62×51mm NATO, 7.62×54mmR, 7.92x57mm Mauser, .303 British, or .30-06 Springfield. Compared to assault rifles and their intermediate cartridges, the higher-caliber rounds provide greater power and range, though they have greater weight and produce stronger recoil, making them less than ideal for fully automatic fire.    What object entity has the relation of 'manufacturer' with the subject 'fn cal'?   Choices: - fn herstal  - mauser  - soviet union  - united kingdom
A: