Given the question: Information:  - Pankaj Kapur is an Indian theatre, television and film actor from Ludhiana, Punjab, India. He has appeared in several television serials and films. His most acclaimed film roles to date have been that of Inspector P.K. in "Raakh" (1989), Dr. Dipankar Roy in "Ek Doctor Ki Maut" (1991) and Abba ji, (based on Shakespeare's King Duncan) in Vishal Bhardwaj's adaptation of "Macbeth"; Maqbool (2003), all three roles which got him National Film Awards. He along with Naseeruddin Shah, Om Puri, Irrfan Khan, Kay Kay Menon, Manoj Bajpayee and Nawazuddin Siddiqui are considered the "Walking Acting school of India.".  - The story is about Gaurav Gupta ( Ajay Devgn ) , a successful businessman , who started with nothing and believes that only money can fuel his ambitions . When he interests himself on building a tower in an abandoned village , he makes his mind up and agrees to build it at any cost . However , the owner of the land , Shrikant Vardhan ( Javed Sheikh ) does not accept the tower to be built . Therefore , Gaurav tricks Shrikant 's son Jaidev ( Shahid Kapoor ) , who is infected by the get - rich - quick virus , to join his scheme . Jaidev , while respecting his father 's philosophy , falls hook line and sinker for Gaurav 's gilt - edged dreams . Gaurav uses his girlfriend Natasha ( Bipasha Basu ) to charm Jaidev by pretending to be in love with him so that he supports them instead of his own father . Meanwhile , Shrikant hopes that his son will return to his roots . Gaurav and Natasha even trick him by pretending to be a construction / ad agency partnered with actor John Abraham . Jaidev falls for the plan with Gaurav blackmailing him along the way . However , according to Shrikant 's philosophy , truth always beats lies and deceit . Who will win this war of greed vs. nature ? Watch this taught thriller and find out !  - Bipasha Basu (born 7 January 1979), also known by her married name Bipasha Basu Singh Grover, is an Indian film actress and model. Primarily known for her work in Hindi films, she has also appeared in Tamil, Telugu, Bengali and English language films. One of the most popular and highest-paid actresses in India, Basu is the recipient of numerous accolades, including one Filmfare Award, among six nominations. Particularly known for her work in the thriller and horror film genres, she is frequently cited in the media as a sex symbol.  - Shiamak Davar (born 19 October 1961) is an Indian choreographer, noted as one of the first to bring contemporary jazz and western forms of dance to India. He is known as the guru of contemporary dance in India. He is responsible for modernizing Indias dance scene especially in the film and theatre industries. He is respected for his ever-evolving and very popular Shiamak Style of dance. He was the director of choreography for the Commonwealth Games, Melbourne and Commonwealth Games, Delhi. In 2011 he choreographed the dance sequences for the movie .  - Shahid Kapoor (born 25 February 1981), also known as Shahid Khattar, is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films. The son of actors Pankaj Kapur and Neelima Azeem, Kapoor was born in New Delhi. His parents separated when he was three, and he continued living with his mother. They moved to Mumbai when has was 10, where he joined Shiamak Davar's dance academy. Kapoor appeared as a background dancer in a few films of the 1990s, and was later featured in music videos and television commercials.    'shikhar ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'country of origin'?  Choices: - hindi  - india
The answer is: