News article:

Buckinghamshire artist Tomas Georgeson has left a blank cheque for £8,000 in Milton Keynes Gallery in the hope it will raise local interest in the town’s fledgling art scene. Georgeson told the Telegraph that he concealed the cheque in the gallery on Tuesday morning, and has placed an advert in a local paper to inform local residents. The advert, which will be printed in The Milton Keynes Citizen on Thursday, says: “A blank cheque for £8,000 has been hidden somewhere in the public spaces of Milton Keynes Gallery. It will be collected on 1 March 2013 if unclaimed.” 
  
 Georgeson says that he decided to hide the cheque as a statement of support for the gallery, and that he wanted to “get people through the door and change the mood of the place.” 
  
 When the new town was devised in the late 1960s, Milton Keynes received generous funding for the arts in an attempt to encourage local culture. However, Georgeson says that the “brave” creative decisions that helped form the town in the 1970s had slowed by the 1980s to make way for developments which would generate cash flow more quickly. “You can’t just implant culture in a city and expect it to thrive,” Georgeson says. “But now it seems it’s the time for culture to come to Milton Keynes.” 
  
 While Georgeson says that he’ll stand by the cheque as an artistic statement, it is meant as a benevolent gesture to the gallery and its visitors, rather than an intrusion on the exhibited work. “The integrity of what the gallery does is fantastic,” he comments, “but I see a disconnect between the gallery and the public.” 
  
 Georgeson says that the £8,000 represents nearly all the money he has. “It won’t bounce if somebody finds the cheque and cashes it. I’m prepared to live with the consequences of that happening, and I could only be prepared if I thought it would really do some good” he said. ||||| An art gallery is at the centre of an off-the-wall treasure hunt - after an artist claimed to have hidden an £8,000 cheque among its exhibits. 
  
 Milton Keynes Gallery said it had no prior knowledge of Tomas Georgeson's apparent attempt to boost its visitor numbers by concealing the cheque - with the payee left blank - in one of its public spaces. 
  
 Mr Georgeson, who has previously worked as a volunteer at the 300-square-metre gallery, hopes the potential windfall will boost interest in local art and break down a "disconnect" between the visitor attraction and the public. 
  
 He told The Daily Telegraph: "It won't bounce if somebody finds the cheque and cashes it. 
  
 "I'm prepared to live with the consequences of that happening, and I could only be prepared if I thought it would really do some good." 
  
 The Buckinghamshire-based artist is reportedly planning to collect the cheque on 1 March if it has not been found. 
  
 Milton Keynes Gallery's communications director, Katharine Sorensen, was only made aware of the artist's claims when she was contacted by a reporter yesterday. 
  
 Ms Sorensen told the Press Association: "I put the phone down and went and had a look (around the gallery) with colleagues and couldn't see anything. 
  
 "It's not something we know about and we can't confirm or deny whether it's a hoax or not." 
  
 Ms Sorensen said the director of the gallery had made contact with Mr Georgeson after news of his offer broke. 
  
 "He (Mr Georgeson) says he has placed something in the gallery, but that it is not underneath or on any artwork so there is no need for anyone to touch the actual exhibits," Ms Sorensen added. 
  
 PA |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?