If you're feeling inadequate or immature, it probably stems from not finding and pursuing your true talents. Part of becoming an adult, in this sense, is reaching a degree of independence. Start by trying several jobs or activities to find what you're naturally skilled at. For example, you might volunteer at a hospital and discover that you're great at working with people or handling difficult situations. This might lead you to pursue a career that's people-oriented. Studies suggests that the people who are happiest with their lives find their natural talents and pursue them. This is more important than choosing a career based on popularity or income. Since no two people ever follow the exact same life path, your own development as a person will be unique. This can be difficult to appreciate since people live in communities and societies that often have expectations and age-related milestones. For example, your society might expect you to get an education, find a job, and start a family, in that order. Or, you might be expected to care for a family member instead of starting off on your own. It can be hard to know what to do when social expectations conflict with what you'd like to do with your life. Remember that research suggests that those who are happiest with their lives aren’t necessarily those who chose their career path based upon its prestige. Find which activities, people, or things make you act with the most enthusiasm and passion. This will help you feel more independent and competent in your daily life. Avoid simply acting on an impulse. Instead, give some thought to what you're already motivated by and learn to use these abilities. For example, you may realize that you're passionate about teaching others. Use this knowledge to look for opportunities to use that enthusiasm. You may tutor classmates, teach in a school, or go to school to become an educator. Start by making a list of as many happy situations you can remember. Write down as many details regarding the events as you can remember. A list will help you figure out what it was about these situations that made you happy or energetic. You may notice that you were with the same few people. Or, maybe you found that you enjoy figuring out challenges. Since different things make different people happy, it's important that you know what you enjoy. For example, your list might have something like playing video games, playing the drums, or painting. This might lead you to realize that you're happiest when you're working with your hands. This is especially true if you're a young adult, relying on your parents to support you. Take steps to take care of yourself and your needs. This might mean getting a job to support yourself financially. Or, if you notice you're lonely, schedule time with friends to get some company.  Avoid relying on others to take care of you and look after your needs. Part of growing up is recognizing that you are the one that's responsible for you. Once you're supporting yourself, it will become easier to make your own decisions and stand by them. While you're growing up, others often make all your decisions for you, be they major or minor ones. Part of becoming your own person is moving to make your own choices. You might start with smaller choices, like which classes to sign up for in school or where you want to eat. Gradually, start making larger life decisions for yourself. For example, if you're unhappy in your job, you can decide to quit or change careers. Or, if you're tired of living with your parents or a roommate, you can decide to move out on your own.

Summary: