ROYAL SCANDAL BRITS FUME OVER TOPLESS PIX OF PRINCE'S GAL

By ELLEN TUMPOSKY and HELEN KENNEDY Daily News Writers

Thursday, May 27th 1999, 2:10AM

LONDON The Brits were in a royal tizzy again yesterday after London's biggest tabloid printed a topless picture of princess-to-be Sophie Rhys-Jones, a commoner who is to marry Prince Edward in three weeks.

What would have been another silly royal scandal a few years ago has become a national uproar in the wake of Princess Diana's death, which was widely blamed on Fleet Street's disregard for royal privacy.

The hullabaloo was so enormous the tabloid Sun actually issued a groveling apology.

The 11-year-old snapshot published in the Sun showed Rhys-Jones gallivanting with star radio disc jockey Chris Tarrant during a 1988 business trip to Spain. Taken by another deejay, Kara Noble, the saucy snap shows Tarrant yanking up a laughing Rhys-Jones' bikini top, exposing one breast.

At the time, Rhys-Jones, a pretty blonde with a rambunctious past who now heads her own public relations firm, worked in promotions at Capital Radio, where Tarrant and Noble were on-air personalities.

Rhys-Jones, whose June 19 wedding at Windsor Castle is much anticipated in Britain, leaked word that she felt "utterly betrayed" by the Sun and by Noble, who sold the photo for a reported $160,000.

"This has ruined my engagement. This [wedding] was supposed to be the happiest day of my life," Rhys-Jones told the Daily Mail. Her prince, she said, was "totally disgusted and livid."

The 34-year-old exec did not go to work yesterday, avoiding passing newsstands plastered with the screaming headline: "Sophie Topless!"

Queen Elizabeth was said to be horrified. Buckingham Palace made a formal complaint yesterday to the Press Complaints Commission, calling the photo publication "premeditated cruelty" and "a gross invasion of privacy."

Rhys-Jones has waited six years for this wedding, through a lengthy courtship that fueled malicious speculation about Prince Edward's sexuality.

Noble, who left Capital Radio in 1995 for rival Heart FM, was fired.

The picture ran on page 3 of the Sun a space usually reserved for less posh topless women.

Londoners lined up on Rhys-Jones' side, comparing Noble to the reviled heel James Hewitt, Diana's onetime lover who told all for money.

"They haven't learned anything from Diana, have they," said Sue Ray. "The woman hasn't even married Edward yet, and they already have parts of her anatomy in the paper."

"Leave Sophie alone," Tarrant said on his radio show. "Haven't you learned anything from the death of Princess Diana?"

The other tabs, not to be outdone, howled at the Sun's lack of propriety.

"Shame on You," blared one headline. "This Disgusting Betrayal," yowled another. "How Many More Will They Smear?" demanded a third.

Chastened, Sun editor David Yelland issued a statement saying, "We clearly upset Miss Rhys-Jones. It's clear to me that we have caused her great distress. I have therefore decided to apologize to her and to the palace."

He said he didn't expect to be invited to the wedding.

MEMORABLE MOMENTS IN UNCOVERAGE OF FERGIE

August 1997: Princess Diana made front-page news with this shipboard smooch with new love Dodi Fayed, weeks before the couple was killed in car crash.

November 1993: Secret camera in gym catches leotard-clad Diana in mid-workout. The stealthy snap infuriated the princess.

August 1992: Shutterbug catches Fergie cavorting topless with American financier John Bryan. In another shot, he is seen sucking the Duchess of York's toes poolside.

Write a one or two sentence summary.