Q: Given a post that is a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation and a question asks if AUTHOR, NOBODY, EVERYBODY, or OTHER is wrong in the situation. Answer the question and classify your answers into yes or no.
Is OTHER wrong in the post ? POST : Mobile - sorry for formatting

This happened like a year ago. So I used to do highland dancing with my brother. I'd compete, do shows, etc. But after 2-3 years of dancing I started to hate it. My dance teacher didn't like me, I had no friends at the studio, and my younger brother was actually better than me, so I felt like a failure. Anyways, I had told my parents and my dance teacher that I was not going to compete anymore. I said I will keep dancing to stay active and do some little shows for fun. I emphasized this a lot. Only for fun, and only small shows. I still wasn't liking it though. I had awful balance, was darker-skinned and shorter than all the others and I overall just didn't fit in. So one day my mom is telling me about this show my brother and the other girls are doing at some boating club or something. I felt like the tone was weird, and I was right. She told me a girl had gotten sick with the stomach flu and they wanted a replacement. I said no, I told you I wanted to stop and it was stressing me out. She said she TOLD THE TEACHER I WOULD ANYWAYS. WITHOUT ASKING ME. I burst into tears, freaked the fuck out, and basically had an anxiety attack. she told me this the literal night before by the way. I didn't even know the dances and routines, like AT ALL. I go in for extra classes that night and the next day and get a shaky grasp of the routine. I go to the show, sweating, hyperventilating, etc. We do the dances and stuff pretty well. I think me and another girl both made a few mistakes. The dance teacher singled me out after and got upset at only me. I was sad and felt unappreciated. I go home that night, cry, fall asleep. The next day I post a pic of my dance shoes on my instagram story with the caption "ur supposed to ask the backup dancers before u make them backup dance lol". I know I fucked up. I know it was awful and mean and I was a terrible person. I didn't mean for anyone to see it, I was just sad and upset and felt betrayed. So the next week my fam and I go out for a nice dinner. My brother then says, AT THE DINNER TABLE that my dance teacher told him that she hated me. SHE TOLD MY BROTHER AND NOT ME, IN FRONT OF THE WHOLE DANCE CLASS. She had somehow seen the story, but she didn't have insta, so somebody showed it to her. I knew they didn't like me but I didn't think they'd do that. I almost cried at the dinner table, and when we got home I went upstairs and cried. I was scared and angry and sorry for what I did, so I right away delete it, email my dance teacher and the girl I filled for that I was really sorry, I didn't want to offend them, and that it was kinda a jab at my mom. I never went back to dance. The girl seems to have forgiven me, and she is honestly the sweetest person. i think she was the only one who didn't hate me there. I then basically hid from my dance teacher for a few months, never going to pick up my brother, never going to his shows or comps. My mom forced me to come see her at the studio christmas party. I bought her some cookies from Scotland in a cute highland dancer-patterned tin. She seemed to have forgiven me, kind of. I've seen her a few times since. 
my question is, did I do something wrong? Everyone is siding with her, but i was literally forced into something I didn't want nor know how to do, then berated when i fucked it up. What the fuck?
A: