In order to convince your parents to let you have a dog, you need to be persuasive. You will be in a better position to convince them if you are well informed. Begin to research your presentation by looking into different dog breeds.  When you talk to your parents, you will want to be as specific as possible. You will sound more convincing if you are able to make definitive statements such as, "Mom, Dad, the Jack Russell Terrier is the right dog for us." Start by looking at different dog breeds online. You can even take a quiz about what type of dog is right for you.  Use some websites such as the American Kennel Club site to figure out what type of dog you should ask for. For example, if your sister might be allergic, look into a Yorkshire Terrier. If your mom is worried that a dog will be messy, you can look for a dog that doesn't shed heavily. Research dachshunds, which are a small, neat dog. Go to your local or school library. Ask the reference librarian to help you find some books that offer information about different breeds of small dogs. Adopting a dog is a great way to add a pet to your family. With adoption, you can rescue an animal who needs a home. You can also save money, as you won't have to pay an expensive breeder.  Once you have an idea about some of the breeds you are interested in, contact your local animal shelter. The staff and volunteers there will be able to provide you with some helpful information. State that you are looking for a small dog and offer any other specific requirements that you have. For example, tell the staff whether you are looking for a puppy or an older dog. Ask if they regularly have a wide selection of dogs that might fit your needs. For example, you can say, "Will it be fairly easy to adopt a small dog such as a dachshund or terrier?" Collect other information. Find out what information you and your parents will need to provide in order to adopt a dog. You can also ask how long the process takes. The best way to convince your parents to let you have a dog is to prepare a thoroughly researched presentation. You will definitely want to include the financial aspects of dog ownership in your request. Do some research about how much it costs to adopt and raise a dog.  Talk to the experts. You can ask the staff at the shelter how much the adoption fees are and if you will need to pay for vaccinations. Contact a local vet. You can phone the office and ask for general pricing information. Ask how much it will cost to spay or neuter a dog, and how much regular office check-ups cost. Visit a local pet store. You can price food, toys, and grooming products. Combine all of your information to figure out the monthly cost of dog ownership. If you plan to pay for part of the dog's care, make that part of your presentation, too. Your parents will want to make sure that you understand how much time it takes to care for a dog. For the next part of your presentation preparation, figure out how you will fit dog care into your family's routine. This will help show your parents that you have put a lot of thought into caring for the dog.  Think about how much time it will take to exercise your dog each day. Do you have a yard where he can play independently? Or will you need to make sure to walk him? If you are asking for a puppy, think about how long it will take to train the dog. Are you planning to spend some time each day helping to house train the dog? Make a calendar that shows the breakdown of how much time you will spend caring for the dog. If you are asking other family members to help, make sure to make that clear.

Summary: