By. Martin Robinson. PUBLISHED:. 05:16 EST, 30 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 05:40 EST, 30 January 2013. A Lothario lorry driver who wooed two women with marriage proposals then stole their life savings has been jailed for 20 months. Derek McMaster, 64, got engaged to both victims - one a kidney patient on dialysis - then plundered their bank accounts leaving them 'permanently scarred'. These women only realised they were being two-timed as they plucked up courage to give evidence during his trial at Warrington Crown Court in Cheshire. Divorcee Jean Antrobus thought she had found the perfect gentleman, who behaved like an ‘angel’, buying her flowers every week and taking her away for romantic trips by the sea. But all the time he was stealing her money. Victim: Divorcee Jean Antrobus, pictured left, was one of the two women targeted by conman Derek McMaster, right, who was jailed for 20 months for his scam. McMaster of Falcon Hey, Liverpool, exploited his victims through lonely heart adverts in local newspapers and posed as a police officer, putting on a uniform and pretending to go to work. He changed his plea to guilty minutes before a jury was about to be sworn in. Recorder Andrew Long said: 'This case involved the deliberate exploitation by you, of two vulnerable women. 'It's clear both women have been scarred, I suspect permanently. 'You then gave self-pitying excuses for what you had done.' Prosecuting, Andrew Green described how McMaster first targeted kidney dialysis patient Margaret Dickinson. The 64-year-old has renal failure, Chron's disease and chronic arthritis. The 'perfect gentleman' moved in and became her carer, gaining trust to use her bank card and steal £3,150 between March and June last year. Elaborate: Warrington Crown Court (pictured) found that McMaster's victims did not know they were being two-timed until they arrived to give evidence. McMaster then moved on to Runcorn mum-of-two Jean Antrobus, aged 64, who the court heard desperately wanted 'a companion to stop feeling so alone'.. She 'trusted him immediately', with McMaster claiming to be a semi-retired Merseyside Police officer, and even leaving the house in uniform. The fraudster asked her to marry him, then used her bank card to steal £5,275. He used the cash to pay for a ring, meals out and holidays to Rhyl. His deceit was uncovered when his victim attempted to pay for plastic surgery but found her card was over its limit. She needed counselling as a result and now feels 'so guilty over my own stupidity'. The former shop worker said earlier this month: ‘I had been married for 38 years. I’d never answered a lonely. hearts advert in my  life before, but I was feeling a bit fed up so I. decided to ring the number. ‘He was an angel at first, he bought me bouquets of flowers every week and took me away for weekends, a real gentleman. ‘He. said, “Let’s get married. I never loved anyone like you”. He was. convincing and I loved him, but now I realise I was paying for it all. along.’ Last June the. couple held  a big engagement party, but  by that time McMaster had. already been stealing from her on a regular basis. ‘He said he was a. retired police officer and worked part time,’ she added. ‘He. had a full uniform and handcuffs and used to come home with tales of. how he had arrested drug users, but now I know he had simply bought the. outfit over the internet.’ She said: 'It was terrible because I had got to love him. 'I've had to have anti-depressants to get through it. 'He's a rotter, a horrible man. I don't want him to break someone else's heart.'

Write highlights for this article.