Write some highlights for the following article:

Michael Laudrup has emerged as favourite to replace Harry Redknapp as manager at QPR. Tim Sherwood had been considered the man to take over but those talks have stalled while QPR chairman Tony Fernandes tweeted on Tuesday to say he has found the 'dream' replacement for Redknapp, who resigned last week. 'Think I have got my dream manager. Not what anyone thinks. Take a while. Still a bit to go but I'm very happy. Press all wrong. Michael Laudrup is the favourite to succeed Harry Redknapp as QPR's manager this season. Former Tottenham boss Tim Sherwood was the early frontrunner for the vacant job at Loftus Road. 'Focus tonight is on the game. Support Chris and the boys. We are all in this together and want what's best for QPR. Come on you rssss.' Laudrup's odds have been slashed from 40/1 to 3/1 favourite by some bookmakers - with one major company suspending all betting on the potential outcome. The 50-year-old is currently coaching in Qatar after a two-year stint with Swansea City ended with his sacking a year ago. During his time in south Wales, Laudrup guided the Swans to their first major trophy in their history with the 2012/13 Capital One Cup trophy in his debut season at the club. Sherwood, who has been odds on since  Redknapp stepped down, has drifted from 1/3 to 7/1 - the same price as the potentially outgoing Brentford manager, Mark Warburton. Laudrup has experience of managing in the Premier League following a two-year spell at Swansea City. Laudrup guided the Swans to their first major trophy in their history with the 2012/13 Capital One Cup trophy. Sherwood (right) was believed to have had talks to replace Harry Redknapp - who quit earlier this month. Redknapp will undergo double knee replacement surgery in coming weeks - and quit due to that resason. Sherwood, who worked under Redknapp during his time at Tottenham, was believed to have opened talks with QPR last week over becoming their next manager. Redknapp quit Loftus Road earlier this month, citing the fact he requires two knee operations as the reason behind his decision. Sherwood was understood to be the preferred choice of Les Ferdinand, who has been given a new role as director of football by chairman Fernandes, but it appears that the club have decided to go in a different direction with Laudrup. Ferdinand had been placed in temporary charge of the first-team along with coach Chris Ramsey but the latter oversaw their 1-0 Premier League defeat at home to Southampton on Saturday alongside Kevin Bond. The duo are also in charge of the club's midweek crunch clash away to Sunderland on Tuesday night. Ramsey took charge of QPR's 1-0 Premier League home defeat against Southampton on Saturday. Earlier on Tuesday, Japan's football chiefs refused to comment on reports linking Danish former Barcelona and Real Madrid star Laudrup to the national team's vacant coaching job. Laudrup, who won league titles as a player with some of Europe's biggest clubs, had emerged as a possible replacement for sacked Mexican Javier Aguirre. Former England coach Glenn Hoddle, who left his role as part of QPR's coaching staff following Redknapp's exit, is also believed to be in the running for the Japan job. QPR will be hoping to have a new manager in place by the time of their Premier League trip to Hull on February 21. The west London outfit currently sit 19th in the Premier League table with 19 points after 24 games, but are yet to pick up a single point away from home. QPR's Rio Ferdinand (centre) and team-mates warm-up ahead of Tuesday's match against Sunderland.