By. Ellie Buchdahl. PUBLISHED:. 05:12 EST, 12 October 2013. |. UPDATED:. 05:36 EST, 12 October 2013. A woman found an unexploded bomb at the back of her neighbour's garden when she popped over to help out by mowing the lawn. Anne Mawdsley was just about to start cutting the grass when she found the rusty object - lying on the top of the soil. The 67-year-old recognised the device straight away and called police to the house in Formby, Merseyside, where she had been helping out while her neighbour, Amy, was at work. Unexploded: The wartime bomb, which was said to have been found on top of the soil at the bottom of the Merseyside garden. Mrs Mawdsley, who has lived in her house for 45 years, said: 'It is definitely the most remarkable thing I have ever dug up in the garden. 'I always try to help out my neighbour Amy as much as I can, and it doesn't take me long to mow my lawn so I decided to pop round and do her's while she was at work. 'I spotted it on top of the soil at the bottom of the garden, and my first thought was that it looked like a bomb. Discovery: Anne Mawdsley, who found the bomb, said it brought back memories of her parents as her father served in the military. 'She had some work men in the day before who were putting up some new fencing and posts. 'They must have dug it up and left it - one of them had been hitting it with a spade! 'They are lucky that it didn't go off. 'I asked the police to pop round, and I think they thought I was joking at first. Homes nearby were evacuated and the street was closed for over an hour as some 15 police officers turned up, Mrs Mawdsley said. A. controlled explosion was then carried out by experts from the Explosive. Ordnance Disposal Unit on Formby beach, around three hours after the device. was first discovered.:. "We went round to a friend's house for a coffee and she couldn't believe what I'd found,' said Mrs Mawdsley. The green-fingered neighbour, whose father had served in the Russian Convoy when she was a child, said finding the bomb 'brought back memories' of her parents. 'I knew what it was as soon as I laid eyes on it,' she said. 'I'd seen deactivated bombs and replicas in museums before, and from watching old war films. 'I had the strangest nights sleep after I found it, and I dreamt a lot about my mother. 'I think that finding it must have triggered all of those old memories for me. 'It's amazing to think it has just been buried there all this time, and had the builders not dug up the soil, we might never have found it.' Evacuated: The back garden of the house in Formby, where the bomb was found. The street had to be cleared while experts removed the bomb to detonate it. Mrs Mawdsley's husband Bart added: 'It would be interesting to find out where it came from, and when it was dropped there. 'We've lived here for more than 40 years and it has been buried just metres away all this time. 'These houses were built in the 1920s but before that it was all just fields and farmland around here, so it makes sense.' A spokesperson from Merseyside Police said: 'We received a call that a member of the public had found what was described as a large device thought to be a World War Two bomb. 'Officers attended and the bomb disposal unit was called in to carry out a controlled explosion.' While it is not known where the bomb came from, the small RAF station of RAF Woodvale lies on the outskirts of Formby. The three-runway airfield, which opened in 1941, was a fighter station during the Second World War. The last operational Spitfire plane flew from RAF Woodvale in 1957.

What are highlight points for this article?