By. Rob Cooper. PUBLISHED:. 11:13 EST, 2 April 2013. |. UPDATED:. 12:00 EST, 2 April 2013. A teenage motor scooter rider who was caught on camera standing up and waving his arms around while driving to 'show off to his mates' has been banned from the roads. The 16-year-old boy spread his arms out wide in a stunt which 'horrified' magistrates on an A-road. The youth, who cannot be named, was travelling with a group of friends on the A63 near Selby, North Yorkshire, when he was caught on camera by a mobile police traffic camera. Scroll down for video. Dangerous stunt: The boy, 16, stands up on his scooter as he rides down a dual carriageway in Selby, North Yorkshire. Scroll down to see the video. Police who caught the incident on camera said he was 'posing like Jesus Christ' on his 49cc scooter. Niall Carlin, prosecuting at York. Magistrates Court today, said: 'The photos show the youth standing up,. not holding the handlebars and holding his arms out. 'He not only endangered himself, but his whole group of friends and other road users in close vicinity.' The. student, who has no previous convictions, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving on the day his trial was due to start. The court heard he is studying mechanics in motor vehicles at college. Chairman of the bench Malcolm Smith. asked the teenager: 'What on earth were you thinking? What was going. through your head at the time?' Danger: The boy, 16, who cannot be named, told magistrates he stood up on his scooter to 'impress his mates'. He pleaded guilty to dangerous driving. 'Irresponsible': Police said the boy, who cannot be named, was 'very lucky he was not facing more serious, life-changing consequences' The. youth, from Leeds, West Yorkshire, replied: 'I was showing off to my mates behind me', to which Mr. Smith remarked: 'There would have been no showing off if you would have. ended up in the middle of the road with broken limbs. 'A. motorcycle enthusiast like you should know better than anyone about the. importance of safety on the road, I'm quite horrified to be honest. 'I'm amazed that with your interest in motorcycling that you even remotely thought about behaving like this. 'As. a parent myself, I had a call from the police saying my son had been in. a road traffic accident with a motorcycle. Trust me, it is the worst. phone call you could ever receive and your dad was so close to getting. that phone call.' He was. disqualified from driving any motor vehicle for 15 months and given a. six-month referral order. He was ordered to pay £200 court costs and a. £15 victim surcharge. No hands: The boy prepares to sit down after performing his dangerous stunt on the A63. Traffic. Officer Andy Forth, from North Yorkshire Police's mobile safety camera. team said after the case: 'It was totally irresponsible of him, I. couldn't believe it when I captured him on the camera posing like Jesus. Christ. 'There have been. fatalities on this road before and it was so close to having multiple. fatalities again because of this incident.' Dave. Brown, who heads the unit, added: 'This young man has lost his licence. before he has even begun to drive. I hope both he and other young people. learn from this experience. He is very lucky he was not facing more. serious, life-changing consequences. 'The. case also sends a clear message that the safety camera is not just. capable of capturing speeders, but can record indisputable evidence of a. variety of offences. Motorists should take note and drive responsibly. as well as within the speed limit.' The incident happened on July 28 last year.

Write highlights for this article.