Summarize:

Before you begin putting your brochure together, you'll need to know a little bit about the subject you've chosen or been assigned. Review your textbook, notes, and homework assignments to learn as much as you can. The more familiar you are with the material, the better your brochure will turn out.  Other resources, such as the encyclopedia and various educational websites, can help you dive deeper into your topic. Only use sources that have been approved by your teacher, and be sure to cite your external sources on the last page of your brochure. Think about the best way to present your topic. You might offer a general overview of a complex subject, or zoom in on one or two specific points. The best brochures display information in a simple, focused way.  If you're making a brochure on the Declaration of Independence, for example, you'd want to briefly summarize what the document says and name all of the people who signed it. Put your title front and center on the outermost panel, the one that will be visible while the brochure is folded. That way, it will be the first thing your reader sees. Beneath your title, display your full name to make it clear who created the brochure.  Try to come up with a title that's short, punchy, and easy to remember. The title of your brochure should let your reader know what to expect right away. For a brochure about climate change, you could go with a straightforward title like “Climate Change,” or think of something more attention-grabbing, such as “Climate Change: The Silent Killer.” In 3-5 sentences, give your reader a general introduction to the subject you'll be exploring in your brochure. Your introduction will set the stage for the rest of the brochure and help the reader better understand the information they're about to be given. An introduction to a geography brochure on the Maldives might say something like this: “The Maldives is a country in Asia located south of India and Sri Lanka. It is made up of a chain of 26 small islands. The Maldives have a sunny, tropical climate, which makes it a popular getaway for vacationers from around the world.” The inside of your brochure is where you'll actually present the facts you've collected about your subject. Devote each panel to a single subject to prevent information on one subtopic from spilling over into the next page. Writing in short sentences or even bullet points can also make it easier for your reader to follow along.  Think about whether you want a basic single-fold brochure or a traditional tri-fold brochure. Single-fold styles tend to work best for shorter, more straightforward topics, whereas tri-fold brochures make it easier to organize lots of information in a manageable way. For a brochure about dietary nutrients, you might use a portion of each of the three interior panels to explain the role of proteins, fats, and carbohydrates. In some cases, the amount of information you have to discuss will determine how many pages your brochure will end up being. In others, your teacher may specify a certain number of pages. Make sure you follow instructions carefully. End your brochure by offering your reader a quick recap of the most important points you covered in the preceding panels. Use simple, direct language to clear up any confusion they may have about what they've just read.  A good rule of thumb is to include at least one key detail from each of your interior panels in your summary on the final panel. You can either leave the center outside panel blank or use it to list any external sources you used to do your research, such as books or websites.