Answer: preventing wars through collective security and disarmament and settling international disputes through negotiation and arbitration. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: Passage: The League of Nations (abbreviated as LN in English, La Société des Nations ( la sɔsjete de nɑsjɔ̃) abbreviated as SDN or SdN in French ) was an intergovernmental organisation founded on 10 January 1920 as a result of the Paris Peace Conference that ended the First World War. It was the first international organisation whose principal mission was to maintain world peace. Its primary goals, as stated in its Covenant, included preventing wars through collective security and disarmament and settling international disputes through negotiation and arbitration. Other issues in this and related treaties included labour conditions, just treatment of native inhabitants, human and drug trafficking, the arms trade, global health, prisoners of war, and protection of minorities in Europe. At its greatest extent from 28 September 1934 to 23 February 1935, it had 58 members.

Question: Based on this passage, what is the main purpose of the league of nations?
CoT: The relevant information is: Its primary goals, as stated in its Covenant, included preventing wars through collective security and disarmament and settling international disputes through negotiation and arbitration.
---
Answer: Chile. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: The flag of Chile consists of two equal horizontal bands of white and red, with a blue square the same height as the white band in the canton, which bears a white five-pointed star in the center. It was adopted on 18 October 1817. The Chilean flag is also known in Spanish as La Estrella Solitaria (The Lone Star).

Answer this question: red white and blue country flag with one star?
CoT: The important part for answering this question is: The flag of Chile consists of two equal horizontal bands of white and red, with a blue square the same height as the white band in the canton, which bears a white five-pointed star in the center.
---
Answer: Koba. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: Distrustful of the apes, Dreyfus arms his community using the Fort Point armory. Maintaining his distrust of humans, Koba discovers the armory and later confronts Caesar, accusing him of loving humans more than apes. In response, Caesar severely beats Koba, but refrains from killing him. Koba returns to the armory, where he takes an assault rifle and kills two guards. Returning home, he secretly kills Carver. The generator is repaired, restoring power to the city. During the celebration, Koba sets fire to the apes' home, then, unseen to anyone else, shoots Caesar, who falls from the settlement's main tree. In the subsequent panic, Koba takes charge, implicating Carver in the shooting and convincing the apes to attack the humans. He leads them into San Francisco, where they plunder the armory and charge the tower, with many casualties. The apes breach the building and imprison the humans as Dreyfus flees underground. When Ash refuses Koba's orders to kill unarmed humans, citing Caesar's teachings, Koba kills Ash and imprisons any ape still loyal to Caesar.

Who shot caesar in dawn of the planet of the apes?
CoT: The relevant information to answer the above question is: During the celebration, Koba sets fire to the apes' home, then, unseen to anyone else, shoots Caesar, who falls from the settlement's main tree.
---
Answer: began in the late - 1980s and was completed in 2001. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
