Given the question: Information:  - The is a division of Japanese history running from approximately 1336 to 1573. The period marks the governance of the Muromachi or Ashikaga shogunate ("Muromachi bakufu" or "Ashikaga bakufu"), which was officially established in 1338 by the first Muromachi shogun, Ashikaga Takauji, two years after the brief Kenmu Restoration (133336) of imperial rule was brought to a close. The period ended in 1573 when the 15th and last shogun of this line, Ashikaga Yoshiaki, was driven out of the capital in Kyoto by Oda Nobunaga.  - Historical context. The goal of national unification and a return to the comparative political stability of the earlier Muromachi period was widely shared by the multitude of autonomous "daimys" during the Sengoku period. Oda Nobunaga was the first for whom this goal seemed attainable. Nobunaga had gained control over most of Honshu (see map below) before his death during the 1582 Honn-ji incident, a coup attempt executed by Nobunaga's vassal, Akechi Mitsuhide. It is not certain whether Nobunaga was killed in the attack or else committed seppuku. The motivations behind Mitsuhide's betrayal was never revealed to anyone who survived the incident, and has been a subject of debate and conjecture ever since the incident.  - The is a period in Japanese history marked by social upheaval, political intrigue and near-constant military conflict. Japanese historians named it after the otherwise unrelated Warring States period in China. It came to an end when all political power was unified under the Tokugawa shogunate.  - The were powerful Japanese feudal lords who, until their decline in the early Meiji period, ruled most of Japan from their vast, hereditary land holdings. In the term, means "large", and "my" stands for , meaning private land.  - Kuroda Nagamasa (   , December 3 , 1568 -- August 29 , 1623 ) was a daimyo during the late Azuchi - Momoyama and Early Edo Period . He was the son of Toyotomi Hideyoshi 's chief strategist and adviser Kuroda Kanbei . In 1577 , when Nagamasa was a small child , his father was condemned as a spy by Oda Nobunaga . Nagamasa was kidnapped and nearly killed as a hostage . Takenaka Hanbei ended up rescuing him . After Oda Nobunaga was killed in Honn - ji Incident , Nagamasa served Toyotomi Hideyoshi with his father and participated in the invasion of the Chugoku Region . Nagamasa served under Tokugawa Ieyasu during the Battle of Sekigahara . His men killed Shima Sakon , securing victory for the Eastern army . He also participated in the first Korean campaign ( 1592 -- 93 ) , leading 6000 men . Later he participated in the Osaka Castle campaigns .  - Hideyoshi is noted for a number of cultural legacies, including the restriction that only members of the samurai class could bear arms. He financed the construction, restoration and rebuilding of many temples standing today in Kyoto. Hideyoshi played an important role in the history of Christianity in Japan when he ordered the execution by crucifixion of twenty-six Christians.  - , first called Jbei from his clan and later from his title, was a samurai and general who lived during the Sengoku period of Feudal Japan. His full name was thus Akechi Jbei Minamoto-no-Mitsuhide (  ).  - The refers to the forced suicide on June 21, 1582, of Japanese daimy Oda Nobunaga at the hands of his samurai general Akechi Mitsuhide. This occurred in Honn-ji, a temple in Kyoto, ending Nobunaga's quest to consolidate centralized power in Japan under his authority.    What entity does 'kuroda nagamasa' has the relation 'country of citizenship' with?
The answer is: