By. Mike Jaccarino. PUBLISHED:. 12:55 EST, 5 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 13:19 EST, 5 January 2013. Mitt Romney garnered the same percentage of the popular vote he remarked represented the woebegone portion of the American electorate who will never 'take personal responsibility and care for their (own) lives.' In a bit of electoral irony, the Associated Press calculated the Republican presidential nominee amassed 47.2 per cent of the full presidential vote, or 48 per cent when considering only him and Obama. Oops: Romney said during the campaign 47 per cent of America people would never vote for him because they were entitlement-obsessed people who didn't care about lower taxes. He said what? Romney remarked of the 47 per cent who would never vote for him, 'My job is not to worry about those people' Oveheard: Romney's remark, which many think torpedoed his changes on Election Day, was caught by a hidden camera. Romney had presaged that the Democratic incumbent would - in fact- be the candidate to cull that particular percentage, when he told a cabal of fat cat donors that nearly half of America would never vote for him - or his policies. 'And they will vote for this president no matter what…These are people who pay no income tax' That 47 per cent of the American electorate, he said, represent those, 'who are dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims, who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them, who believe that they are entitled to health care, to food, to housing, to you-name-it. 'That that's an entitlement. And the government should give it to them. And they will vote for this president no matter what…These are people who pay no income tax.' 'My job is not to worry about those people,” Romney said in the vexing video. “I’ll never convince them they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.' Some believe Romney's biting rejoinder, captured on a hidden camera and later posted to the Internet, torpedoed his bid for the presidency. Romney's remark regarding 47 per cent of Americans was captured during a closed-door Florida fundraiser for fat cat donors. Romney later reportedly said he was speaking 'off the cuff' and replying to a question when he issued the acerbic address. He apparently made the unfortunate remarks at a closed-door Florida fundraiser while on the campaign trail during the summer, or well before November's Election Day. Romney later reportedly said he was speaking 'off the cuff' and replying to a question when he issued the acerbic address. 'It’s a question and answer, as I recall, about the process of the campaign and how I’m going to get the 51 or 52 per cent I need, and I point out it’s by focusing on those folks that are neither in [Obama's] camp nor in my camp,' Romney said. Close shave: Obama, for his part, notched 51.03 per cent of the popular vote in the 2012 U.S. presidential election. 'I recognize that among those that pay. no tax, approximately 47 percent of Americans, I’m not likely to be. highly successful with the message of lowering taxes. 'That’s not as attractive to those who don’t pay income taxes as it is to those who do,' Romney reportedly said in explanation. 'And likewise those who are reliant on government are not as attracted to my message of slimming down the size of government. And so I then focus on those individuals who I believe are most likely to be able to be pulled into my camp and help me win the 51 or 50.1 percent that I need to become the next President.' Obama, for his part, recorded 51.03 per cent of the popular vote.

Write highlights for this article.