Please answer the following question: Information:  - Nicole ( also known as Crazed and The Widow 's Revenge ) is a 1978 American thriller directed by Istvan Ventilla and starring Leslie Caron and Catherine Bach .  - The Dukes of Hazzard is an American action-comedy television series that aired on CBS from January 26, 1979 to February 8, 1985. The show aired for a total of 147 episodes spanning seven seasons. The series was inspired by the 1975 film "Moonrunners", which was also created by Gy Waldron and had many identical or similar character names and concepts.  - The Young and the Restless (often abbreviated as Y&R) is an American television soap opera created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. The show is set in a fictional Wisconsin town called Genoa City, which is unlike and unrelated to the real life village of the same name, Genoa City, Wisconsin. First broadcast on March 26, 1973, "The Young and the Restless" was originally broadcast as half-hour episodes, five times a week. The show expanded to one-hour episodes on February 4, 1980. In 2006, the series began airing encore episodes weeknights on SOAPnet until 2013, when "Y&R" moved to TVGN (now Pop). Pop still airs the encore episodes on weeknights, starting July 1, 2013. The series is also syndicated internationally.  - Catherine Bach (born Catherine Bachman; March 1, 1954) is an American actress. She is known for playing Daisy Duke in the television series "The Dukes of Hazzard" and Margo Dutton in "African Skies". In 2012, she joined the cast of the CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless" as Anita Lawson.  - A soap opera, soap, or soapie, is a serial drama on television or radio that examines the lives of many characters, usually focusing on emotional relationships to the point of melodrama. The term "soap opera" originated from such dramas being typically sponsored by soap manufacturers in the past.  - CBS (an initialism of the network's former name, the Columbia Broadcasting System) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of CBS Corporation. The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City (at the CBS Broadcast Center) and Los Angeles (at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center).  - Daisy Duke is a fictional character, played by Catherine Bach, from the American television series "The Dukes of Hazzard". She is the cousin of Bo and Luke, the main protagonists of the show, and the three live on a farm on the outskirts of Hazzard County with their Uncle Jesse.  - Leslie Claire Margaret Caron (born 1 July 1931) is a Franco-American film actress and dancer who has appeared in 45 films between 1951 and 2003. Her autobiography, "Thank Heaven", was published in 2010 in the UK and US, and in 2011 in a French version. Veteran documentarian Larry Weinstein's "Leslie Caron: The Reluctant Star" premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on June 28, 2016.  - African Skies is a Canadian television series that aired from 1991 to 1994 on The Family Channel. It starred Catherine Bach.    'nicole ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'instance of'?  Choices: - 1  - 1975  - 1980  - action  - bell  - broadcasting  - city  - corporation  - county  - drama  - duke  - family  - fictional character  - film  - initialism  - january  - los angeles  - march  - name  - opera  - production  - radio  - serial  - series  - seven  - show  - soap  - soap opera  - star  - system  - television  - television network  - television series  - three  - town
Answer: