Apps I Live By: S.H.E. Globl Media Founder Claudia Chan

Claudia Chan S.H.E. Globl Media, Inc.

In 2010, Claudia Chan had a personal revelation that altered the course of her career: there were not enough female role models in mainstream media and that needed to change. By 2012, she had left her job as president of a women’s events company and founded S.H.E. Globl Media, Inc., a women’s media and education company. Since launching S.H.E., Chan has produced three annual S.H.E. Summits, attracting speakers including Samantha Power and Sallie Krawcheck, and has contributed to the national conversation around empowering women to become leaders and change-makers. Additionally, Chan's website features over 200 interviews with female entrepreneurs and leaders, and connects women across the country with mentors and tools to succeed in their personal and professional lives.

Here, the New York native shares the apps that help her record ideas on-the-go and unwind after a busy day.

To Empower the Mind: Bloom

One of the things that you need to cultivate is self-confidence. We can only become what we believe. That dream that you have—whether it be to start a business, become a CEO or change the world with your nonprofit—will require a relentless belief in yourself. When you pursue anything that’s courageous, when you take risks, you just have to believe that your dream is possible. To do this, I write mantras. In the Bloom app, you write a mantra and it will pop up [on your phone]. You can even put them in a specific order. Find positive quotes and messages, and then set a reminder to think about them. The power of the mind is incredible.

After a workout class, your energy is completely transformed. You have to get up for your own mental health. It’s so important to have those breaks in the day. Sometimes inspiration isn’t going to hit you when you’re writing an article or trying to come up with the next great idea to bring to a meeting. So I use Yoga Glo. It has all kinds of meditations, and I can get in 15 minutes of yoga flow. Anytime I get stuck, I just get up and move.

When inspiration hits, honor it. Sometimes you have the best ideas when you’re lying in bed or in the car. I have an app called iTalk where I just hit record and get down my thoughts. I can capture all of my notes, because it’s such a shame to miss a great idea. Journaling is also a really good way to get your thoughts out of your head. I love that.

I met the team behind Heads​pace at Arianna Huffington’s Thrive conference. They do a “Take 10,” which is 10 minutes of meditation. I love to listen to the meditations before I go to bed at night. Rinse out a million things that happened that day and prepare yourself to have amazing, beautiful dreams. We need to create space for new ideas to come in. People just have incessant self-talk sometimes, and we need to clear our minds. Then you can begin your next day super refreshed.

To Save & Organize: Evernote

I live and breathe Evernote. I organize my entire life there! I have a notebook that’s called Health and Diet. I have one called Happiness—just joyful and fun things, like where I want to travel with my husband. I even have one for recipes that I love and another for favorite articles. And I can access it anywhere. It’s truly a great way to organize your personal and professional life. You can also keep your contacts in there. It’s easy to forget who you even know! Life gets busier and we need all of these tools to lead optimally and live optimally.

For more information and information visit MariaShriver.com
What are the most important parts of this text?