Write a title for this article:

A customer at a Crown Heights Kennedy Fried Chicken tried to zap a worker with a stun gun during a fight over his change, cops said Monday. The man argued with a worker at the fast-food joint on Schenectady Avenue near Lincoln Place at about 2:45 p.m. Friday, cops said. He tried to fire a stun gun, but failed, and fled, police said. He was wearing a white tank top, white pants, and black shoes, cops said.

A 21-year-old woman’s iPhone was stolen while she rode the subway in Williamsburg, cops said Monday. The thief grabbed the woman’s phone and fled while the J train was stopped at the Lorimer Street station, police said. The crook is about 30 years old, Hispanic, about 5-foot-8 and 180 pounds.

This man and an accomplice are wanted for swiping a designer sweater from a seller they had arranged to meet in Williamburg, cops said. They met the 18-year-old victim at the Hewes Street subway station on May 14 at about 1:30 p.m., police said. During the transaction, one of the thieves flashed a knife and stole the garment, cops said. The pictured suspect is described as 20 years old and 5-foot-9, police said. The other suspect is believed to be about 16 years old and about 5-foot-5, cops said.

A woman thought she heard fireworks near her Brownsville home, only to discover that the sound was gunfire — and that her 19-year-old grandson had been shot, police sources said Monday. Brenda Robertson, 56, was in her Mother Gaston Boulevard apartment at around 8:30 p.m. Sunday when she heard loud cracks, the sources said. She initially mistook the sounds for fireworks, but was told by neighbors that her grandson had been shot on the street, the sources said. She ran downstairs and found Rashasheed Stallworth bleeding profusely from his neck and surrounded by people, they said. Bystanders flagged down cops who later discovered a small blood trail from the Howard Playground across the street, according to the sources. Stallworth was taken to Brookdale Hospital in stable condition.

Three men were stabbed early Monday during a brawl in Soundview, police said. The victims were among a group of about 10 people who began fighting about 3:20 a.m. at Gleason Avenue and White Plains Road, cops said. The victims — ages 23, 25, and 28 — all suffered non-life-threatening wounds in the fracas.

Police are looking for a gunman who shot another man during an argument in front of a wine store on a busy Harlem street corner. Terrell Williams, 43, is suspected of shooting Harold Anderson, 34, of Brooklyn, outside The Winery at 857 W. 116th St. on Saturday at about 6:10 p.m., police said. Anderson was taken to St. Luke’s Hospital and remains in stable condition, sources said.

A 43-year-old man was found dead — likely of a drug overdose — inside a Flatiron District hotel, police sources said Monday. Cops found the man unconscious inside a second-floor room at the Senton Hotel on West 27th Street near Broadway at about 12:30 p.m. Sunday. The guest was declared dead at the scene, the sources said. The city medical examiner will perform an autopsy, but authorities believe drugs contributed to the death, the sources said. Police are withholding the man’s name pending family notification.

Two burglars ransacked a 61-year-old man’s Kew Gardens Hills home, police said. The two men busted through the back door of the victim’s residence on 157th Street near Horace Harding Expressway at 12:10 p.m. on May 18, cops said. Once inside, the two rummaged through the home, but left through a back door without taking anything. It’s unclear what the burglars were searching for.

Title: