Summarize this article:

Sean McConville's corner was not cleared and, in a goalmouth melee, Kee scrambled home his third goal of the campaign two minutes into added time to seal a 2-1 victory for the hosts.
Stanley opened the scoring after 10 minutes when Kayden Jackson got the ball in the box from Janoi Donacien, turned and slotted it low into the far corner of the net. It was former Barnsley frontman Jackson's fourth goal in three league games.
Mansfield equalised after 25 minutes when Danny Rose flicked the ball over keeper Aaron Chapman and it fell to Lee Angol, who had the easy task of firing into an empty net for his first Stags goal.
It was a fiery first half with Paul Digby and Zander Diamond both off-target for Mansfield, while Omar Beckles headed wide for Stanley.
After the break, both sides had chances to win it with Mansfield's Krystian Pearce heading wide from a corner while, at the other end, Mark Hughes headed over and Jackson had a goalbound shot blocked before Kee popped up with the winner.
Match report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Accrington Stanley 2, Mansfield Town 1.
Second Half ends, Accrington Stanley 2, Mansfield Town 1.
Mark Hughes (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Jimmy Spencer (Mansfield Town).
Foul by Billy Kee (Accrington Stanley).
Zander Diamond (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Kayden Jackson (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Hayden White (Mansfield Town).
Goal!  Accrington Stanley 2, Mansfield Town 1. Billy Kee (Accrington Stanley) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner.
Corner,  Accrington Stanley. Conceded by Krystian Pearce.
Krystian Pearce (Mansfield Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Kayden Jackson (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Krystian Pearce (Mansfield Town).
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Janoi Donacien.
Substitution, Mansfield Town. Jacob Mellis replaces Lee Angol.
Ben Richards-Everton (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Paul Anderson (Mansfield Town).
Liam Nolan (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Paul Digby (Mansfield Town).
Hand ball by Lee Angol (Mansfield Town).
Substitution, Mansfield Town. Jimmy Spencer replaces Danny Rose.
Corner,  Accrington Stanley. Conceded by Zander Diamond.
Attempt missed. Mark Hughes (Accrington Stanley) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high.
Kayden Jackson (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Paul Digby (Mansfield Town).
Foul by Billy Kee (Accrington Stanley).
Hayden White (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Substitution, Mansfield Town. Omari Sterling-James replaces CJ Hamilton.
Foul by Liam Nolan (Accrington Stanley).
Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Billy Kee (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Paul Anderson (Mansfield Town).
Attempt missed. Krystian Pearce (Mansfield Town) header from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the left.
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Mark Hughes.
Attempt blocked. Lee Angol (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is blocked.
Attempt blocked. CJ Hamilton (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
Hand ball by Billy Kee (Accrington Stanley).
Mark Hughes (Accrington Stanley) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Lee Angol (Mansfield Town).
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Mark Hughes.