Write some highlights for the following article:

Cris Carter, the Hall of Fame wide receiver and ESPN analyst opened up about his own upbringing in relation to the child-abuse charge brought against Adrian Peterson, as he applauded his former team's decision to drop the star on Sunday. Carter, who played 12 seasons with the Minnesota Vikings, said he was proud they sidelined Peterson for the game against the New England Patriots, who crushed them, 30-7. 'My mom did the best job she could do raising seven kids by herself, but there are thousands of things that I have learned since then that my mom was wrong,' Carter said. 'It's the 21st century - my mom was wrong. She did the best she could but she was wrong about some of that stuff she taught me and I promised my kids I won't teach that mess to them.' Scroll down for video. Cris Carter emotionally discussed his upbringing on Sunday while talking about Adrian Peterson's child-abuse charge with his colleagues on 'NFL Countdown'. He said his mother did the best she could but she got some things wrong, and he didn't want to pass them onto his children. 'Take him off the field,' he said, slapping his hand against the desk during 'NFL Countdown'. “The only thing I’m proud about is the team that I played for, they did the right thing.' A grand jury in Texas indicted Peterson on Thursday on a charge of reckless or negligent injury to a child, his four-year-old son, whom he spanked with a leafless tree branch in May as a punishment. The 29-year-old surrendered to authorities on Saturday after a warrant was issued for his arrest, and he was freed on $15,000 bail. Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson gets a kiss from his son Adrian Jr at the end of practice at NFL football training camp in 2013. Last week a grand jury indicted him on a child-abuse charge for spanking a different son with a leafless tree branch. Carolina Panther Greg Hardy, who has been convicted on two counts of domestic violence and has filed an appeal, like Peterson was sidelined from Sunday's game. Carter and his colleagues on 'NFL Countdown' also talked about Greg Hardy, the defensive end of the Carolina Panthers, who was found guilty in July of assaulting and threatening his ex-girlfriend. The Panthers placed Hardy on the inactive list for the game today against the Detroit Lions. 'How could you allow Greg Hardy on the field?' asked ESPN analyst and former Denver Broncos linebacker Tom Jackson. 'Due process has played out. He's convicted. He's appealing. We know the facts of the case. They're undisputed.' Jackson added: 'At least in this instance, Mr. Richardson and the Carolina Panthers got this right for this moment.' Jerry Richardson, owner of the Carolina Panthers, earlier in the week broke down in tears as he discussed the league's growing troubles with some of its players involvement in domestic abuse, USA Today reported. 'When it comes to domestic violence, my stance is not one of indifference. I stand firmly against domestic violence, plain and simple. To those that would suggest we have been too slow to act, I ask that you consider not to be too quick to judge,' Richardson said as he accepted the Echo Foundation Award Against Violence in Charlotte. 'Over the course of our 20 years, we have worked extremely hard to build an organization of integrity and earn the trust of our community. I work hard to continue to earn the trust, and I thank you for this award,' he said. Carter, who spent 12 seasons with the Vikings and is pictured here with his wife Melanie, said he was proud that his former team chose not to play Peterson on Sunday's game.