By. Oliver Todd. Follow @@oliver_todd. Jose Mourinho spent long periods of last season bemoaning his lack of a 'real striker' - but this pre season he is putting in the hours to get exactly what he wants. At Chelsea's Waldarena training base in Austria, the Chelsea boss has been spending a lot of time with his new £32million hitman Diego Costa, working to ensure that the 25-year-old knows what his new manager expects of him. Mourinho's man-management skills have long been lauded as the best around. Back in his first spell at Stamford Bridge in 2004, he told Frank Lampard he was the best player in the world - and the prolific midfielder went on to guide the Blues to their first title in 50 years. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Diego Costa wax Xabi Alonso's leg sitting on the bench. Special ones: Jose Mourinho lets new signing Diego Costa know exactly what to do on the training field. Powerhouse: Costa will pose a handful for Premier League defences next season when on runs like this one. Rivals: Fernando Torres and new signing Costa will likely fight in out for one place up front at Stamford Bridge. This is how you do it: Mourinho put in a lot of time with his new striker to help him hit the ground running. Not-so-hot-shot: Cesar Azpilicueta aims a shot which Cech saves - the full back has just one goal for Chelsea. New boys galore: Cesc Fabregas gets away from Filipe Luis with youngster Izzy Brown approaching. First goal: Petr Cech, back in training with the first team, tries to get to a Luis shot across the goal. Now, Mourinho looks to be giving Costa the same treatment in the hope the addition of a proven goalscorer can help Chelsea go two marks better in the Premier League and the Champions League. In the second session of their Austrian training camp, Mourinho was often spotted having a word in Costa's ear, pointing out where he wanted to be and explaining his tactics. He wants the former Atletico forward to hit the ground running - and not to become the latest of Chelsea's scrapheap of failed big money striker purchases. And Costa, who had a difficult World Cup as Spain were knocked out in the group stage, looked to be pleased with how things are going since joining up with Chelsea's squad - smiling and posing for selfies with fans. Elsewhere, Petr Cech was back with the first team, fielding shots from new boy Filipe Luis among others as Chelsea prepare for their third pre season game on Wednesday against RZ Pellets. Let me take a selfie: Costa and Fabregas both pose for photos with Chelsea's fans at their Austria base. Back in town: Gary Cahill escapes the attentions of Lewis Baker and Nemanja Matic to play a pass. Relief: Mo Salah, fresh from the news he is not required for military service, takes possession of the ball. Not-so-hot-shot: Cesar Azpilicueta aims a shot which Cech saves - the full back has just one goal for Chelsea. Doing well: Mourinho's gesture appears to show his appreciation for the players' work in Austria. Taking it seriously: Skipper John Terry calls for the ball during a game organised by Mourinho. Utility man: Branislav Ivanovic, who played up front against Wimbledon at the weekend, tackles Dominic Solanke. Familiar territory: Ivanovic tries to get a diving header past Cech at the Waldarena. Mr Nice Guy: Costa signs autographs at the Waldarena in Austria and is joined by former Atletico team mate Filipe Luis. Get into the groove: Cech will have been relieved to make his return with Thibaut Courtois threatening his place. Youth vs new: Nathaniel Chalobah comes up against Fabregas in a midfield duel.
What are the important parts of this article?