Summarize this article in one sentence.

Williams' eighth league goal of the season was the difference between the two sides after he headed Tommy Rowe's cross beyond Notts goalkeeper Scott Loach in the second half.
Matty Blair could have doubled Doncaster's lead minutes later when he headed another cross from the left onto the foot of a post.
Rovers had two opportunities late in the game to further their advantage as Williams broke away on the counter-attack five minutes from time, only to pull his effort wide.
Liam Mandeville then found himself in behind the Notts defence deep in stoppage time, but he squeezed the ball wide from a tight angle.
The defeat was the Magpies' seventh in a row in League Two, with their last victory coming back in mid-October at Portsmouth.
Report supplied by the Press Association
Match ends, Notts County 0, Doncaster Rovers 1.
Second Half ends, Notts County 0, Doncaster Rovers 1.
Attempt saved. Carl Dickinson (Notts County) right footed shot from very close range is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Craig Alcock (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Vadaine Oliver (Notts County).
Attempt missed. Liam Mandeville (Doncaster Rovers) right footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right.
Liam Mandeville (Doncaster Rovers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Liam Mandeville (Doncaster Rovers).
Jordan Richards (Notts County) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers).
Jordan Richards (Notts County) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Substitution, Notts County. Aaron Collins replaces Jon Stead.
Attempt missed. Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers) left footed shot from the left side of the box is close, but misses to the right.
Foul by Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers).
Robert Milsom (Notts County) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Hand ball by Jordan Richards (Notts County).
Attempt missed. John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left following a set piece situation.
Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Vadaine Oliver (Notts County).
Corner,  Doncaster Rovers. Conceded by Richard Duffy.
Attempt blocked. Louis Laing (Notts County) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Foul by Joe Wright (Doncaster Rovers).
Vadaine Oliver (Notts County) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Doncaster Rovers. Harry Middleton replaces Tommy Rowe because of an injury.
Vadaine Oliver (Notts County) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Andy Butler (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Vadaine Oliver (Notts County).
Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Haydn Hollis (Notts County).
Hand ball by Jordan Houghton (Doncaster Rovers).
Corner,  Doncaster Rovers. Conceded by Richard Duffy.
Corner,  Notts County. Conceded by Andy Butler.
Substitution, Notts County. Vadaine Oliver replaces Curtis Thompson.
Substitution, Notts County. Louis Laing replaces Matt Tootle because of an injury.
Matty Blair (Doncaster Rovers) hits the right post with a header from the centre of the box.
Goal!  Notts County 0, Doncaster Rovers 1. Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers) header from very close range to the high centre of the goal. Assisted by Tommy Rowe.
Corner,  Notts County. Conceded by Matty Blair.
Corner,  Notts County. Conceded by Craig Alcock.
Second Half begins Notts County 0, Doncaster Rovers 0.