Please write a short summary for the following article:

Prominent Calif. defense attorney and officers arrested in murder of a metal ‘scrapper’

Hunters discovered Korey Kauffman’s body near Yosemite National Park a year after his 2012 disappearance. The 26-year-old Turlock, Calif., man had been known to support his family by “scrapping,” or scavenging metal parts to sell, according to authorities.

On Friday, authorities announced arrests in the case, including that of a prominent Modesto, Calif., defense attorney whom Stanislaus County, Calif., Sheriff’s Department investigators described as the ringleader of a conspiracy to kill Kauffman, the Associated Press reported. Three current and former California Highway Patrol officers were also arrested in the case.

“This has been a long, three-year investigation into the death and homicide of Korey Kauffman,” Stanislaus County Sheriff Adam Christianson said at a news conference. “We hope to serve justice for the Kauffman family.”

Frank Clifford Carson, who ran for Stanislaus County district attorney in 2014, was arrested on charges of first-degree murder, false imprisonment, conspiracy and lying in wait. Percy Martinez, Carson’s lawyer, told the AP that his arrest is politically motivated. “We welcome the opportunity to fight this in court,” she said.

Carson owned many antiques and vehicles on his property and had grown “frustrated with law enforcement’s response to thefts,” investigators wrote in a 325-page arrest affidavit. Investigators said at a Friday news conference that Carson believed Kauffman and others were stealing his antiques, and so he enlisted the help of two brothers who owned a liquor store in order to send a message, the AP reported.

[Can this computer generated image of a ‘Baby Doe’ lead investigators to her identity?]

Carson’s wife, Georgia Geanette Defilippo; brothers Baljit Athwal and Daljit Atwal, who spell their names differently; Robert Lee Woody; and former CHP officer Walter Wesley Wells all face first-degree murder charges. Defilippo’s daughter Cristina Anne Defilippo and CHP Officers Scott J. McFarlane and Eduardo Quintanar Jr. were also arrested in the case and face conspiracy charges.

“It just kind of rips at the soul of an organization. It’s not what we stand for. It’s so far beyond what any organization stands for,” CHP Commissioner Joe Farrow said at a news conference. “To learn you have employees in an organization like ours, that have some involvement, any involvement or any knowledge of a murder is devastating.”

McFarlane and Quintanar Jr. are on administrative leave, Farrow said.

Woody had already been incarcerated on charges related to the case. Kauffman’s father, Tony Kauffman, told the Modesto Bee the additional arrests in the case please him, but “it’s only just beginning… We have a long road ahead of us.”

Carson has said that any suggestion he’s involved in Kauffman’s death is absurd. Until Friday, officials involved in the investigation had refused to say whether Carson is a suspect in the murder, saying it would be inappropriate to comment on the pending case.

As part of the Kauffman investigation, authorities searched Carson’s property not long after Kauffman went missing. Authorities believe Kauffman was killed on March 30, 2012 somewhere in the Turlock area and his body was secretly transported to Mariposa County where hunters discovered it in August 2013.

According to the affidavit, Kauffman went missing after he planned to steal irrigation pipes stacked on Carson’s property.

Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Summary: