Problem:Passage: Quotas, like other trade restrictions, are typically used to benefit the producers of a good in that economy.

Question: Based on this passage, who benefits from a quota on imported goods to the u.s?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: Quotas, like other trade restrictions, are typically used to benefit the producers of a good in that economy.
the producers of a good in that economy.

Student A:"Mind Your Own Business" is a 1949 song written and originally performed by Hank Williams.

Based on this passage, who sang the song mind your own business?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: "Mind Your Own Business" is a 1949 song written and originally performed by Hank Williams.
Hank Williams.

Problem:Devon Bostick (born November 13, 1991) is a Canadian actor best known for playing the lead role of Simon in the Atom Egoyan directed film Adoration, Brent in Saw VI, Rodrick Heffley in the first three Diary of a Wimpy Kid movies and Jasper Jordan on The CW show The 100 from 2014 to 2017.

Based on this passage, the guy who plays rodrick in diary of a wimpy kid?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Devon Bostick (born November 13, 1991) is a Canadian actor best known for playing the lead role of Simon in the Atom Egoyan directed film Adoration, Brent in Saw VI, Rodrick Heffley in the first three Diary of a Wimpy Kid movies and Jasper Jordan on The CW show The 100 from 2014 to 2017.
Devon Bostick.

Student A:Context: The PAC is formed every year with a strength of not more than 22 members of which 15 are from Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament, and 7 from Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament. The term of office of the members is one year. The Chairman is appointed by the Speaker of Lok Sabha. Since 1967, the chairman of the committee is selected from the opposition. Earlier, it was headed by a member of the ruling party. Its chief function is to examine the audit report of Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) after it is laid in the Parliament. CAG assists the committee during the course of investigation. None of the 22 members shall be a minister in the government.

Question: who appoints the chairman of public accounts committee?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The Chairman is appointed by the Speaker of Lok Sabha.
the Speaker of Lok Sabha.

Problem:"Sunshine of Your Love" is a 1967 song by the British rock band Cream. With elements of hard rock, psychedelia, and pop, it is one of Cream's best known and most popular songs. Cream bassist and vocalist Jack Bruce based it on a distinctive bass riff, or repeated musical phrase, he developed after attending a Jimi Hendrix concert. Guitarist Eric Clapton and lyricist Pete Brown later contributed to the song. Recording engineer Tom Dowd suggested the rhythm arrangement in which drummer Ginger Baker plays a distinctive tom-tom drum rhythm, although Baker has claimed it was his idea.

Based on this passage, who wrote the song sunshine of your love?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: "Sunshine of Your Love" is a 1967 song by the British rock band Cream.
the British rock band Cream.

Problem:"All by Myself" is a song by American artist Eric Carmen released in 1975. The verse is based on the second movement (Adagio sostenuto) of Sergei Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 in C minor, Opus 18. The chorus is borrowed from the song "Let's Pretend", which Carmen wrote and recorded with the Raspberries in 1972.

Based on this passage, when did the song all by myself come out?
Solution: