Summarize the following:
In order to be friends with a wide variety of people, you've got to have a wide variety of interests. With a wide variety of interests, you'll likely have something in common with everyone and it'll be easier to hold a conversation and let your relationship bloom. So join the choir. Volunteer at your local hospital. Start painting in your free time. Learn guitar. Join the soccer team. If you've ever wanted to do something, this is a good reason to do it. Understand the personality of a group you are trying to befriend. Figure out what unites them – is it a shared activity (e.g., debate team, journalism publication, love of performing music) or a harmonious balance of personality traits (talkative, sociable, quiet, etc.)? If you share this unifying quality with the group, then let your interest/personality/whatever it may be shining. When it comes to making new friends, most people are pretty shy. They tend to automatically assume you're not interested in friendship unless you say otherwise. Take a risk, put yourself out there, and ask for their phone number, Twitter or Instagram handle, or friend them on Facebook. Being online friends is the first step to being friends in real life. And then when you have their contact information, you both can invite each other to hang out, or even just make random small talk online. The more you talk to each other, the more comfortable you'll be with each other at school or wherever you naturally meet up. Be outgoing and proactive in inviting people to hang out and paying attention to when and where people are gathering. If you want to be friends with everyone, you have to initiate reaching out to groups and be sensitive to their habits. Again, people get nervous and shy around new people. They may want to hang out, but be too timid to ask.  Go out a lot in order to hang out with different groups. However, do know that being friends with everyone can be very time and energy-intensive because you must be friendly, outgoing, and willing to spend time hanging out, leaving yourself very little time to yourself. Remember, you don't have to be outgoing in order to be a good person; it's perfectly fine to be shy and reserved, and you will make your own friends. However, if your goal is to befriend a wide range of people, you will have to put that effort out there. There's a saying that goes something like, "If you stop going, they'll stop inviting you." And it makes complete sense – would you keep inviting a friend that turned you down time and time again? So as you're making these friends (especially in the beginning stages), accept the invitations that you get. How else do you expect the friendships to grow? Remember that each group will be different.  They will use different words, find different things funny or respectable, or will have very different ways of "hanging out."  Observe what is appropriate for each group, and act accordingly, but don't change yourself just to fit in. You are who you are. When you're friends with everyone, you're going to have a lot of information floating around in your head. Is it Haley that likes rock music? Paul and Vinh are the lacrosse players? When you're with your new friends (or soon-to-be friends) use their name, ask them about something you know about them, and just smile. They'll feel special seeing that you remembered so much about them. One of the easiest things you can do to make good friends is to smile and just be happy. Make jokes, laugh, and help the group have a good time. Once they realize that you're a fun person to be around, you all will become friends.

Summary: