News article: Attack Victim Charged in Death of a Bystander

The indictment, which has not been unsealed, accuses Mr. Parks of second-degree murder, the police said.

A spokeswoman for the district attorney’s office declined to comment on why prosecutors pursued a murder charge as opposed to a lesser charge, like manslaughter.

Richard Landes, a lawyer representing one of the men charged in connection with the robbery of Mr. Parks, said, “I’m surprised that the grand jury reached this decision.”

The Harlem attack was not the first time that Mr. Parks had defended himself with force. Early on Aug. 2, 1994, Mr. Parks shot and wounded a gunman, Marcus Meyers, who tried to rob him in Queens, officials have said.

Mr. Parks was charged with attempted murder, officials said, and Mr. Meyers was charged with attempted robbery. No indictments were issued, however, and the cases were sealed. So many details of the incident, like how the gun went off, remain unknown to the public.

Shortly after the robbery in January, Mr. Browne said Mr. Parks had taken the written examination to become a police officer three times: in 1992, 1993 and 1999. He was disqualified each time, Mr. Browne said, though he would not disclose the reasons.

State Senator Eric L. Adams, a former New York City police officer, visited Mr. Parks days after the incident. The senator said Mr. Parks told him that he had been removed from consideration for the Police Department because of the 1994 shooting.

Weeks after the attack in Harlem, with Mr. Parks’s attackers in mind, Mr. Adams proposed legislation named after Mr. Byas that would allow for a person to be charged with murder if, in the commission of a separate crime, an innocent person is killed.

On Friday, Mr. Adams said he was still trying to grasp the charges against Mr. Parks. Mr. Parks should be given some leeway for his actions during and in the immediate aftermath of an attack in which he was severely injured, Mr. Adams said, even if, as the police say, he chased Mr. Byas a short distance before stabbing him.

“I don’t know if it’s in the spirit of the law to prosecute a victim of a crime,” Mr. Adams, a Democrat from Brooklyn, said by telephone. “If he’s attempting to get away from someone and in the process he mistakes an innocent person to be one of his attackers, I think that should be charged to the person who was attacking him.

“Now the people who caused the robbery, they’re going to be charged with a lesser charge than the person who was the victim.”

Four men were charged with robbery in the Harlem attack. One pleaded guilty to first-degree robbery last month and is scheduled to be sentenced next month. The other three cases are pending.

Mark Weinstein, the lawyer for one of the robbery suspects, Hector Cruz, said, “This man’s arrest makes me feel like I have a great deal more to think about in the case.”

Khatib Hasan, a fellow transit worker who has been a friend of Mr. Parks’s for 25 years, said he spoke with Mr. Parks on Wednesday night when he was informed of the indictment. They were both shocked, Mr. Hasan said in a telephone interview.

“It’s like getting ambushed again,” said Mr. Hasan, 51. He added that Mr. Parks told him that he still believed that Mr. Byas had been one of the attackers.

“Maurice basically told me, ‘When it comes to that good Samaritan, don’t believe the hype,’ ” Mr. Hasan said.

A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Attack Victim Held in Death Of Bystander. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe
What are the most important parts of this news article?