It’s every man’s worst nightmare: things being over in the bedroom before they've even begun. Now, one expert has a simple solution which can help men control their ejaculation. Marni Kinrys, a U.S. dating coach, says holding in urine for five seconds at a time strengthens the Kegel, or pelvic, muscles. This, in turn, can improve a man’s performance in the bedroom if practised often enough. Holding in urine can control and prolong a man's ejaculation, as this strengthens the Kegel muscles. Previous studies show 40 per cent of men will suffer premature ejaculation at one point (file photo) Kegel, or pubococcygeus (PC) muscles help with bladder function and ejaculation, but become weaker or stretched as men and women age. Ms Kinrys says strengthening these muscles, just as one would strengthen any other muscle group, allows men to last longer between the sheets. When a person stops urinating mid-stream, the Kegel muscles are activated. In a video posted to Youtube, Ms Kinrys explains: ‘Kegel exercises are something you can do everywhere, at every moment in your life. Driving in a car, in your office, sitting at the doctors. ‘They control your pubococcygeus (PC) muscles so you can control ejaculation and prolong ejaculation’ ‘You want to work your way up to 50 reps a day, a rep being clenching your PC muscles for three to five seconds, and then releasing. Working these muscles has been shown to help with premature ejaculation. To identify the muscles sit relaxed and tighten the muscle around the back passage, as if trying to control wind. You should be able to feel the muscle move. With the correct technique you should feel a dip at the base of the penis, while the scrotum moves up slightly. To perform the exercises: sit, stand or lie with your knees slightly apart. Slowly tighten and pull up the pelvic floor muscles as hard as you can for as long as you can. Rest for four seconds then repeat. Build up until you can do 10 slow contractions at a time, holding them for 10 seconds each. Results are only likely to be seen after daily practice for three months. Source: Bladder and Bowel foundation. ‘You start off by doing 1 to 20 reps then work up to doing 50 reps. ‘Then you want to increase the time from 5 to 7 seconds. Keep increasing from there.’ ‘This will help strengthen your PC muscles so you never have to worry about premature ejaculation again.’ Up to 40 per cent of men suffer from premature ejaculation - defined by the International Society of Sexual Medicine as ejaculation 'within a minute' - at some point in their lives. In most men, the cause is simply being unable to control the ejaculatory response, explains Wendy Hurn, urology nurse consultant at Bristol Royal Infirmary. ‘Some may have more sensitive nerve endings, however stress or pressure can also make the problem worse,' she said. Pelvic floor exercises are often used to help male incontinence, especially after surgery such as operations for prostate cancer. Italian research published last year found that carrying out Kegel exercises daily for 12 weeks increased the average ejaculation time four-fould. The average ejaculation time was 31.7 seconds at the beginning of the trial, but after 12 weeks of exercises this had increased to 146.2 seconds (two minutes and 26 seconds). In total, 33 of the 40 men improved within 12 weeks. Only five men showed no significant improvement. Two had dropped out of the trial early, after showing an improvement. Ms Kinrys recommends clenching when going to the loo for three to five seconds, and repeating this 50 times throughout the day.

What are highlight points for this article?