Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Joe Strange for MailOnline. Follow @@Joe_Strange. Miami Heat's Luol Deng has hit back at Atlanta Hawks general manager Danny Ferry over racist remarks he made about him during a conference call in June. The conversation, which concerned scouting reports of free agents and has just become public, included Ferry saying that Deng 'has a little African in him. Not in a bad way, but he's like a guy who would have a nice store out front but sell you counterfeit stuff out of the back.' Ferry also described Deng as being 'two-faced' and accused him of being a liar and a cheat. Fighting back: Luol Deng has described his pride at his African heritage after comments by Danny Ferry. Punished: Atlanta Hawks general manager Ferry was disciplined by the team for racist remarks about Deng. Power: Michael Gearon Jr (left) and Bruce Levenson. Deng has now responded to those claims in a strongly-worded statement, describing the pride he feels towards his African heritage. 'HE HAS A LITTLE AFRICAN IN HIM,' Deng begins. 'These words were recently used to describe me. It would ordinarily make any African parent proud to hear their child recognised for their heritage. 'I'm proud to say I actually have a lot of African in me, not just 'a little.' For my entire life, my identity has been a source of pride and strength. Among my family and friends, in my country of South Sudan and across the broader continent of Africa, I can think of no greater privilege than to do what I love for a living while also representing my heritage on the highest stage. Unfortunately, the comment about my heritage was not made with the same respect and appreciation. 'Concerning my free agency, the focus should purely have been on my professionalism and my ability as an athlete. Every person should have the right to be treated with respect and evaluated as an individual, rather than be reduced to a stereotype. I am saddened and disappointed that this way of thinking still exists today. I am even more disturbed that it was shared so freely in a business setting. 'However, there is comfort in knowing that there are people who aren't comfortable with it and have the courage to speak up. In the same way a generalization should not define a group of people, the attitude of a few should not define a whole organization or league. 'Ultimately, I'm thankful to be with an organisation that appreciates me for who I am and has gone out of its way to make me feel welcome.' Ever present: Deng spent a decade at the Chicago Bulls before moving to Cleveland and now Miami Heat. Ferry has been disciplined by Hawks CEO Steve Koonin but details of his punishment have not been revealed. He will remain the team's general manager. Ferry apologised for his comments on Tuesday but claimed he was only repeating what he had heard about Sudan-born Deng. 'In regards to the insensitive remarks that were used during our due diligence process, I was repeating comments that were gathered from numerous sources during background conversations and scouting about different players,' Ferry said in the statement. 'I repeated those comments during a telephone conversation reviewing the draft and free agency process. Those words do not reflect my views, or words that I would use to describe an individual and I certainly regret it. I apologise to those I offended and to Luol, who I reached out to Monday morning.' An investigation into Ferry's comments also led to the discovery of a racist email sent by co-owner Bruce Levenson. He has since announced that he will sell his controlling stake in the team.

Highlights: