Police have identified a man accused of stealing cans from a restaurant, who bears a striking resemblance to Friends star David Schwimmer. 
  
 Blackpool Police tweeted: "Could we BE any more overwhelmed with the response to our CCTV appeal after a theft at a restaurant in Blackpool? 
  
 "Most importantly, we're now satisfied we've identified the man in the still & our enquiries are very much continuing." 
  
 Could we BE any more overwhelmed with the response to our CCTV appeal after a theft at a restaurant in Blackpool? Most importantly, we're now satisfied we've identified the man in the still & our enquiries are very much continuing. Huge thanks for sharing it with your Friends 👍 pic.twitter.com/61V2V4KMuu — Blackpool Police (@BlackpoolPolice) October 25, 2018 
  
 Referring to the suspected thief's likeness to Schwimmer, the post ended: "Huge thanks for sharing it with your Friends." 
  
 On Wednesday, the Friends actor posted a video "proving" he was not behind the alleged theft by filming a hilarious spoof video of himself leaving a New York shop carrying a crate of cans, mimicking the suspected Blackpool thief. 
  
 Officers, I swear it wasn't me. 
  
 As you can see, I was in New York. 
  
 To the hardworking Blackpool Police, good luck with the investigation.#itwasntme pic.twitter.com/EDFF9dZoYR — schwim (@DavidSchwimmer) October 24, 2018 
  
 He wrote on Twitter: "Officers, I swear it wasn't me. As you can see, I was in New York. To the hardworking Blackpool Police, good luck with the investigation." 
  
 The gif has been viewed at least six and a half million times, while the post has been retweeted more than 160,000 times and liked more than 536,000 times. 
  
 Lancashire Constabulary posted their original appeal for help identifying the suspect earlier this week, alongside a CCTV image of a man leaving a Blackpool eatery carrying what appeared to be a crate of cans on 20 September. 
  
 The force was subsequently inundated with replies from people saying he looked like Ross Geller, the character Schwimmer played in Friends. 
  
 The since-deleted post was shared more than 40,000 times - and attracted tens of thousands of likes from fans of the long-running US sitcom and setting in motion a week of Friendly social media banter. 
  
 :: Anyone with information on the alleged crime can contact 7798@lancashire.pnn.police.uk. ||||| (CNN) Police have identified a Ross Geller lookalike whose alleged robbery prompted thousands of online comments and a denial from "Friends" star David Schwimmer himself. 
  
 A post appealing for information went viral after Facebook users noticed the suspect, pictured by CCTV clutching a crate of beer, resembled the sitcom character. 
  
 "Could we BE any more overwhelmed with the response to our CCTV appeal about a theft at a restaurant in Blackpool?" Lancashire Police tweeted on Thursday, after the alleged crime in an English seaside town. 
  
 Could we BE any more overwhelmed with the response to our CCTV appeal about a theft at a restaurant in Blackpool? Most importantly, we're now satisfied we've identified the man in the still & our enquiries are very much continuing. Huge thanks for sharing it with your Friends 👍 pic.twitter.com/kzcmJsfi1D — LancsPolice (@LancsPolice) October 25, 2018 
  
 "Most importantly, we're now satisfied we've identified the man in the still & our enquiries are very much continuing. Huge thanks for sharing it with your Friends," they added. 
  
 Fans of the show had inundated Blackpool Police with jokes after their appeal went viral. 
  
 Read More |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?