Outspoken former Apprentice contestant Kate Hopkins - who once said she would never employ an overweight person - has been slammed on Twitter for a 'vile' and 'ignorant' outburst on live TV against overweight people. Appearing on ITV's This Morning opposite 18-stone plus-size model Rachel Cooper Wherry, Hopkins said overweight people are 'deluding themselves' if they think 'big is beautiful', and are using the line as 'an excuse for not wanting to do exercise and for eating as much as you want'. The pair appeared on the talk show to debate the topic of whether big can ever truly be beautiful, following comments from singer Alison Moyet, who shrunk from a size 22 to a size 10 only to confess she preferred being larger. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO. Rachel Cooper Wherry, an 18-stone plus-size model, left, and businesswoman Kate Hopkins, right. Plus-size model Rachel Cooper Wherry, left, appeared on This Morning with former Apprentice contestant Kate Hopkins to debate the issue of whether big can ever be beautiful. In answer to the debate question,. Hopkins said that all people want to lose weight and be thin. She said:. 'Overweight people are deluding themselves. It's an excuse for not wanting to do exercise and for eating as much as you want.' She continued: 'It's harder to be thin - you need discipline. 'Plus-size' is just a euphemism for fat - and who wants to be fat?' 'Big is not beautiful, because big cannot. find clothes they would like to wear,' she added. 'And I don't think we should teach. our kids that big is beautiful when it's not.' When she was asked whether it was a. generalisation to say that everyone would like to be thin, Hopkins. stated that 'life is easier when you're thinner'. Cooper Wherry - who, at 5ft 9in and 18 stone says she is 'extremely happy' with how she looks - said we should teach children about 'balance', and not to be 'obsessive'. Admitting that she probably would like to lose a bit of weight, she said: 'At the end of the day it's more about me feeling less intimidated about being a bigger person and enjoying my life. And not constantly trying to make myself smaller.' When the plus-size model said she was intimidated by gyms because 'people intrinsically judge you and think you're lazy', but that she did do a lot of yoga, Hopkins replied: 'I don't believe you do enough yoga.' The heated scene on today's This Morning. Hopkins added that she resented paying taxes for morbidly obese people to have gastric bands fitted, and for plus size ambulances. 'I'm bored of supporting people. This country is all about support - it's time for discipline.' Disgusted viewers took to Twitter to express their outrage at her opinions, calling her 'vile', 'ignorant' and 'stubborn'. One user, Brownhair&blueeyes, wrote: 'Kate Hopkins is taking this too far about fat people Well guess what love Marilyn Monroe was a size 14 and was the worlds prettiest women!' Another, Vicki Megan, tweeted: 'Thanks #ThisMorning kate hopkins I'm not beautiful as I'm a biggish girl. Thanks for the confidence boost #idiot.' Charlotte82 added: 'Haha. Kate Hopkins on #thismorning saying how great she is cos she's slim. You might be slim, love, but you are also VILE.' Hopkins responded to the Twitter backlash with a retort of her own: 'Lots of obese people tweeting their outrage. Take a lie down dears [sic]. One tweet is enough exercise for today.' Kate Hopkins angers Twitter users following her appearance on This Morning. The Twittersphere gets irate following the broadcast. Kate Hopkins responds on Twitter to the comments that she is 'ignorant' and 'vile'
What are the important parts of this article?