Q:Information:  - Old French (', ', ""; Modern French ) was the Gallo-Romance dialect continuum spoken from the 9th century to the 14th century.  In the 14th century, these dialects came to be collectively known as the "langues d'oïl", contrasting with the "langue d'oc" or Occitan language in the south of France. The mid-14th century is taken as the transitional period to Middle French, the language of the French Renaissance, specifically based on the dialect of the Île-de-France region.  - Emperor Seinei (  Seinei - tenn ) was the 22nd emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession . No firm dates can be assigned to this emperor 's life or reign , but he is conventionally considered to have reigned from 480 -- 484 .  - Empress dowager (also dowager empress or empress mother) is the English language translation of the title given to the mother of a Chinese, Japanese, Korean or Vietnamese emperor.  - An empire is defined as "an aggregate of nations or people ruled over by an emperor or other powerful sovereign or government, usually a territory of greater extent than a kingdom, as the former British Empire, French Empire, Brazilian Empire, Russian Empire, Ottoman Empire, Byzantine Empire or Roman Empire." An empire can be made solely of contiguous territories such as the Austro-Hungarian Empire, or of territories far remote from the homeland, such as a colonial empire.  - An emperor (through Old French "empereor" from ) is a monarch, usually the sovereign ruler of an empire or another type of imperial realm. Empress, the female equivalent, may indicate an emperor's wife ("empress consort"), mother ("empress dowager"), or a woman who rules in her own right ("empress regnant"). Emperors are generally recognized to be of a higher honour and rank than kings. In Europe the title of Emperor was, since the Middle Ages, considered equal or almost equal in dignity to that of Pope, due to the latter's position as visible head of the Church and spiritual leader of Western Europe. The Emperor of Japan is the only currently reigning monarch whose title is translated into English as "Emperor".  - Europe is a continent that comprises the westernmost part of Eurasia. Europe is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. To the east and southeast, Europe is generally considered as separated from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. Yet the non-oceanic borders of Europea concept dating back to classical antiquityare arbitrary. The primarily physiographic term "continent" as applied to Europe also incorporates cultural and political elements whose discontinuities are not always reflected by the continent's current overland boundaries.  - Honour (also honor in American English, see spelling differences) is an abstract concept entailing a perceived quality of worthiness and respectability that affects both the social standing and the self-evaluation of an individual or corporate body such as a family, school, regiment or nation. Accordingly, individuals (or corporate bodies) are assigned worth and stature based on the harmony of their actions with a specific code of honour, and the moral code of the society at large.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'emperor seinei' with the relationship of 'languages spoken or written'.  Choices: - american english  - english  - french  - hungarian  - japanese  - middle french  - turkish  - vietnamese
A: