Information:  - A retired General of the Fire Nation, a nation whose Benders utilize the element of fire, Iroh is the elder brother of Fire Lord Ozai. Though he accompanied his exiled nephew Zuko on his quest to capture Aang in order to restore the young prince's honor and birthright, Iroh wanted to help his nephew become a better person than his father.  - Zuko is a fictional character in Nickelodeon 's animated television series Avatar : The Last Airbender . Created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko , the character is voiced by Dante Basco and is portrayed by Dev Patel in M. Night Shyamalan 's 2010 film The Last Airbender . Zuko is the Crown Prince of the Fire Nation and an incredibly powerful Firebender , meaning he has the elemental ability to create and control fire and to redirect lightning through martial arts . He is the eldest child of Fire Lord Ozai and Princess Ursa , the older brother of Princess Azula and older half - brother of Kiyi . Before the events of the series Zuko is exiled from the Fire Nation by his father and told he must capture the Avatar to restore his honor and right to the throne . Zuko is accompanied and advised in his search by his uncle , Iroh . Over time , Zuko sympathizes with oppressed peoples , and joins the Avatar to restore peace . Zuko has two well known great - grandfathers : on his father 's side , Fire Lord Sozin , who started the hundred - year - war , and on his mother 's side Avatar Roku , the Avatar preceding Aang . In `` The Deserter '' , Zuko 's name was listed on a Fire Nation wanted poster as ``  '' ( z kòu ) . In `` Tales of Ba Sing Se '' , his name was written as ``  '' ( s kè ) on his segment 's title card .  - A monk (from , "monachos", "single, solitary" and Latin "monachus") is a person who practices religious asceticism, living either alone or with any number of other monks. A monk may be a person who decided to dedicate his life to serving all other living beings, or to be an ascetic who voluntarily chooses to leave mainstream society and live his life in prayer and contemplation. The concept is ancient and can be seen in many religions and in philosophy.  - In the show, Azula is the crown princess of the Fire Nation and a Firebending prodigy. Upon Fire Lord Ozai's orders, she begins a quest with her childhood friends and Ty Lee to retrieve her exiled brother Prince Zuko and their uncle Iroh, while also attempting to capture the Avatar, a transcendent being capable of manipulating all four elements (Earth, Water, Fire and Air). Azula is known to be cold, cruel, manipulative, and, as her brother Zuko says, 'always lies'. Throughout the series, she is shown to be capable of a much higher level of bending and yields blue flames, instead of red and orange, as well as having the rare firebending ability to generate pure whitish-blue lightning.  - Aang is the last surviving Airbender, a monk of the Air Nomads' Southern Air Temple. He is an incarnation of the "Avatar", the spirit of light and peace manifested in human form. As the Avatar, Aang controls all four elements and is tasked with keeping the at peace. At 12 years old, Aang is the series' reluctant hero, spending a century in suspended animation before joining new friends and Sokka on a quest to master the elements and save their world from the imperialist Fire Nation.  - Princess is a regal rank and the feminine equivalent of prince (from Latin "princeps", meaning principal citizen). Most often, the term has been used for the consort of a prince or for the daughters of a king or sovereign prince.    What is the relationship between 'zuko' and 'king'?
Answer: