What is the sentiment of the following review?
Long story short: This company and their owner are very rude, disrespectful and insult their customers They do not follow through with the agreements set forth. Buyer beware, do not trust this company unless you want to be burned.   Full Story: Called my home insurance company about a problem with my dishwasher. Tech came out in a couple of days. Upon the tech arriving I asked the tech to remove their shoes (or use booties) because we just had brand new carpet installed. The woman tech immediately copped an attitude with me and huffed and puffed and said "Well, I cant and won't do my job if I have to work with a dishwasher and no shoes. No way." all, while huffing and puffing.   Ok, not off to a good start.   She then inspected the dishwasher with an attitude, banging stuff around. Finally found the issue - bad control board. She ordered the board and said the office would call back when she found the availability of the board that afternoon or the next day.   A week later WE have to hunt them down and ask them the status of the control board. They finally got the board and scheduled a time to install from 8am-12pm on a Saturday. 12:15pm rolls around and we call them and then ask for "Dave"  the owner. A male answers and says "WHOS THIS?!?!" - what a nice way to answer your business phone, buddy. After some back and forth he says that they never stated 8am-12pm and that its going to be between 12pm-5pm and that they're backed up (did not say sorry, or anything). He then gets an attitude with my wife because he informs her that it's our fault for not listening correctly to his rep the day before.   Seriously, who says that to a customer?   She informs him that we had cancelled our morning plans to account for the service tech and now this completely ruins our plans for today as we have to cancel afternoon plans as well. Connection gets muffled and my wife cant hear anything, she hangs up.   He calls back in about 2 minutes and I pick up. He immediately asks me if my wife always hangs up on service technicians. WOW, really? Did he just say that? I inform him that she's frustrated because no one called and we were given the wrong information so now we have wasted our day waiting for service. He didnt care and said "well thats not our fault, we said 12pm-5pm". I informed him that that is not what she heard and she is very precise. He then tells me to stop insulting his wife because thats who my wife spoke to last night to confirm the appointment and he was apparently sitting there next to her. I pause, wait, and then ask ... "well, ok, whats the next step I need to get this fixed." He says "Well I dont appreciate being hung up on and having my wife treated this way." I inform him that we simply dont like the way he's treating us and informed him that if he wanted to keep it up I'd call the insurance company and complain about his company (which would give him a lower ranking on service calls). He says "Go ahead, they wont do nothing, I've been with them for 30 years, they wont do nothing." Me: "Hmmm, ok, whatever, I need to get this fixed, whats the next step." Him: "Well, if your doing with this man to man pissing match, then maybe we can do it." Again I inform him he has a terrible attitude and I just want to get it fixed. He then says: "You know what, call the insurance company we're not doing anything for you." I tell him to take a flying leap.   Thats the end of it. DO NOT EVER USE THIS COMPANY. No one should use a company who treats their customers like absolute garbage.   Terrible Service.  Terrible Attitude.  Terrible all around.