Here is an article:

The trouble is that some storms last longer than others. And – to extend the metaphor – there are no longer meteorologists who command our trust. Before the Crash, it was central bankers who acted as global shamen: none more so than Alan Greenspan, whose very surname reassuringly suggested generations of verdant growth. Yet today, for obvious reasons, Greenspan is a much-humbled figure. Last week, the Governor of the Bank of England, Sir Mervyn King, declared: “Who knows what’s going to happen tomorrow, let alone in the next 12 months?”

With the economic tarot cards opaque, politics has become a more precarious game. Before the eurozone crisis, the Tories’ electoral strategy was essentially one honed over many discussions before the election in the basement kitchen of Osborne’s west London home. The pain of deficit reduction would be front-loaded at the beginning of the Parliament, and the Government would accept a period of extreme unpopularity (remember: they expected to be governing alone, with a modest majority, and facing David, not Ed, Miliband across the Dispatch Box). Fiscal conservatism would be the basis of the stability that would encourage growth and, in time, an upswing in the polls. By the end of the Parliament, Osborne would be in a position to deliver a giveaway Budget, and steer the party comfortably towards a second term. To say the least, that narrative is looking decidedly shaky now.

The phrase most often used by Cameron to his colleagues at present is “rolling up our sleeves”: he insists upon visible activity by ministers, the constant dramatisation of their empathy with those suffering economic hardship, and of the Coalition’s collective refusal to be fatalistic. Governments can indeed soothe the bond markets, cut red tape, improve the tax environment, make planning easier, stretch a hand out to small and medium-sized businesses. They can designate economic “enterprise” zones and fund more apprenticeships (as the PM did with the £250 million scheme launched on Thursday). In generational terms, the reforms of the education system being enacted by Michael Gove and David Willetts are the most important supply-side measures being taken by this administration.

What governments cannot do is dictate the economic weather, its timing, its colossal mood-swings. The PM and his most senior colleagues know that they must leaven their activism with realism. They must be sleeplessly energetic, but not over-promise. This is more than crafty expectation management. It is a reflection of genuine, deep-seated uncertainty. If the contagion that once seemed to have stopped at Athens can reach Paris, then he who predicts with certainty where the euro crisis is leading is either a fool or a knave.

All of which means that the Government’s contingency planning must be political as well as economic. While the Treasury contemplates what Europe might look like if the euro fell apart, Osborne’s other team – his political squadron – considers how nimble it may have to be. The 2015 election was meant to be fought under the banner: “Don’t let Labour blacken these blue skies.”

Yet, increasingly, it seems that the message will be something harsher, appealing to the fear that, as bad as things are, they would be a lot, lot worse under Ed Miliband. It’s how the Tories won in 1992. It’s how you beat a party that has lost its economic credibility (as Labour has). It’s how you cling to power when the job isn’t done. In November 2011, prophecy is mostly a mug’s game. But what we can predict with some certainty is that politics is going to get uglier.

Write a title for it.