Hillary Clinton and the 2016 Democrats: Mostly Liberal, Together

Among seven potential Democratic presidential contenders, Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming favorite — and the third-most liberal candidate. How the other candidates are arrayed on an ideological spectrum could make her run for the White House easier than the last time out.

In some ways, the cast of candidates for 2016 resembles the group from the 2008 race, with a field of stalwartly liberal politicians. Mrs. Clinton was slightly more liberal in 2008 than now, according to Crowdpac, which scores politicians on a left-right scale of -10 to 10. (Crowdpac bases this mainly on campaign contributions, but also on votes and speeches.) Her problem was that Barack Obama, who was further to the left of her — at -7.8 to her -6.9 — also had the donors who were to the left of her. He ran a better campaign, particularly in Iowa, and benefited from a surge in money from small-dollar donors.

This time, Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts (-8.2) and Bernie Sanders (-8.3), Vermont’s independent senator, are to her left. Ms. Warren has the higher fund-raising profile of the two, with a leadership PAC that raised more than $2 million during the 2014 election cycle. But she and Mrs. Clinton (and to a lesser extent Mr. Sanders) would be competing for a similar pool of donors. During her 2012 Senate race, Ms. Warren raised more than $3.4 million from individuals who also gave to Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign, Federal Election Commission data shows.

Crowdpac ideological scores for potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidates.

Crowdpac ideological scores for potential 2016 Democratic presidential candidates.

The field of potential Democratic presidential candidates is ideologically cohesive. While there is room to the left of Mrs. Clinton’s Crowdpac score of -6.4, there is not a lot.

The lack of distance between the Democratic hopefuls suggests that creating a wedge between someone like Ms. Warren and Mrs. Clinton would be harder among Democratic donors, and perhaps among the broader primary electorate.

There are few issues where the gap between those two is significant. Gun control policy and immigration are possible points of contention, according to Crowdpac, which also generates scores for issues. On both issues, Ms. Warren is scored as much more liberal than Mrs. Clinton.

The situation is different for Republicans, with considerable space available to the right of Jeb Bush (4.2) — and a lot of candidates to vie for it.

There is more room to the right of Mrs. Clinton. Most of the other potential candidates fit there, including Vice President Joe Biden, who has a -4.4 score, and Jim Webb, the former Virginia senator, who is at -5.3. Those two resemble the more centrist Democratic candidates that won the nomination in previous elections. Al Gore, for instance, had a Crowdpac score of -5.1 in 2000. Bill Clinton rated a -4.45 in 1996.

Crowdpac scores for Democratic presidential candidates in 2008.

Crowdpac scores for Democratic presidential candidates in 2008.

Mr. Obama is the most liberal Democrat elected to the presidency in the period Crowdpac has analyzed, which began in 1980.

Mr. Obama was able to broaden his pool of donors beyond what earlier Democratic primary candidates managed. Donors likely to support Democratic candidates will include moderates and some conservatives, but as the party has shifted left, its donors have gone with it. Mrs. Clinton benefits from that shift even as she stands quite a distance from her husband on the ideological spectrum.
What are the most important parts of this text?