Ques & Ans: "Daydreaming" is a ballad with a "simple, sad" piano motif, "spooky" backmasked vocals, and ambient, electronic and orchestral elements. The song ends with reversed, warped, and slowed vocals; when reversed, Yorke seems to be singing "Half of my life", "I've found my love", or "Every minute, half of my love". Several critics felt the lyrics were coloured by Radiohead singer Thom Yorke's separation from his partner of 23 years Rachel Owen. Pitchfork noted that this period was "about as long as Radiohead have been releasing music" and saw the song as a "reckoning with those years, and, in one way or another, an elegy to them."

Based on this passage, what does thom yorke say at the end of daydreaming?
`` Half of my life '' , `` I 've found my love '' , or `` Every minute , half of my love ''
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information to answer the above question is: The song ends with reversed, warped, and slowed vocals; when reversed, Yorke seems to be singing "Half of my life", "I've found my love", or "Every minute, half of my love".

Ques & Ans: The series -- presented as if it were a real documentary -- depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In the episode, Robert California (James Spader) brings his wife (Maura Tierney) into the office for a job, and tells Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) behind her back not to give her one. Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) opens a gym in the building and tries to get Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) to join it.

Based on this passage, who plays robert california's wife on the office?
Maura Tierney
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: In the episode, Robert California (James Spader) brings his wife (Maura Tierney) into the office for a job, and tells Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) behind her back not to give her one.

Ques & Ans: The character is portrayed by Gwyneth Paltrow in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Iron Man, Iron Man 2, The Avengers, Iron Man 3 and Spider-Man: Homecoming.

Answer this question: who plays pepper potts in iron man 1?
Gwyneth Paltrow
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information is: The character is portrayed by Gwyneth Paltrow in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Iron Man, Iron Man 2, The Avengers, Iron Man 3 and Spider-Man: Homecoming.

Ques & Ans: In physical cosmology, Big Bang nucleosynthesis (abbreviated BBN, also known as primordial nucleosynthesis, arch ( a) eonucleosynthesis, archonucleosynthesis, protonucleosynthesis and pal (a) eonucleosynthesis ) refers to the production of nuclei other than those of the lightest isotope of hydrogen (hydrogen-1, H, having a single proton as a nucleus) during the early phases of the Universe. Primordial nucleosynthesis is believed by most cosmologists to have taken place in the interval from roughly 10 seconds to 20 minutes after the Big Bang, and is calculated to be responsible for the formation of most of the universe's helium as the isotope helium-4 (He), along with small amounts of the hydrogen isotope deuterium (H or D), the helium isotope helium-3 (He), and a very small amount of the lithium isotope lithium-7 (Li). In addition to these stable nuclei, two unstable or radioactive isotopes were also produced: the heavy hydrogen isotope tritium (H or T); and the beryllium isotope beryllium-7 (Be); but these unstable isotopes later decayed into He and Li, as above.

Based on this passage, where did helium come from the early universe?
in the interval from roughly 10 seconds to 20 minutes after the Big Bang
Stream of consciousness: