Q: The sixth and final season of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air premiered on September 18, 1995, and aired its final episodes on May 20, 1996. In the series finale, the main characters all move out of the Banks Mansion to move on with their lives. Hilary's talk show moves to New York City; Ashley moves to New York with Hilary; Carlton transfers to Princeton University; Geoffrey moves back to England to be with his son; Philip, Vivian and Nicky move to New York to be closer to the rest of the family; and Will remains in California to finish his college studies. Will Smith, James Avery, Alfonso Ribeiro, Tatyana Ali, and Joseph Marcell appear in all episodes. Karyn Parsons was absent for one episode (ep. 4). Daphne Maxwell Reid was absent for five episodes and Ross Bagley was absent for eight episodes. DJ Jazzy Jeff appears in five episodes this season.

Based on this passage, what happened at the end of fresh prince?
A: the main characters all move out of the Banks Mansion to move on with their lives. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: In the series finale, the main characters all move out of the Banks Mansion to move on with their lives.

Q: The attack commenced at 7: 48 a.m. Hawaiian Time (18: 18 GMT). The base was attacked by 353 Imperial Japanese aircraft (including fighters, level and dive bombers, and torpedo bombers) in two waves, launched from six aircraft carriers. All eight U.S. Navy battleships were damaged, with four sunk. All but the USS Arizona were later raised, and six were returned to service and went on to fight in the war. The Japanese also sank or damaged three cruisers, three destroyers, an anti-aircraft training ship, and one minelayer. One hundred eighty-eight U.S. aircraft were destroyed; 2,403 Americans were killed and 1,178 others were wounded. Important base installations such as the power station, dry dock, shipyard, maintenance, and fuel and torpedo storage facilities, as well as the submarine piers and headquarters building (also home of the intelligence section), were not attacked. Japanese losses were light: 29 aircraft and five midget submarines lost, and 64 servicemen killed. One Japanese sailor, Kazuo Sakamaki, was captured.

Answer this question based on the passage: how many planes did japan lose at pearl harbor?
A: 29. How to explain the answer? To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Japanese losses were light: 29 aircraft and five midget submarines lost, and 64 servicemen killed.

Q: The Super Bowl LI Halftime show took place on February 5, 2017, at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas as part of Super Bowl LI. The show was headlined by Lady Gaga, who performed a medley of her songs, including newer material from her most recent studio album Joanne.

Who performed at last year's super bowl 2017?
A: Lady Gaga. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: The show was headlined by Lady Gaga, who performed a medley of her songs, including newer material from her most recent studio album Joanne.

Q: Context: Spike and Tyke are fictional characters from the Tom and Jerry animated film series, created by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. Spike Bulldog (who goes by different names in a few episodes-Killer for four episodes, Butch for two episodes, and Bulldog for one) is portrayed as an American bulldog, who is generally friendly and amiable, and a loving father to his son Tyke in several episodes. However, Spike's character also has a very stern, and fierce side, for occasions such as when he is defending his son Tyke.

Question: what kind of dog was spike from tom and jerry?
A: