In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Usually when leaving a company, notifying your manager is good enough. However, if a situation has already involved Human Resources (such as a dispute with your manager or a harassment issue), request that a representative from Human Resources be present. It is easier to request a face to face meeting if you work in the same office or can easily travel to a common location (as you may do for other meetings). If either your manager or Human Resources are not readily reachable in person, you may request a phone call or video conference. It is not essential to fly or drive over 4 hours to break the news. When requesting a meeting, say “I would like to have a short meeting with you to discuss something. When is a time good today?” You do not need to say you are leaving your job at this point. Start off by thanking anyone present for taking the time to meet with you. Then, politely express that you have chosen to leave the company. Give your last date of employment. A 2-week notice is considered customary and professional. However, if the situation is serious as with a harassment issue, you may be waived the 2 week notice requirement. When you come into a meeting with strong, upsetting emotions, it is difficult to have a productive meeting. The meeting may become high-tension and leave both parties upset. This is not the best way to leave your job. It is important to remain as calm as possible, even if it pains you to do so. This means not to discuss all the negatives about your job. Keep it simple and short by briefly stating your reasons for leaving and move on. For example, if you are leaving because a conflict with you manager, do not say, “I am leaving because my manager is mean and doesn’t understand me." Instead, you can say, “I am leaving due to conflict in management style and (your manager’s name) would agree this work relationship is not working out”. You may provide constructive criticism during an exit interview. If your company does not conduct exit interviews, you can ask your manager or Human Resources if you can provide suggestions on how to improve the company. If they decline, do not insist. If the company does want to hear your suggestions: Provide valuable suggestions or constructive criticism so that the company can retain its other employees. For example, if you left because of harassment, you can say “It would be good for the employees if the company provided additional harassment training“. If you are leaving and already have a new job, it is OK to disclose the name of the new company and your new title. However, if you start discussing details such as your new responsibilities, it may seem like you are bragging and can leave a bad impression. Many jobs provide valuable knowledge and experience to help you advance your career. Even if you are leaving due to an unpleasant situation, it is important to recognize this fact and thank your manager for the opportunity. This will leave a good lasting impression. Your letter should state the basic details of your resignation. Present your resignation letter at the end of your meeting. This letter will be kept in your file and should include:  A sentence telling the company you are leaving. Your last date of employment. A thank you for the opportunity to work for the company. An example of a good resignation letter would be: “I wish to inform you that I am resigning from my position as Sales Manager. My last date of employment will be April 5, 2014. Thank you for the opportunity to gain valuable experience and I wish the company good luck in the future”.

Summary: