Here is a news article: You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.com 
  
 We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. 
  
 Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue. 
  
 Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you! ||||| Foursquare has just gained its highest-profile user yet: President Barack Obama. 
  
 "The White House is now on Foursquare, a location-based social networking website, which is the latest way for you to engage with the administration," The White House said on its blog. "There are over 10 million people already 'checking in' around the world, and now you’ll be able to discover 'tips' from the White House featuring the places President Obama has visited, what he did there, plus historical information and more." 
  
 The White House says that it will be posting tips about the president's visits around the country as he embarks on an economic bus tour across the Midwest. The White House will also be creating checkin locations for different presidential events. The White House posted its first tip on its page on Monday, revealing that the president delivered a speech in Cannon Falls, Minnesota, where he discussed ways to grow and strengthen the economy. 
  
 Obama joining Foursquare comes just hours after the geosocial network unveiled Tip Lists, a feature that lets users and brands bundle and curate their best tips into easy-to-follow lists. It seems that the White House will be using Tip Lists as a way to track the president's visits across the country as he begins his campaign for reelection. 
  
 The addition of the president to Foursquare's 10 million-plus users could be a watershed moment for the mobile service, especially as the 2012 campaign kicks into high gear. Expect a lot more people to join Foursquare very soon. ||||| First Facebook, then Twitter and now Foursquare; Obama sure gets around (social platforms). As announced today on the White House blog, Obama will be checking in to the location-based service as he hits stops on his economic bus tour in the Midwest. Of course. 
  
 Users who want to follow Barack can check out the White House Foursquare page here, where they can now subscribe to White House Tips as well as check in to the White House when they visit as well as Presidential events. And Barack has already left his first “Tip” linking to a blog post about the tour’s first stop at Lower Hannah’s Bend Park in Cannon Falls, Minnesota. Eh, someone should tell him that’s not exactly how they’re used. 
  
 One wonders how much of this social media outreach is the doing of newly brought on Obama campaign CTO (and former Threadless CTO) Harper Reed who is hep to these things, and how useful the location-based service will be in getting the word out to supporters. In any case it seems like you need to follow the President through his page to actually find him — searching for “Barack Obama” on the mobile app got me a guy in Salt Lake City Utah and a Barack Obama in London. 
  
 While probably the service’s most famous, Barack isn’t the only politician on Foursquare. Mayor Bloomberg famously checked into the Marriage Equalitocalypse earlier this summer and Mitt Romney and Cory Booker are also sharing their checkins with fans. *Insert joke about Obama automatically being the mayor of everything he visits here.* 
  
 Also: It seems like Foursquare has set up the White House Page to automatically follow people back, otherwise Obama would be fielding A LOT of friend requests. I personally can’t wait until he joins Instagram. |||||
A summary of this is?