Information:  - Jabodetabek (originally Jabotabek) is an official and administrative definition of the urban area or megacity surrounding the Indonesia capital city, Jakarta. The definition "Jabotabek" dated from the late 1970s and was revised to "Jabodetabek" a decade later when "De" (for "Depok") was inserted into the name; it finally included five municipalities and three regencies, it was officially expanded again in 2011 to "Jabodetabekjur" to incorporate a part of Cianjur Regency.  - Serang ("Kabupaten Serang") is a regency of Banten province, Indonesia. The administrative center of the regency is at Baros, while the capital of the province is the independent municipality of Serang ("Kota Serang") which was split off the regency in 2007. Serang is about 10 km from Old Banten, the eponymous former sultanate's capital. Merak, a major port and ferry terminal, is located just west of the regency. Serang Regency and its capital have experience a heavy influx of residents as Jakarta continues its outward growth; some planning agencies consider it to be part of the metropolitan area. It shares its eastern border with Tangerang Regency of Jabodetabek.  - Old Banten (Indonesian Banten Lama) is an archaeological site in the northern coast of Serang Regency, Banten, Indonesia. Located 11 km north of Serang city, the site of Old Banten contains the ruin of the walled port city of Banten, the 16th-century capital of the Sultanate of Banten.  - Tangerang Regency is a regency of Banten province, Indonesia. The current regent is H. Ismet Iskandar. Though commonly misunderstood as being a part of Jakarta, Tangerang is actually outside Jakarta City but is part of Greater Jakarta (which is called Jabotabek, Tangerang being the "ta" of the acronym). Since 1993, the Regency has lost territory as first Tangerang city was split off on 27 February 1993 and subsequently South Tangerang city was split off on 29 October 2008. The residual Regency now has an area of 959.61 km² and an official 2010 census count of 2,838,621; the latest estimate (as at 2014) is 3,154,790. Tigaraksa is the capital of the regency.  - Indonesia (or ; Indonesian: ), officially the Republic of Indonesia, is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania. Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans, it is the world's largest island country, with more than seventeen thousand islands. At , Indonesia is the world's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area. It has an estimated population of over 260 million people and is the world's fourth most populous country, the most populous Austronesian nation, as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country. The world's most populous island of Java contains more than half of the country's population.  - Cinangka is a small town in the Serang Regency , developed in the 1980s . Cinangka District has administrators called Camat . or it could be a small village in Sawangan , Depok , Jawa Barat and `` Lurah '' as its administrator .  - Banten is the westernmost province on the island of Java, in Indonesia. The provincial capital city is Serang.  - Serang municipality (Indonesian: "Kota Serang") is the capital of Banten province and was formerly also the administrative center of Serang Regency in Indonesia (the Regency's capital is now at Baros). The city is located towards the north of Banten province. Before Banten province was formed in 2000 Serang was part of West Java province.    What is the relationship between 'cinangka' and 'banten province'?