Problem:"Paradise by the Dashboard Light" is a song written by Jim Steinman. It was first released in 1977 on the album Bat Out of Hell, with vocals by the American musician Meat Loaf alongside Ellen Foley. The song is most notable for its unique structure and length, and has become a staple of classic rock radio. Entitled "Let Me Sleep on It," the song was also recorded by Brotherhood of Man. (1)

Who sang on paradise by the dashboard light?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: It was first released in 1977 on the album Bat Out of Hell, with vocals by the American musician Meat Loaf alongside Ellen Foley.
Meat Loaf alongside Ellen Foley.

Student A:"I'm Lovin' It" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. The song was produced by The Neptunes and is credited as being written by Pharrell Williams, Tom Batoy, Andreas Forberger and Franco Tortora.

Based on this passage, who wrote i'm lovin it mcdonald's?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The song was produced by The Neptunes and is credited as being written by Pharrell Williams, Tom Batoy, Andreas Forberger and Franco Tortora.
Pharrell Williams , Tom Batoy , Andreas Forberger and Franco Tortora.

Problem:The Radcliffe Line was the boundary demarcation line between India and Pakistan published on 17 August 1947 upon the Partition of India. It was named after its architect, Sir Cyril Radcliffe, who, as chairman of the Border Commissions, was charged with equitably dividing 175,000 square miles (450,000 km) of territory with 88 million people. Today its western side still serves as the Indo-Pakistani border and the eastern side serves as the India-Bangladesh border.

Answer this question: who draw the border between india and pakistan?
Solution:OK... The important part for answering this question is: It was named after its architect, Sir Cyril Radcliffe, who, as chairman of the Border Commissions, was charged with equitably dividing 175,000 square miles (450,000 km) of territory with 88 million people.
Sir Cyril Radcliffe.

Student A:Passage: "I Wan'na Be like You" is a song from Walt Disney's 1967 film The Jungle Book. The song was written by songwriters Robert and Richard Sherman and was performed by Louis Prima.

Question: Based on this passage, who sings i wanna be like you jungle book?
Student B:OK... The relevant information is: The song was written by songwriters Robert and Richard Sherman and was performed by Louis Prima.
Louis Prima.

Problem:Reita Faria Powell (born 23 August 1943) born to Goan parents in British Bombay (now Mumbai) is an Indian model, doctor and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss World title in the year 1966, making her the first Asian woman to win the event. She is also the first Miss World winner to qualify as a Doctor.

Answer this question based on the passage: who is the first miss world in india?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Reita Faria Powell (born 23 August 1943) born to Goan parents in British Bombay (now Mumbai) is an Indian model, doctor and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss World title in the year 1966, making her the first Asian woman to win the event.
Reita Faria Powell.

Problem:Passage: Harold Phil Gant (born January 10, 1940), better known as "Handsome Harry", is a retired American racecar driver best known for driving the No. 33 Skoal Bandit car on the NASCAR Winston Cup (now Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series) circuit during the 1980s and 1990s and his 4-race win streak in 1991.

Question: Based on this passage, who drove the number 33 car in nascar?
Solution: