Information:  - Thrace (Modern , "Thráke" "Trakiya") is a historical and geographic area in southeast Europe, centered on the modern borders of Bulgaria, Greece, and Turkey. In antiquity, it was also referred to as Europe, prior to the extension of the term to describe the whole continent. As a geographical concept, Thrace designates a region bounded by the Balkan Mountains on the north, Rhodope Mountains and the Aegean Sea on the south, and by the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmara on the east. The areas it comprises are southeastern Bulgaria (Northern Thrace), northeastern Greece (Western Thrace), and the European part of Turkey (Eastern Thrace). The biggest part of Thrace is part of present-day Bulgaria. In Turkey, it is also called Rumeli. The name comes from the Thracians, an ancient Indo-European people inhabiting Southeastern Europe.  - Cyrus I ( Old Persian : Kuruš ) or Cyrus I of Anshan , was King of Anshan in Persia from c. 600 to 580 BC or , according to others , from c. 652 to 600 BC. He should not be confused with his famous grandson Cyrus the Great , also known as Cyrus II. His name in Modern Persian is  , Kurosh , while in Greek he was called  , Kros .  - An empire is defined as "an aggregate of nations or people ruled over by an emperor or other powerful sovereign or government, usually a territory of greater extent than a kingdom, as the former British Empire, French Empire, Brazilian Empire, Russian Empire, Ottoman Empire, Byzantine Empire or Roman Empire." An empire can be made solely of contiguous territories such as the Austro-Hungarian Empire, or of territories far remote from the homeland, such as a colonial empire.  - Cyrus II of Persia ("Kruš"; New Persian: "Krosh"; Hebrew:  "Koresh"; c. 600 or 576  530 BC), commonly known as Cyrus the Great and also called Cyrus the Elder by the Greeks, was the founder of the Achaemenid Empire. Under his rule, the empire embraced all the previous civilized states of the ancient Near East, expanded vastly and eventually conquered most of Southwest Asia and much of Central Asia and the Caucasus. From the Mediterranean Sea and Hellespont in the west to the Indus River in the east, Cyrus the Great created the largest empire the world had yet seen. Under his successors, the empire eventually stretched at its maximum extent from parts of the Balkans (Bulgaria-Paeonia and Thrace-Macedonia) and Eastern Europe proper in the west, to the Indus Valley in the east. His regal titles in full were The Great King, King of Persia, King of Anshan, King of Media, King of Babylon, King of Sumer and Akkad, and King of the Four Corners of the World.  - The Indus River, also called Darya-e-Sindh or Sindh River or Absn, is a major south-flowing river in South Asia. The total length of the river is which makes it one of the longest rivers in Asia. Originating in the western part of Tibet in the vicinity of Mount Kailash and Lake Manasarovar, the river runs a course through Ladakh, Gilgit-Baltistan, and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and then flows along the entire length of Punjab to merge into the Arabian Sea near the city of Thatta in Sindh. It is the longest river of Pakistan.  - Babylon (or ; Aramaic: , "Babel", , "Bavel", , "Bbil") was a major city of ancient Mesopotamia in the fertile plain between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. The city was built upon the Euphrates and divided in equal parts along its left and right banks, with steep embankments to contain the river's seasonal floods. Babylon was originally a small Semitic Akkadian city dating from the period of the Akkadian Empire c. 2300 BC.    What is the relationship between 'cyrus i' and 'sovereign'?
A: