In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

The symptoms of an ectopic pregnancy can be very frightening. If you are experiencing these symptoms and are feeling really overwhelmed or panicked, take a few moments to breathe deeply. Remind yourself that it's okay to feel scared or upset, and that what you are experiencing now will pass. The best thing you can do is get to the doctor as soon as possible so that they can figure out what is going on and give you appropriate treatment. If you suspect an ectopic pregnancy, whether or not you've already had a positive pregnancy test, get to a doctor or emergency room as soon as possible. An ectopic pregnancy can become life-threatening quickly if left untreated. Your doctor will have a better chance of diagnosing you correctly if you can give them a clear description of your symptoms. Let them know how long you have had the symptoms and whether they appeared gradually or suddenly. Provide as many details as possible. For example, if you are experiencing pain, describe the location, type, and intensity of the pain. You might say, “I got a sudden, sharp pain in my pelvis about an hour ago, and it hasn't gone away.” In addition to asking about your current symptoms, the doctor may want to know details about your overall health and any recent history that might be related to your symptoms. They may ask about:  The date of your last period. Whether your last period was unusual in any way. Any previous pregnancies. Whether you are sexually active or trying to conceive. What type(s) of birth control you are using, if any. Whether you have had in vitro fertilization. Your previous history of serious health conditions, if any. Any medications you are currently taking. A pelvic exam is usually the first step in diagnosing an ectopic pregnancy. Your doctor will check for any particular areas of pain or tenderness and feel for obvious masses. At the same time, they will check to see if there are any other visible causes of your symptoms. While your doctor will not be able to definitively diagnose an ectopic pregnancy based on a pelvic exam alone, this exam can help narrow down the most likely causes of your symptoms. If your doctor suspects an ectopic pregnancy based on the pelvic exam, they may wish to run lab tests to check your hCG and progesterone (pregnancy hormone) levels. Unusual pregnancy hormone levels can be a good indicator of ectopic pregnancy. Your doctor may draw some blood or ask you to provide a urine sample for testing. If your doctor suspects an ectopic pregnancy, they will probably recommend an immediate vaginal ultrasound. Your doctor or an ultrasound technician will insert a small device into your vagina to perform the ultrasound and look for evidence of an ectopic pregnancy.  Occasionally, it may be too early for an ectopic pregnancy to show on an ultrasound. If this is the case, your doctor may monitor your condition and repeat the ultrasound at a later date. An ectopic pregnancy is usually clearly visible on an ultrasound by 4-5 weeks after the date of conception. In some cases, your doctor may wish to perform a culdocentesis. This test can help determine whether you have a ruptured fallopian tube. In culdocentesis, a needle is inserted into the top of the vagina to check for the presence of blood behind the uterus and above the rectum. If your symptoms are severe enough (e.g., if you are bleeding heavily), your emergency medical team may decide there is no time for diagnostic testing. In these situations, the best option may be emergency surgery to locate and treat the source of the problem as quickly as possible.