Q: At its widest points, the Lower Peninsula is 277 miles (446 km) long from north to south and 195 miles (314 km) from east to west. It contains nearly two-thirds of Michigan's total land area. The surface of the peninsula is generally level, broken by conical hills and glacial moraines usually not more than a few hundred feet tall. The western coast features extensive sandy beaches and dunes. It is divided by a low water divide running north and south. The larger portion of the state is on the west of this and gradually slopes toward Lake Michigan. The highest point in the Lower Peninsula is not definitely established but is either Briar Hill at 1,705 feet (520 m), or one of several points nearby in the vicinity of Cadillac. The lowest point is the surface of Lake Erie at 571 feet (174 m).

What is the highest point in michigan's lower peninsula?
A: either Briar Hill at 1,705 feet ( 520 m ) , or one of several points nearby in the vicinity of Cadillac. How to explain the answer? The relevant information to answer the above question is: The highest point in the Lower Peninsula is not definitely established but is either Briar Hill at 1,705 feet (520 m), or one of several points nearby in the vicinity of Cadillac.

Q: Joyce Barnaby (Jane Wymark) (series 1-13) -- DCI Tom Barnaby's long-suffering wife. She is tolerant of her husband, despite his being a workaholic who spent their honeymoon solving the case of the "Pimlico Poisoner", which suggests that they met in London. Joyce is an easy-going and friendly woman who likes to be involved in community activities. She has long possessed a desire to move out of their Causton home and into one of the picturesque Midsomer villages -- only to be put off by the grisly murders that occur there. She's known to her family as an experimental, but not always successful, cook. Thus, Tom is often seen taking advantage of every opportunity to dine out. She married Tom in 1973 and their only child, Cully, was born five years later in 1978. Her parents are called Muriel and Douglas.

Who played tom barnaby's wife in midsomer murders?
A: Jane Wymark. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: Joyce Barnaby (Jane Wymark) (series 1-13) -- DCI Tom Barnaby's long-suffering wife.

Q: "Girl I Got My Eyes On You" is a 1989 single by R&B vocal group, Today. The single was their most successful of six chart releases on the Hot Black singles chart, peaking at number one for one week. As was the case with all their releases, none of Today's singles crossed over to the Hot 100, however, "Girl I Got My Eyes On You" peaked at number twenty-nine on the dance charts. The song chorus is interpolated from Carrie Lucas 1982 single "Show Me Where you Coming From".

Based on this passage, who sang i got my eyes on you?
A: R&B vocal group , Today. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: "Girl I Got My Eyes On You" is a 1989 single by R&B vocal group, Today.

Q: Passage: Lombard Street is an east -- west street in San Francisco, California that is famous for a steep, one-block section with eight hairpin turns. Stretching from The Presidio east to The Embarcadero (with a gap on Telegraph Hill), most of the street's western segment is a major thoroughfare designated as part of U.S. Route 101. The famous one-block section, claimed as "the crookedest street in the world", is located along the eastern segment in the Russian Hill neighborhood. The street was named after Lombard Street in Philadelphia by San Francisco surveyor Jasper O'Farrell.

Question: Based on this passage, what is the windiest street in san francisco?
A: