ANCHORAGE - 
  
 A Kenai family’s abrupt disappearance remains a mystery. 
  
 More from KTUU Photos: Kenai Missing Family 
  
 Canine search teams from out-of-state spent days scouring areas thought to hold clues to what may have become of 37-year-old Brandon Jividen, 22-year-old Rebecca Adams, 5-year-old Michelle Hundley and 3-year-old Jaracca Hundley. 
  
 Investigators from Kenai Police Department and Federal Bureau of Investigation also conducted a ground search, and a helicopter peered down looking for clues. 
  
 “Both of these expansive efforts did not reveal the location of the missing persons,” KPD wrote in a release. 
  
 Family members last heard from Adams on May 27 when she made a phone call to her sister, Lanell Adams, in which the missing mother sounded “distressed.” 
  
 There was no sign of forced entry into the apartment and officers found the door to the apartment locked. Investigators did not observe any signs of a struggle or obvious signs foul play in the apartment. 
  
 Both Adams and Jividen’s vehicles remain parked behind their home, but police could not confirm how long it had been since they had last been moved. 
  
 While police are unsure what happened, they say Jividen enjoyed the outdoors., though there is no specific information that the family is in a remote wilderness areas. 
  
 “We are hopeful members of the public will closely observe the missing person photographs and immediately report any sightings of the missing persons in urban areas, as well as remote areas of Alaska,” KPD wrote. 
  
 Anyone with information about the missing family is asked to call the Kenai police at 907-283-7879. ||||| By Steve Quinn 
  
 JUNEAU Alaska (Reuters) - Local and federal authorities have scaled back a three-week search for a missing Alaska couple and their two small children who were last heard from in late May, police said. 
  
 Rebecca Adams, 22, her two daughters aged 5 and 3, and her 37-year-old boyfriend Brandon Jividen were reported missing on May 27 from their home in Kenai, a city of about 7,300 residents 65 miles (105 km) southwest of Anchorage. 
  
 An FBI canine scent detection team recently completed an extended search in wooded areas near the family’s apartment, Kenai Police said in a statement late on Wednesday. Ground searches, accompanied by aerial assistance, also ended. 
  
 The department added in its statement that “there was no sign of forced entry into the apartment and officers found the door to the apartment locked. Investigators did not observe any signs of a struggle or obvious signs of foul play in the apartment.” 
  
 The police said investigators “continue to work diligently on this highest priority investigation.” 
  
 Officers distributed more photos this week of the family and vehicles left at their apartment. Authorities had already distributed photos to law enforcement agencies throughout Alaska. 
  
 Police said family members last heard from Rebecca Adams on May 27. She was seen on a local business surveillance video several days earlier. Police also said they had evidence she was driving one of the family vehicles on May 25. 
  
 Authorities say the family uncharacteristically left their home without notice, without paying rent, leaving behind their cars, camping gear and the children’s car seats. The family's dog is also missing. 
  
 (Editing by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Peter Cooney) ||||| Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?