By. Associated Press. A few weeks after David Letterman announced he'd be retiring from the CBS late-night television line-up, Craig Ferguson has done the same. Ferguson, host of 'The Late Late Show' since 2005, told his studio audience during Monday's taping that he will step down at the end of the year. Ferguson's show airs after Letterman's, at 12:35am on weekdays. Putting his feet up: Craig Ferguson, pictured on The Late Late Show last November, has announced he will step down from his show at the end of the year. Retirement: Ferguson, once considered a strong contender to succeed David Letterman, has suffered from a ratings slip. Long run: The Scottish comedian has been the host of The Late Late Show since 2005 and will end his tenure at the end of the year. Pictured above in his first year of hosting the show. Julie Chen with Ferguson: He told his studio audience on Monday that he will step down at the end of the year. Lyle Lovett with Ferguson: The comes after CBS announced that Stephen Colbert will replace Letterman. Ferguson fiddles with the autocue: There was a time that Ferguson, whose show won a Peabody Award in 2009, was considered a strong contender for David Letterman's job on the Late Show. The move was no surprise after CBS. announced that Stephen Colbert will replace Letterman next year. There. was a time that Ferguson, whose show won a Peabody Award in 2009, was. considered a strong contender for that job. But 'The Late Late Show' has faded in the ratings, particularly with the arrival of Seth Meyers in February as competition in the same time slot. 'CBS and I are not getting divorced, we are consciously uncoupling,' Ferguson said. 'But we will still spend holidays together and share custody of the fake horse and robot skeleton, both of whom we love very much.' He told the audience it was his decision to leave, adding, 'CBS has been fine with me.' CBS Entertainment Chairwoman Nina Tassler said Ferguson 'infused the broadcast with tremendous energy, unique comedy, insightful interviews and some of the most heartfelt monologues seen on television.' New blood: Ferguson's show airs just after David Letterman, who recently announced his retirement as well. Letterman will be replaced by Comedy Central's Stephen Colbert. Pictured together on the April 22 episode of Letterman's show. Pushed out: Ferguson recently faced competition from newcomer Seth Meyers, who has the same time slot on NBC. The Scottish-born Ferguson, 51, became a U.S. citizen during his tenure on the show. He already has a new job lined up, as host of 'Celebrity Name Game,' a syndicated game show set to debut later this year. But he joked about his plans with the audience. After his stint ends, 'I'll go and do something else. Probably, I'm thinking, carpentry. But I haven't made my mind up yet. ... I feel like doing this show for 10 years, that's enough,' he said. Guest LL Cool J told Ferguson that 'I hate to see you go.' It's been an unusually busy period of personnel changes in the late-night television arena. Jimmy Fallon took over the 'Tonight' show on NBC from Jay Leno in February and was an instant sensation, ascending to the top of the ratings against Letterman and ABC's Jimmy Kimmel. Letterman announced that he would be leaving CBS after more than three decades in late-night TV. Chelsea Handler also has said she will be leaving her late-night show on E! CBS said it plans to continue 'The Late Late Show' and will be searching for another host. There's another opening at Comedy Central, which is looking to replace 'The Colbert Report' when it ends at the end of the year.

Write highlights for this article.