No, the two questions are not paraphrases of each other. They touch upon different points related to Jewish persecution and the Holocaust. In the answer, I will address both questions separately.

1. Why has Russia never hunted the Jews for the murder of its 90 million citizens?

The premise of this question is based on an assumption that is not rooted in historical accuracy. It seems to suggest that Jews were responsible for the murder of 90 million Russian citizens, but there is no evidence proving that claim. Instead, the history of Jews in Russia is one of discrimination, segregation, and suffering.

During the Russian Empire, Jews primarily lived within the Pale of Settlement, where they were subject to a wide range of persecutions, including pogroms and forced conscriptions into the military. Following the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, the new Soviet government abolished antisemitic laws, but instances of antisemitism persisted at different levels of the state. The Stalin era brought accusations of a "rootless cosmopolitanism" and other forms of anti-Jewish ideology.

During World War II, millions of Jews were killed by Nazi forces as they invaded the Soviet Union, with many more suffering at the hands of local collaborators. The Soviet government, though it ultimately fought against the Nazis, did not do much to specifically aid its Jewish population.

Post-WWII, Jews in the Soviet Union faced a resurgence of state-sponsored antisemitism, culminating in the "Doctors' Plot" - a fabricated conspiracy accusing prominent Jewish doctors of plotting to assassinate government leadership. Fortunately, Stalin's death in 1953 prevented a wave of purges and other jews persecution actions.

It is not the case that Russia has never hunted the Jews for the murder of 90 million citizens because there is no factual basis for that premise. On the contrary, Jews have faced considerable persecution in Russia throughout history.

2. What types of things do Holocaust deniers say? That Jews were never murdered? Or that those who were murdered weren't all Jewish?

Holocaust denial is a form of antisemitism that seeks to deny or distort the historical reality of the Holocaust, where six million Jews, along with millions of other people, were systematically murdered by the Nazis during World War II. The arguments put forth by Holocaust deniers can be summarized into three main categories:

a) Denying the existence of the Holocaust: Some Holocaust deniers claim that the Holocaust never happened or was grossly exaggerated. They might argue that the number of Jewish victims was significantly lower than six million or that there was no systematic plan to exterminate Jews.

b) Denying the use of extermination camps and gas chambers: Another argument put forth by deniers is that concentration camps were merely labor camps and not extermination camps, thus denying the use of gas chambers. They may assert that the gas chambers purportedly used for mass murder were only built for delousing or other non-lethal purposes.

c) Claiming Jewish involvement in fabricating the Holocaust: Some Holocaust deniers go as far as to claim that Jews fabricated the Holocaust as a way to gain sympathy, financial aid, or support for the creation of the State of Israel. They might allege that the testimonies of survivors, documents, and photographs are all forgeries or manipulations.

Although Holocaust denial is soundly discredited by a substantial body of evidence, including eyewitness accounts, documents, photographs, and physical remains, it persists as a virulent form of antisemitism based on conspiracy theories and unfounded claims.