PUBLISHED:. 11:16 EST, 8 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 12:48 EST, 8 January 2013. Two ‘thrill seeking’ men who were racing their high performance cars at 80mph to see who had the fastest vehicle have been jailed for four years after causing the death of a cyclist. Mohammed Khan, 25, was at the wheel of a blue Audi RS3 in Bradford, West Yorkshire, at 1.45am on September 16, 2011, when he struck cyclist Vitalijs Rozenbergs, hurling him into the air and killing him almost immediately. Shajah Rehman, 31, was driving a black Mercedes-Benz C63 AMG in the outside lane, almost alongside the Audi, as the pair raced to see whose car was the quickest, Bradford Crown Court was told. Jailed: Mohammed Khan has been jailed for four years after killing cyclist Vitalijs Rozenbergs. He was racing friend Shajah Rehman in a high performance Audi RS3 in Bradford when he struck Mr Rozenbergs. Flee: Shajah Rehman did not stop following the accident but handed himself into the police the next day. Mr Rozenbergs, 22, a Latvian national who lived in Bradford, was cycling across the road on his way to Leeds for a night shift. The court heard there were no lights on his cycle and he was wearing headphones but the bike had a reflector and the road was well lit. Khan and Rehman, both pleaded guilty to causing the death of Mr Rozenbergs by dangerous driving. Khan also admitted causing death while driving uninsured. Prosecutor Richard Clews told the court on Monday that the defendants were racing at about 80mph, twice the legal speed limit. Khan’s Audi struck Mr Rozenbergs, throwing him 15 metres along the road, and causing him fatal injuries. The Audi collided with the Mercedes, as it tried to avoid a crash, and the Mercedes hit the central reservation. Khan stopped at the scene and waited for the emergency services to arrive. Rehman kept going but handed himself into the police the next day. Mr Clews said CCTV images showed the powerful cars almost side by side at high speed at the time of the impact. Khan had driven 223 miles to Bradford from Cardiff shortly before the crash at speeds averaging 85mph. He mistakenly believed he was insured to drive the Audi on a motor traders’ policy. The two men were jailed for four years today at Bradford Crown Court. In mitigation Khan’s barrister, Yunus Valli, said his client was deeply affected by what he described as a 'mindless death'. He came from a respected family and was genuinely and sincerely remorseful. Andrew Dallas, for Rehman, said he too was very sorry and his mental health had suffered. It was 'a few moments of dangerous stupidity', said Mr Dallas. Rehman had been driving for ten years with a clean licence. Judge Peter Benson said: 'Racing is a seriously aggravating feature of this type of offence.' He banned Khan and Rehman from driving for four years. After the case, Sergeant Garry Alderson, of the Major Collision Enquiry Team at West Yorkshire Police, said: 'For a few moments of thrill seeking, these two men have found themselves with a lifetime of regret, alongside a significant custodial sentence. 'Racing on West Yorkshire’s roads is extremely dangerous and will not be tolerated. The consequences of which can end lives and ruin many more, as we have witnessed in this particular case.' 'We will notice the temperature dropping over the next few days and there is a chance of snow on the high ground in the north of the country on Thursday," said Helen Chivers, of the Met Office. 'From next week temperatures will be around 5C and there will be a chance of frost at night, when temperatures could fall to minus 5C in the countryside.'
Summarize the highlights of this article.