A woman who lost her pet rabbit was left sickened after the animal was apparently filmed being tortured to death by thieves in an online video. Rebecca Atkinson's white lionhead rabbit, Percy, is believed to have been stolen from its hutch in Seaham, County Durham this weekend. The whereabouts of the rabbit remained a mystery until Mrs Atkinson went online and saw a video which she says shows her pet being tortured to death. The video appears to show three young men in the bath with a rabbit thought to be family pet Percy. The video,. which was posted on Sunday morning just hours after the rabbit. disappeared, showed three young men naked in a bath with a white rabbit. matching that belonging to Mrs Atkinson. She claims the video then went on to show it being set alight and thrown out of a window. Mrs. Atkinson's husband, Anthony, said: 'We only thought that Percy was. stolen so we reported it to the police but we never even imagined that. someone could do something like this to her. 'When. she received a message showing her what happened to the Percy we were. gobsmacked. It's disgusting and sick, what ever goes through people's. minds? Ms Atkinson's daughter Jessica has told of her shock at the apparent theft and killing. 'To. torture an animal in that way and throw it out of the window is. inhumane, we can't stop thinking about how much she would have suffered. 'We are all heartbroken. Rebecca and the kids cried all night and haven't slept.' Mrs. Atkinson, 31, had only bought Percy three weeks ago with her male rabbit. companion, Ken, for her children Jessica Lennox, 14, Aaron Lennox, 10. and Brynn Atkinson, four. Percy. has left behind five 11-day-old babies who are now left without a. mother. Rebecca and her husband are currently hand feeding them. Mrs Atkinson's daughter Jessica. said: 'We are having to look after the babies ourselves now. I've named. them all, it's so upsetting that their mum has been taken away. 'Ken has become really restless now, he knows something is wrong. I just can't believe anyone could be so cruel. 'I want to keep some of the babies as a reminder but we aren't sure if we believe that they will be safe here.' The. family were told about the video by friends who had seen it after it. was posted on a social media site in the early hours of Sunday morning. They. could not bear to watch the horrific scenes themselves, but have been. shown a screen grab of their pet in the bath, and the nature of the. torture has been described to them. The image has shocked hundreds of social media users who went online to show their disgust. One. user, Rachel McNicholas, wrote: 'Vile vile vile. Even worse are the 59. people that's liked it. Hope its been reported to police.' Jackie Johnson also said: 'This is disgusting they need punishing, the poor animal, disgraceful behaviour.' Pet rabbit, Percy, was stolen from a hutch behind the family home in Seaham, County Durham. Jules Stringer added: 'Am heartbroken reading this it's absolutely sick, how can anyone do something like this to a poor animal?' Two men, aged 19 and 20 and a teen, aged 17, have been arrested and bailed over the incident and another 16-year-old remains in custody. A spokesman for Durham Constabulary said: 'Police are investigating the theft and subsequent death of a white lionhead rabbit. 'The rabbit is believed to have been stolen from its hutch sometime between Friday evening June 27 and Saturday morning June 28. 'Anyone who has any information regarding this incident is urged to contact Durham Constabulary.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Summarize the highlights of this article.