Frostie, the two-month-old snow goat whose battle for survival won him millions of fans around the world, died on Monday, only about a week after he was able to walk for the first time. Edgar's Mission, a not-for-profit sanctuary for rescued farm animals outside of Melbourne, announced the news on its Facebook page today. An autopsy revealed that Frostie's spinal column was riddled with abscesses, with one so large that it was pressing on his small rumen, preventing the stomach from functioning properly and leading to bloat. Scroll down for video. Frostie the snow goat licks the nose of one of his handlers at Edgar's Mission, the animal sanctuary that took him under its wing in May. Frostie died on Monday after battling a hind leg infection since birth. 'In the early hours of Monday morning, the little champ told me he was not well, as his rapidly expanding stomach screamed bloat,' according to a post on the group's website. 'As the little guy took his last gasps of breath, he looked into my tear filled eyes as I begged him to stay. I told him I loved him and would do so forever more. It was not until I knew his spirit had passed that I would scream, “Why?” at the top of my lungs and sob inconsolably into his warm, sweet smelling white fur.' Frostie snuggles up in his bed in a picture likely taken not long before he died. His autopsy revealed that his spinal column was covered with abscesses. Edgar's Mission, a sanctuary for rescued farm animals, nursed the near-disabled baby goat back to health until he took a turn for the worst in recent days. Frostie's many admirers quickly began expressing their dismay at his passing on the website. 'No...not Frostie!! Im a bit shocked..Frostie was doing so well.' wrote Bronwyn Russell. Fostie was covered in lice, severely dehydrated and was unable to use his back legs when he was first brought to Edgar's Mission in May. At birth, he contracted a hind leg infection through his umbilical cord. An Edgar's Mission employee holds Frostie the Snow Goat in her arms an undated photo. Frostie is shown here about a week ago without the wheelchair he has used since May. The sanctuary fitted Frostie with a custom wheelchair so he could run around and play with the other animals. Pictures of the goat with his rear wheels rapidly went viral around the internet. Before being inherited by Frostie, the wheelchair belonged to Leon Trotsky - a baby pig who was injured when his mother sat on him, crushing his hind legs. Just last week it seemed all the antibiotics, painkillers and  tender love and care Frostie was receiving were doing the trick. For the first time, he was let out of his wheelchair and began running freely around the farm. 'That Frostie was a sickly little kid goat was something that we knew from the very day he came into our world,' Edgar's Mission said in the Facebook post. 'Frostie’s lot was not good, but no one told him that. He wanted to live, and that was just what we promised him we would help him do.' Despite being just one of 350 animals cared for, Frostie got all the attention he appeared to have needed at the sanctuary - which also houses cows, alpacas, deer, sheep, chicken, geese, ducks, rabbits, guinea pigs, peacocks and horses, in addition to goats and pigs. 'The fact that Frostie looked a little different was no justification to me for denying him the chance at life he so richly deserved - we would do no less if he were a puppy or kitten,' Edgar's Mission said. A staff member at Edgar's Mission holds Frostie, the snow goat that won the hearts of millions around the world as he struggled to walk and live.
Summarize the highlights of this article.