She always liked to play shops when she was younger. Now schoolgirl Angel Thomas is playing the game for real - after opening her own boutique at the age of 11. The mini-entrepreneur has become Britain’s youngest shopkeeper with a business selling pet clothes and accessories. Angel Thomas is the country's youngest shopkeeper - running a pet clothing store in Liverpool. The 11-year-old balances her schoolwork with managing accounts, logging sales and promoting the site online. She runs a city centre store and balances school work with managing the accounts, processing sales and promoting her enterprise on the internet. She has just taught herself to sew and knit so she can create her own range of designer doggy fashions. ‘I’ve always wanted to be successful and run my own business,’ she said yesterday. ‘I love being my own boss and I really enjoy going to work.’ Angel has just taught herself how to sew so she can start making her own range of products. The schoolgirl recently gave her mother a prestigious 'employee of the month' award. The extraordinary enthusiasm Angel applies to her trade has produced steady sales since Pawabella opened its doors two months ago in Gostins Arcade, a collection of independent shops in a small mall in the heart of Liverpool. Every evening she rushes home from school to update her Twitter, Pinterest and Facebook accounts, checks the store’s website for orders that need to be processed and answers enquiries from customers. All her free time, holidays and weekends are spent running the shop, which she leases in the name of her mother Anita. The schoolgirl convinced her to save the money she spent on music lessons for her daughter - and to use it instead as capital for the business venture. This picture shows just some of the products the schoolgirl has on offer at her Liverpool shop. More of the fabulous doggy outfits on sale in the store. The girl doesn't plan on being in retail forever - and wants to study at University to become a vet. In return for starting the Pawabella bank account and helping behind the counter, Angel generously bestowed on her mother an ‘Employee of the Month’ award. Now the Catholic primary school pupil is looking to expand her empire to finance and fulfil her next ambition - going to university to study to become a vet. ‘It’s all I have ever wanted to do,’ she said. ‘Hopefully Pawabella will make enough money to pay for me to study. I don’t feel like I’m giving up my free time or weekends because I enjoy the work so much. My dream now is to build up stock and move into a bigger shop.’ She also plans to expand the empire by advertyising and setting up stalls at dog shows. Yesterday Anita, who has three other children, said: ‘The business is all her. She knows exactly what she wants, and how she wants things to look. I have absolutely no say in any of it - she’s very much in charge. She chooses her own stock, designs her own patterns and even designs and makes a lot of the products herself. Angel puts the final touches to the shop. She wants to build up stock and move shop in the near future. 'She works so hard and is so committed. Everyone is so proud of what she is doing. It’s great to see her really enjoying something she has created herself. She is so full of ideas. 'Her next challenge is making her own personalised dog treats and she wants to start a stall at dog shows. 'Angel has seen her older sister go to university and struggle with money, and she knows that she doesn’t want that for herself when she’s older. She wants to be able to afford to study for her dream. I’m just so proud of her.’
What are the important parts of this article?