Information:  - Cinderella, or The Little Glass Slipper, is a folk tale embodying a myth-element of unjust oppression/triumphant reward. Thousands of variants are known throughout the world. The title character is a young woman living in unfortunate circumstances, that are suddenly changed to remarkable fortune. The oldest documented version comes from China, and the oldest European version from Italy. The most popular version was first published by Charles Perrault in "Histoires ou contes du temps passé" in 1697, and later by the Brothers Grimm in their folk tale collection "Grimms' Fairy Tales".  - Frederick Bean "Tex" Avery (February 26, 1908  August 26, 1980) was an American animator, cartoonist, voice actor and director, known for producing animated cartoons during the golden age of American animation. His most significant work was for the Warner Bros. and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios, crucial in the evolution of Bugs Bunny, creating Daffy Duck, Droopy, and Screwy Squirrel, and developing Porky Pig and Chilly Willy (this last one for the Walter Lantz Studio) into the personas for which they are remembered.  - A computer is a device that can be instructed to carry out an arbitrary set of arithmetic or logical operations automatically. The ability of computers to follow a sequence of operations, called a "program", make computers very flexible and useful. Such computers are used as control systems for a very wide variety of industrial and consumer devices. This includes simple special purpose devices like microwave ovens and remote controls, factory devices such as industrial robots and computer assisted design, but also in general purpose devices like personal computers and mobile devices such as smartphones. The Internet is run on computers and it connects millions of other computers.  - The Brothers Grimm (' or '), Jacob (17851863) and Wilhelm Grimm (17861859), were German academics, philologists, cultural researchers, lexicographers and authors who together specialized in collecting and publishing folklore during the 19th century. They were among the best-known storytellers of folk tales, and popularized stories such as "Cinderella" (""), "The Frog Prince" (""), "The Goose-Girl" ("Die Gänsemagd"), "Hansel and Gretel" (""), "Rapunzel", "Rumpelstiltskin" (""),"Sleeping Beauty" (""), and "Snow White" (""). Their first collection of folk tales, "Children's and Household Tales" ("), was published in 1812.  - Red Hot Riding Hood is an animated cartoon short subject, directed by Tex Avery and released with the movie "Dr. Gillespie's Criminal Case" on May 8, 1943 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. In 1994 it was voted #7 of The 50 Greatest Cartoons of all time by members of the animation field, making it the highest ranked MGM cartoon on the list. It is one of Avery's most popular cartoons, inspiring several of his own "sequel" shorts as well as influencing other cartoons and feature films for years afterward.  - An animated cartoon is a film for the cinema, television or computer screen, which is made using sequential drawings, as opposed to animations in general, which include films made using clay, puppet and other means.  - Swing Shift Cinderella is an animated cartoon short subject . It is in the same vein as Red Hot Riding Hood . Frank Graham voiced the wolf , and Colleen Collins voiced Cinderella , with Imogene Lynn providing her singing voice .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'swing shift cinderella' exhibits the relationship of 'director'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - prince  - tex avery  - variety  - walter lantz
Answer: