Here is a news article: Fifty years ago, the Voting Rights Movement marched through Selma and over the Edmund Pettus Bridge. The marches across the bridge led to the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, and today the bridge is a symbol of nonviolent victory for change! 
  
 Unfortunately, the bridge is STILL named after a man who served as Grand Dragon of the Alabama Ku Klux Klan, was a Confederate General, and was later elected as a United States Senator. 
  
 The bridge was the site of “Bloody Sunday”. On March 7, 1965, hundreds of nonviolent protesters attempted to march from Selma to Montgomery for their right to vote. But as they crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they were met by Alabama state troopers and deputized civilians who were armed with billy clubs, tear gas, and cattle prods and attacked the marchers and drove them back to Brown Chapel Church. 
  
 How could a landmark that holds so much significance for the civil rights movement be named after a man who not only supported slavery, but held one of the highest positions within the Ku Klux Klan? 
  
 It's time for the state of Alabama, the city of Selma, and the National Park Service to remove a KKK leader's name from the historic bridge. 
  
 Selma and the Voting Rights Movement altered the course of history forever, and Selma has done too much for this country to remain unchanged. Selma is currently 80% African American, with a black mayor and majority African American local city officials. The name Edmund Pettus is far from what the city of Selma should honor. Let’s change the image of the bridge from hatred and rename it to memorialize hope and progress. 
  
 Please sign our petition calling on Selma and Alabama leaders and the National Park Service to rename the Edmund Pettus Bridge. ||||| A petition calling on political leaders to rename Selma's iconic Edmund Pettus Bridge has garnered more than 149,500 signatures, just shy of its organizers' goal of 150,000 names. 
  
 The bridge is one of the great physical icons of the U.S. civil rights movement, serving as a monument to the struggle for equality under law that came to a crescendo during the historic march on Selma in 1965. 
  
 Its place in the lore of American history holds firm 50 years after Bloody Sunday took place on the span, shocking people around the globe who watched the events unfold on live TV. 
  
 But many people are unaware that the bridge -- which was the centerpiece of a performance by Common and John Legend tied to the film "Selma" at this year's Oscars and will be visited by multiple U.S. presidents for a ceremony Saturday -- is also the center of a major controversy. 
  
 Edmund Pettus is known as the namesake of a bridge renowned throughout the world as a symbol of equality and racial justice. But it is named for an Alabama senator, confederate general and judge who also held a less honorable title: Grand Dragon of the state's Ku Klux Klan chapter. 
  
 That fact is behind the online petition, which calls on the U.S National Park Services, Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley and Selma Mayor George Patrick Evans to take the necessary steps "to remove a KKK leader's name from the historic bridge." 
  
 The petition, posted on Change.org by the activist group Students UNITE less than two weeks ago, states that "the marches across the bridge led to the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, and today the bridge is a symbol of nonviolent victory for change! Unfortunately, the bridge is STILL named after a man who served as Grand Dragon of the Alabama Ku Klux Klan, was a Confederate General, and was later elected as a United States Senator." |||||
A summary of this is?