Now you can see who visited the White House with Jay Z. (Spoiler: Beyonce.)
Jay Z has been to the White House four times, according to official records. In May 2009, he visited as part of a large group of people, including Robert Gibbs, Grant Hill, Richard Trumka and Emmitt Smith. The other three times, he brought his wife, a woman named Beyoncé with whom you may be familiar. In March 2010, they visited with their mothers. In August 2011, they visited as part of what Fox News would come to call the "Hip-Hop Barbecue" (which, Fox lamented, didn't create any jobs). And in December 2013, they visited the executive mansion with a new person in tow, someone logged in the White House files as "Blue I Carter."

We know all of this thanks to the White House's public disclosure of visitor records, and because of a significant upgrade to a tool we unveiled last week. You can explore it below. Clicking a time of someone's visit will now show you everyone else that visited with that person -- and you can click any of those names for a full list of their visits to the White House. As always, click the icon to flag a post as something you think we might want to take another look at.

We also dove a bit deeper into the data we had on-hand. It's not surprising that the Carter-Knowles' visited the White House in December; on average, that month sees the most visitors, who arrive to check out the building decked out for the holidays.

The most popular day of the week to visit has been Friday, followed by Saturday -- again reflecting when tours are popular. (Blue I. was there on a Wednesday.)

It's tough to suss out too many overall trends, though, because the data provided by the White House is spotty. Two entire months -- July 2013 and February 2014 -- appear to be missing. One month is missing data on the destination of visitors. There are duplicates and typos galore. We plotted out all of the data we had to show how visits to the White House (and to the two other main destinations of visitors, the Old and New Executive Office Buildings) have evolved since Obama took office.

The spike at the end of each year is noticeable, as is the fact that most visitors are there for tours. And so are anomalies in the data.

We can use a particular week as an example of how the data aren't very illuminating. If we look at the days surrounding the attacks on American facilities in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012, it looks like this, broken down into half-hour increments.

The red spike at the beginning of September 12 isn't anything nefarious; it appears to be visitors to the Vice President's residence that were incorrectly logged. Likewise the small red blip on midnight of Sept. 11. That appears to have been Biden's debate prep team coming at some point that day to get Joe Biden ready for his October 11 showdown with Rep. Paul Ryan. The big spike at noon on September 11th is a number of visitors, apparently families, who came to the mansion in between events on the president's schedule.

The attacks unfolded between 3 p.m. and 11 p.m. on the night of the 11th. There were a number of visitors to the White House that evening, visiting a variety of different staffers. None were there to meet with the president, according to White House data.

Again: Our hope is that you can help us sift through the data to see anything that emerges. Flag visitors that you think are interesting, and tell us why. And if your definition of "interesting" extends only to hip-hop royalty, just a heads up that we already looked them up, too.

Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.
What is a short summary of the above article?