Q:Information:  - Qantas Airways is the flag carrier airline of Australia and its largest airline by fleet size, international flights and international destinations. It is the third oldest airline in the world, after KLM and Avianca having been founded in November 1920; it began international passenger flights in May 1935. The Qantas name comes from ""QANTAS"", an acronym for its original name, ""Queensland and Northern Territory Aerial Services"", and it is nicknamed "The Flying Kangaroo". Qantas is a founding member of the Oneworld airline alliance.  - KLM Royal Dutch Airlines, legally "Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij N.V.", is the flag carrier airline of the Netherlands. KLM is headquartered in Amstelveen, with its hub at nearby Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. It is part of the Air FranceKLM group, and is a member of the SkyTeam airline alliance. KLM was founded in 1919; it is the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name and had 32,505 employees . KLM operates scheduled passenger and cargo services to approximately 130 destinations.   - Jetconnect is a wholly owned subsidiary airline of Qantas that is based in Auckland , New Zealand . It was established in July 2002 , commencing operations in October 2002 . It operates trans - Tasman services between New Zealand and Australia under the Qantas brand . It employs crew based in New Zealand and operates aircraft registered in New Zealand . It also operated domestic services within New Zealand until these services were taken over by Jetstar , another Qantas subsidiary , on 10 June 2009 . Its main base is Auckland Airport . Jetconnect also employs long haul cabin crew who operate on Qantas mainline long haul services from Australia . These crew are based in Auckland . From the first half of 2014 , they began operating on selected short haul 737 - 800 trans - Tasman services under a partial base integration initiative .  - Air New Zealand Limited is the national airline of New Zealand. Based in Auckland, the airline operates scheduled passenger flights to 21 domestic and 31 international destinations in 19 countries around the Pacific rim and the United Kingdom. The airline has been a member of the Star Alliance since 1999.  - Auckland Airport is the largest and busiest airport in New Zealand, with 16,487,648 (9,005,612 international and 7,482,036 domestic) passengers in the year ended December 2015. The airport is located near Mangere, a residential suburb and Airport Oaks, a service hub suburb south of Auckland city centre. It is both a domestic and international hub for Air New Zealand, and as the New Zealand hubs of Virgin Australia and Jetstar Airways.  - Oneworld (marketed as oneworld; CRS: *O) is an airline alliance founded on 1 February 1999. The alliance's stated objective is to be the first-choice airline alliance for the world's frequent international travelers. Its central alliance office is currently based in New York City in the United States. Its member airlines include Air Berlin, American Airlines, British Airways, Cathay Pacific, Qantas, Iberia, Finnair, Japan Airlines, LATAM Airlines, Malaysia Airlines, Qatar Airways, Royal Jordanian, S7 Airlines and SriLankan Airlines, plus some 21 affiliated airlines. As of August 2016, Oneworld is the third largest global alliance in terms of passengers with more than 557.4 million passengers carried, behind Star Alliance (641.1 M) and SkyTeam (665.4 M). Its slogan is "An alliance of the world's leading airlines working as one."    What object entity has the relation of 'airline alliance' with the subject 'jetconnect'?   Choices: - air france  - oneworld  - star alliance
A: