Answer the following question: Information:  - William John Swainson FLS, FRS (8 October 1789  6 December 1855), was an English ornithologist, malacologist, conchologist, entomologist and artist.  - Nicholas Aylward Vigors (1785  26 October 1840) was an Irish zoologist and politician. He popularized the classification of birds on the basis of the quinarian system.  - William Sharp Macleay or McLeay (21 July 1792  26 January 1865) was a British civil servant and entomologist.  - Johann Jakob Kaup ( April 10 , 1803 - July 4 , 1873 ) was a German naturalist . A proponent of natural philosophy , he believed in an innate mathematical order in nature and he attempted biological classifications based on the Quinarian system .  - Philosophy (from Greek , "philosophia", literally "love of wisdom") is the study of general and fundamental problems concerning matters such as existence, knowledge, values, reason, mind, and language. The term was probably coined by Pythagoras (c. 570  c. 495 BC). Philosophical methods include questioning, critical discussion, rational argument and systematic presentation. Classic philosophical questions include: Is it possible to know anything and to prove it? What is most real? However, philosophers might also pose more practical and concrete questions such as: Is there a best way to live? Is it better to be just or unjust (if one can get away with it)? Do humans have free will?  - Johann Jakob Kaup (10 April 1803  4 July 1873) was a German naturalist. A proponent of natural philosophy, he believed in an innate mathematical order in nature and he attempted biological classifications based on the Quinarian system. Biography. He was born at Darmstadt. After studying at Göttingen and Heidelberg he spent two years at Leiden, where his attention was specially devoted to the amphibians and fishes. He then returned to Darmstadt as an assistant in the grand ducal museum, of which in 1840 he became inspector. In 1829 he published "Skizze zur Entwickelungsgeschichte der europäischen Thierwelt", in which he regarded the animal world as developed from lower to higher forms, from the amphibians through the birds to the beasts of prey; but subsequently he repudiated this work as a youthful indiscretion, and on the publication of Darwin's "Origin of Species" he declared himself against its doctrines. The extensive fossil deposits in the neighbourhood of Darmstadt gave him ample opportunities for palaeontological inquiries, and he gained considerable reputation by his "Beiträge zur näheren Kenntniss der urweltlichen Säugethiere" (18551862). He also wrote "Classification der Säugethiere und Vögel" (1844), and, with Heinrich Georg Bronn, "Die Gavial-artigen Reste aus dem Lias" (18421844).  - The Quinarian system was a method of zoological classification which had a brief period of popularity in the mid 19th century, especially among British naturalists. It was largely developed by the entomologist William Sharp MacLeay in 1819. The system was further promoted in the works of Nicholas Aylward Vigors, William John Swainson and Johann Jakob Kaup. Swainson's work on ornithology gave wide publicity to the idea. The system had opponents even before the publication of Charles Darwin's "On the Origin of Species" (1859 ) which paved the way for evolutionary trees.  - Natural philosophy or philosophy of nature (from Latin "philosophia naturalis") was the philosophical study of nature and the physical universe that was dominant before the development of modern science. It is considered to be the precursor of natural science.    What entity does 'johann jakob kaup' has the relation 'date of death' with?
Answer: