Write some highlights for the following article:

A mother-of two shed an incredible four stone in just six months to look ship-shape for when her Navy commander husband came home. Determined Michelle Dalgleish, 31, from Plymouth, set herself a challenge of losing a few pounds while her other half was serving on the HMS Argyll. But when Lieutenant Commander Grant Dalgleish, 35, stepped ashore he barely recognised his wife because of her staggering weight loss. Scroll down for video. Michelle Dalgleish from Plymouth before the weight loss at 13st 13lbs (l) and after, at 9st 11lbs (r) She welcomed home her service husband Grant after losing more than 4st in weight. During Grant's six-month deployment in the Caribbean and North Atlantic, the full-time mother slimmed from a size 16 to a size 10 without telling him what she was doing. Shocked Grant stepped off the ship at Plymouth Docks on Thursday and saw his drastically slimmer wife for the first time. Michelle said: 'I was really nervous while I was waiting for him, but obviously really excited too. 'He had no idea what I had been up to, and he's always said he loved me no matter what my size was. 'I had a skirt on so he could see my legs, but when I took my coat off he was absolutely gobsmacked. 'He couldn't believe it. He kept looking at me and saying "I can't believe it, I can't believe it".' Michelle says she decided to do it because with two children she wanted to be healthy and have more energy. Proud Grant added: 'Our Facetime sessions were only with the kids so I never actually saw her while I was deployed. 'It explains a lot. I was absolutely shocked when I first saw her as I walked off the ship. 'I love my wife whatever size but to see her 4st lighter is quite remarkable. It's a remarkable achievement. I seriously had no idea.' Michelle put on weight while she was pregnant with Poppy, now 13 months, a sister to Harrison, four. She decided to slim down again just before Grant was deployed in June, and three days later joined Slimming World with a goal to lose two stone by Christmas. But after ditching the rounds of toast and fatty foods her weight dropped away, and she revised her goal to three stone - and then four stone. Over the six months she slimmed down from 13st 13lbs down to 9st 11lbs. 'I decided to do it because with two children I wanted to be healthy and have more energy,' Michelle said. 'When I was pregnant with Poppy my BMI wasn't great so my main aim was to get to a healthy BMI. 'After pregnancy you have to give yourself some time before you start trying to lose weight - your body needs to be ready for it after a baby. 'With Harrison I did it too early, but I knew I was practically going to be a single mum for six months while Grant was away so I needed to be fit. 'But I had a big motivation in not telling him and for it to be a surprise. Before I didn't want to buy clothes and didn't want to have pictures taken. 'The feeling of putting on clothes and actually thinking you look okay is great. I'm so happy.' Breakfast - A bowl of Coco Pops followed by toast and jam. Lunch - Soup with four rounds of toast. Dinner - Chicken nuggets and chips. Snacks - Biscuits and a cup of tea. Breakfast - Fruit and yoghurt. Lunch - Egg on toast or spaghetti on toast. Dinner - Homemade spaghetti bolognese, steak and chips or a roast dinner. Snacks - Apple and banana. Michelle Dalgleish and her son Harrison reunited with her husband Lieutenant Commander Grant. Grant says Facetime sessions were only with the kids so he never actually saw Michelle while deployed. 'I love my wife whatever size,' says Grant, 'but to see her 4st lighter is quite remarkable'