Information:  - A philosopher is someone who practices philosophy, which involves rational inquiry into areas that are outside of either theology or science. The term "philosopher" comes from the Ancient Greek ("philosophos") meaning "lover of wisdom". The coining of the term has been attributed to the Greek thinker Pythagoras (6th century BC).  - Viseu is a city and municipality in the Centro Region of Portugal and the capital of the district of the same name, with a population of 99,274 inhabitants, and center of the Viseu Dão Lafões intermunipical community, with 267,633 inhabitants.  - Politika is a Serbian daily newspaper, published in Belgrade. Founded in 1904 by Vladislav F. Ribnikar, it is the oldest daily newspaper still in circulation in the Balkans and is considered to be Serbia's newspaper of record.  - Pythagoras of Samos ( or simply ;  in Ionian Greek) was an Ionian Greek philosopher, mathematician, and the putative founder of the movement called Pythagoreanism. Most of the information about Pythagoras was written down centuries after he lived, so very little reliable information is known about him. He was born on the island of Samos, and travelled, visiting Egypt and Greece, and maybe India. Around 530 BC, he moved to Croton, in Magna Graecia, and there established some kind of school or guild. In 520 BC, he returned to Samos.  - Manuel Maria Ferreira Carrilho ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mnu mi kiu ) ; b. Viseu , 9 July 1951 ) is a Portuguese philosopher , academic and politician .  - A private military company (PMC) is a private company providing armed combat and/or security services. PMCs refer to their staff as "security contractors" or "private military contractors". Private military companies refer to their business generally as the "private military industry" or "The Circuit". The United Nations, in a convention so far ratified by 35 states, considers PMCs to be mercenaries and prohibits them; the United Kingdom, Russia, China, and the United States are not signatories to the convention, and the United States has rejected the UN's classification of PMCs as mercenaries.  - Academi is an American private military company founded in 1997 by former Navy SEAL officer Erik Prince as Blackwater., renamed as XE Services in 2009 and now known as Academi since 2011 after the company was acquired by a group of private investors. The company received widespread notoriety in 2007, when a group of its employees killed 17 Iraqi civilians and injured 20 in Nisour Square, Baghdad for which four guards were convicted in a U.S. court.  - A politician (from "politics" + "-ian", from the Greek title of Aristotle's book  "Politika", meaning "Civic Affairs") is a person active in party politics, or a person holding or seeking office in government. In democratic countries, politicians seek elective positions within a government through elections or, at times, temporary appointment to replace politicians who have died, resigned or have been otherwise removed from office. In non-democratic countries, they employ other means of reaching power through appointment, bribery, revolutions and intrigues. Some politicians are experienced in the art or science of government. Politicians propose, support and create laws or policies that govern the land and, by extension, its people. Broadly speaking, a "politician" can be anyone who seeks to achieve political power in any bureaucratic institution.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'manuel maria carrilho' with the relationship of 'employer'.  Choices: - capital  - politika  - school  - united nations
Answer: