By. Hannah Roberts. PUBLISHED:. 19:58 EST, 30 April 2013. |. UPDATED:. 06:20 EST, 1 May 2013. Refusal: Stephanie Kercher, pictured in 2011, has said her family are not interested in what Amanda Knox has to say in her book. It is one of the most keenly anticipated books of the decade. But Amanda Knox’s million-dollar memoir isn’t to everyone’s taste - the Kercher family have made it clear that they at least will not be reading it. ‘We're not interested in this book, just like we weren't interested in the others about the case, and we won't read it,' Meredith’s sister Stephanie Kercher said, after its US release yesterday. She added: ‘Meredith is the victim in this tragic case.’ Knox served four years in an Italian jail for the 2007 murder of her British flatmate Meredith Kercher in Perugia. She and former boyfriend Rafaelle Sollecito were freed on appeal in 2011, but last month Italy’s highest court dramatically ruled the pair must face retrial. Her memoir Waiting to be Heard, for which Knox was reportedly paid a 2 million pound advance, was published today in the US although plans to sell it in the UK were shelved after its publisher Harper Collins took legal advice. While a new trial is expected to take place by the summer in Florence, US authorities could invoke the principle of double-jeopardy, arguing that a person cannot be convicted of the same offence twice, and so refuse to extradite Knox back to Italy. Stephanie Kercher, the sister of the victim, released a statement in Italian through the family's lawyers Francesco Maresca and Serena Perna in Italy late on Tuesday after excerpts of Miss Knox's first US TV interview were released to publicise the release of her book, Waiting to Be Heard. She also emphasised that Miss Knox could be found guilty in the new trial. She said: ‘The Italian legal system still has an appeal procedure under way and so the case is returning to a new court hearing. The sentence can still be overturned. ‘I have no doubts that on the other side there is a story of pain and loss and enormous mistrust but in the end it is also one of hope and the opportunity to live life. Her story: In pre-interviews ahead of the release of 'Waiting to be Heard', Amanda Knox has said she wants the Kercher family top read her memoirs. Killed: Knox spent four years in jail for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher, 21, in Perugia, Italy, November 2007. ‘Something Meredith will never have and something we can never share with her. Meredith is the victim in this tragic case.’ Knox had earlier expressed the desire that Meredith’s parents would read the book, something she hoped would give her some ‘closure’. ‘The ideal situation in my mind is that they could show me Meredith's grave,' she told USA Today. ‘I wasn't allowed to grieve, either, and that would mean a lot to me’. ‘I really want to go see her grave," repeated Miss Knox, who spent four years in prison before being acquitted. 'And right now I don't feel I have the right to without her family's permission.’ Knox likened her ordeal to being forced to crawl through a 'field of barbed wire' to reach the 'same side' as the Kerchers. In another interview, she told ABC News that she wrote the book to respond in full to accusations that meant ‘for all intents and purposes I was a murderer’. ‘I want the truth to come out. I'd like to be reconsidered as a person,' she said. 'I was in the courtroom when they were calling me a devil. ‘It's one thing to be called certain things in the media, but it's another to be sitting in a courtroom, fighting for your life, while people are calling you a devil.’
What are the important parts of this article?