Write a title for this article:

This week, Twitter took time to celebrate the life of yet another late legend, boxer Muhammad Ali. In other corners of the Twittersphere, J.K. Rowling continued defending her Harry Potter play, celebrity couple John Legend and Chrissy Teigen took a bite out of Pierce Morgan and Hillary Clinton too took a shot at one of the most notorious trolls of all.

While there were no surprises when Republican nominee Donald Trump called out President Obama for supporting fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton, it was Clinton’s response that nearly caused a Twitter singularity from its reactions. In three short words, Clinton’s reply of “Delete your account” has amassed over 400,000 retweets and nearly 500,000 likes.

Following boxing legend Muhammad Ali’s death, many celebrated Ali’s contributions to the sport and his activism on Twitter, inspired by his Muslim faith. Civil rights leader and congressman John Lewis tweeted an old photo of Ali encouraging everyone to get the vote out, with the fitting tagline “It’s your fight.”

The only truth here is that a relationship came to an end & what remains is a huge amount of love and respect

— Calvin Harris (@CalvinHarris) June 2, 2016

After a breakup between musicians Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris which went unavoidably public, Harris took to Twitter to explain that it had ended in a respectful and thankfully non-hostile way. To presumably show she agreed, Swift retweeted.

In the fallout of the trial for Brock Turner, who received only six months in jail for sexual assault, Journalist Lauren Duca posted a screenshot of the letter Turner’s father had written as an example of deep-seated rape culture. Namely, the letter glossed over the rape as “20 minutes of action” and lamented that Turner no longer enjoys steaks.

User Leonardo Semma, who’d just graduated from high school threw back to what he called his greatest high school achievement: getting suspended for calling out his school’s superintendent on Twitter. Tweeting the superintendent to “get his ass out here” to clear some snow from the parking lots, he not only received a suspension, but the superintendent blocked him on Twitter.

Harry Potter author and Twitter celebrity in her own right, J.K. Rowling, has been steadily promoting the Potter expanded universe play, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. This has included defending the casting of black actress Noma Dumezweni as Hermione Granger, and she’s shut down several complaints that a white actress should have been cast instead.

TV personality and noted troll Piers Morgan received some insults of his own after requesting people not sugercoat his life, musician John Legend pleasantly suggested Morgan test that out for himself (although Legend just said to retire from his job, not die). His wife, model Chrissy Teigen, added an extra layer of shade and said that being a troll isn’t really an actual job you can retire from.

For National Gun Violence Awareness Day, comedian Amy Schumer celebrated the #WearOrange campaign by wearing just an orange sports bra. Schumer’s been a major supporter of gun control measures ever since a gunman opened fire in a theater showing her film, Trainwreck.

The Internet is not a safe place for people who aren't caught up on Game of Thrones.

— Brie Larson (@brielarson) June 8, 2016

Academy Award winning actress Brie Larson clearly had a run in with some Game of Thrones spoilers, decrying how difficult it was to avoid spoilers for the show. In terms of spoilers, Twitter seems to have become as dangerous as the world of the show itself.

Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.

Title: