Article: Playing a sport in college is a big commitment. At top ranked schools, you will be playing and practicing nearly every day of the week. While in season, you will be traveling and missing classes for games.  The majority of soccer teams are regulated under the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), which has three divisions. Only Division I and Division II schools are eligible to offer athletic scholarships; you can narrow your search to these schools.  Players on Division III teams can earn academic and merit scholarships, but these will not constitute soccer scholarships. This takes self-reflection and being honest with yourself about your abilities. Playing for a top ranked college is not going to be feasible if your soccer skills are not at an exceptionally high level. Playing soccer at a college level is a huge commitment and if you are not 100% committed to playing, you will not succeed.  Setting goals that are appropriate to your skill level can save you from heartache and disappointment down the line. Within Division I and Division II schools, colleges vary on their competitiveness. Look at the current college soccer rankings to identify schools that are more competitive than others. Even though you want to play soccer for this college, you are also there to get an education. The colleges that you apply to should fit your academic goals and be a good fit for you outside of soccer. Again, these goals should be realistic and reflective of your academic abilities. Colleges set academic requirements for their athletes and if you fall below this grade point average you can be suspended from the team. If you are an exceptional student, you will have more opportunities available. Talk with your high school and club coach about your skill level, your potential to win a scholarship, and where you can improve. Be candid and open with your coaches about your goals to win a scholarship and ask for their help.  Your coaches will most likely have established relationships with some colleges and recruiters. The number of contacts that your coach will have can vary widely, but they can get your foot in the door. Ask them what skills and areas you can improve on. Even the best soccer player can fine tune their skills and improve their consistency. Your coaches can help you identify the areas you are weak in so you can improve before playing in front of recruiters. Talk to other players that you know who have gone through this process and players that are now collegiate athletes. Ask them about their experiences and for advice on the process. Consider asking them questions like:  What has your experience playing soccer in college been like? What were the most challenging parts of the recruiting process? What do you wish you had known about the process before you had started it? Men and women’s teams are ranked based off of their win-loss record and performance in tournaments. If you want to focus your search to the most competitive schools, you should aim to be recruited by schools that are in the top 25 of the nation.  Men’s and women’s teams are ranked separately. You may find that some schools have stronger men’s programs than women’s or vice versa. Based on your goals, your coaches’ input, and your skill level, you can begin to identify schools that you are most interested in. This list of schools should include the name of the soccer coach and their contact information. Most schools will have a website devoted to their athletic program where you can find this information. Your list of schools should be large in the beginning of your process and become narrowed down over time.

What is a summary?