Summarize the following:
Nike needs information about your business before they award you authorized retailer status.  In order to provide this information, you must take a brief survey.  The questions about the nature of your business include:  Is your business home-based? Is your business online? Do you have a physical store that you sell products from? When you’ve completed the survey, click “Save Application” at the bottom of the section. From the main “Application Progress” screen, click the number 2.  This will take you to the general account information section.  General account information is information pertaining to your business.  Enter the full name of the business along with relevant contact information in this section of the application. Additionally, enter billing information.  This is especially important in cases where your business is billed to an address that is different than the address of your business’ location. When you’re done, click the “Save Application” button at the bottom of the page. From the main “Application Progress” screen, click the number 3.  The business profile is the portion of the application where you enter information pertaining to what type of business you have.  Is it a sporting goods store?  A department store?  A general footwear store?  Choose the correct business type from the drop-down menu to select it.  The text boxes below the business type drop-down menu offer you the chance to provide more details about your business.  If you wish, enter the name of your business agent and type a brief description of the business. More specifically, you’ll have to designate what the organizational scheme of your business is.  Is it an LLC, a sole proprietorship, a partnership, or some other sort of business?  Select the appropriate business type from the drop-down menu to select it. Provide the date the business started and its tax ID. When you’re done, click “Save Application” to return to the main screen. From the main “Application Progress” screen, click the number 4.  In this section, you must -- at the bare minimum -- provide the first and last name of the store or company’s owner, as well as their title within the company.  If you wish, add optional details about the owner’s background, including his or her driver’s license number, phone number, Social Security number, and address. The owners of any business that is not a sole proprietorship will need to indicate what percentage of the business each owner possesses. Fill this section out carefully.  If the application is approved, the owners will be required to sign the contract. If your business has multiple owners, you can add owners by filling in the “Add New Owner” section again after filling the section out for the first owner and clicking the “Add New Owner” button. When you’ve completed the section, click “Add Owner,” then click “Return to Application.” This section requires you to indicate where you want to sell Nike products.  From the main “Application Progress” screen, click the number 5.  Fill in the text boxes with the appropriate information about the store where you want to sell Nike goods.  Mandatory fields include the store’s name, address, city, state, zip code, country, and phone number.  If you want to provide additional details, you could provide a store number, a billing address, and a fax number. If you wish to sell Nike goods at multiple locations that are all owned by a single company, you can click the “Add New Store” button at the bottom of the section. Once you’ve filled in all the information, click “Add New Store,” then click “Return to Application” at the bottom of the page.

Summary: