Article:Reuben Reid grabbed the only goal of the game before the break with a fine strike following neat build-up play from Liam McAlinden.
The Grecians had the best chance of the opening 30 minutes through Jake Taylor when found himself one-one-one with goalkeeper Paul Farman but he could only fire over the crossbar.
Lincoln responded with a neat passing move that led to Jordan Maguire-Drew being played in on goal, but Christy Pym was quick off his line to smother the ball to avert the danger.
Lloyd James was off target with a strike from distance before striker Reid gave Exeter the lead just before the break.
The striker laid the ball off to McAlinden, whose penetrating run caused panic in the Imps defence before he fed the ball back to Reid to drill a powerful shot into the roof of the net from 15 yards.
Pierce Sweeney almost made it 2-0 with a spectacular effort while at the other end, substitute Harry Anderson saw an effort deflect just wide as Exeter held on for the win to move up to second in the table.
Match report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Exeter City 1, Lincoln City 0.
Second Half ends, Exeter City 1, Lincoln City 0.
Foul by Lee Holmes (Exeter City).
Sean Long (Lincoln City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Jordan Tillson (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Matt Green (Lincoln City).
Matt Jay (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Luke Waterfall (Lincoln City).
Lloyd James (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Michael Bostwick (Lincoln City).
Substitution, Exeter City. Matt Jay replaces Reuben Reid.
Jordan Tillson (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Ollie Palmer (Lincoln City).
Neal Eardley (Lincoln City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Jake Taylor (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Neal Eardley (Lincoln City).
Attempt missed. Reuben Reid (Exeter City) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high.
Substitution, Exeter City. Jack Sparkes replaces Liam McAlinden because of an injury.
Matt Green (Lincoln City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Luke Croll (Exeter City).
Corner,  Lincoln City. Conceded by Christy Pym.
Attempt saved. Harry Anderson (Lincoln City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
Attempt saved. Liam McAlinden (Exeter City) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top left corner.
Pierce Sweeney (Exeter City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Alex Woodyard (Lincoln City).
Corner,  Lincoln City. Conceded by Troy Brown.
Attempt blocked. Michael Bostwick (Lincoln City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Lloyd James (Exeter City) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Lloyd James (Exeter City).
Michael Bostwick (Lincoln City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Ollie Palmer (Lincoln City) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
Jake Taylor (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Billy Knott (Lincoln City).
Attempt missed. Luke Waterfall (Lincoln City) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left following a corner.
Corner,  Lincoln City. Conceded by Pierce Sweeney.
Substitution, Lincoln City. Harry Anderson replaces Nathan Arnold.
Substitution, Lincoln City. Billy Knott replaces Jordan Maguire-Drew.
Attempt missed. Liam McAlinden (Exeter City) left footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left.
(Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Matt Green (Lincoln City).

Summarize the main points of that article.