This undated photo made available by the Walker County, Ala., Sheriff's Office, shows Brady Andrew Kilpatrick. A manhunt is underway for Kilpatrick, who escaped with 11 other inmates from the Walter County... (Associated Press) 
  
 This undated photo made available by the Walker County, Ala., Sheriff's Office, shows Brady Andrew Kilpatrick. A manhunt is underway for Kilpatrick, who escaped with 11 other inmates from the Walter County... (Associated Press) 
  
 STUART, Fla. (AP) — Authorities in Florida have captured the last of 12 prisoners who fled an Alabama county jail in a scheme involving peanut butter. 
  
 The Martin County Sheriff's Office announced on social media that local deputies and the FBI Violent Crimes Task Force captured 24-year-old Bradley Andrew Kilpatrick Tuesday night about 20 miles (32 kilometers) north of West Palm Beach, Florida. 
  
 Kilpatrick was being held in the Walker County jail on marijuana and drug paraphernalia charges when he and 11 other prisoners fled Sunday night. 
  
 Walker County Sheriff James Underwood says prisoners used peanut butter to change the numbers above a door and trick a new employee into opening another door that led outside. They then used their jail uniforms and blankets to climb over a razor wire topped fence. 
  
 The other inmates were captured within 12-hours of the escape. ||||| The last remaining inmate of the 12 who escaped from Walker County Jail on Sunday has been captured at a home near West Palm Beach in Florida. 
  
 The Walker County Sheriff's Office said Brady Andrew Kilpatrick, 24, was captured as of 6:28 p.m. on Tuesday. The Cordova man was in jail for possession of a controlled substance, possession of drug paraphernalia and second-degree possession of marijuana. 
  
 The Martin County Sheriff's Office in Florida said on social media that a team of local deputies and agents with the FBI Violent Crimes Task Force flooded the neighborhood where Kilpatrick was trying to hide, which was located about 20 miles North of West Palm Beach. Kilpatrick told authorities who he was during his arrest, according to a video posted by the Martin County Sheriff's Office. 
  
 Kilpatrick was one of the 12 inmates who used peanut butter to cover a door number and tricked a young jailer at 6:30 p.m. Sunday night, Sheriff James Underwood said. 
  
 "Changing numbers on doors with peanut butter -- It may sound crazy, but these kinds of people are crazy like a fox." Underwood said during a news conference on Monday. "He thought he was opening the cell door for this man to go in his cell, but in fact he opened up the outside door." 
  
 The inmates then climbed up a 12-foot fence. Some of them were cut by the razor wire, but none of them were seriously injured. All of them met at an undisclosed location after the escape. 
  
 By Monday afternoon, 11 of the inmates were taken into custody thanks to the help of other inmates and multiple law enforcement agencies. The following six inmates were captured within 90 minutes of their escape when law enforcement went to the location where the inmates agreed to meet: John Richard Hunter, 26, Christopher Cole Spain, 18, Kristopher Keith Secrest, 20, Quadrekas Latoddrick Key, 21, Timothy Chaz Cooper, 28, and Steven Sanford Hartley, 27. 
  
 Five of them were captured over the next eight hours: Michael Adam MicGuff, 30, Steven Blake Lamb, 28, Christopher Michael Smith, 19, Larry Inman, 29, and Ethan Howard Pearl. 
  
 One of the inmates was recaptured in Townley, where the sheriff said a car was stolen. Two others were captured by deputies and Birmingham police at the Flying J off of Interstate 65. |||||

Write a summary.