Article:
February 7, 2018 is a day that will live forever in the hearts of celebrity news connoisseurs, for that was the day that Quincy Jones gave an interview to Vulture in which he claimed, among other things, that: A) Ringo Starr can’t drum for shit; B) The Chicago mob killed John F. Kennedy; and C) Richard Pryor and Marlon Brando made sweet, druggy love to each other back in the ‘70s. It was a great moment in internet culture, bringing together people of all walks of life to gossip about affairs that happened 40 years ago—which are the best kinds of affairs to gossip about, because everyone involved has already moved on (or is no longer with us, in the case of Brando and Pryor). 
  
 Now, though, Jones has apologized for the “silly things” he said in his interviews with Vulture and GQ, saying that his six daughters had sat him down and basically told him he was too old and too distinguished of a public figure to be running his mouth like that. “Even at 85, it’s apparent that ‘word vomit’ and bad-mouthing is inexcusable,” he says, referring to all the shit he talked not only about The Beatles, but U2 (who he says used to be a good band) and Michael Jackson (who he called “Machiavellian”) as well. 
  
 Jones doesn’t go so far as to walk back anything he said in those interviews, mind you, just says that he should have known better than to put all that on the record. As far as Brando and Pryor go, soon after the Vulture interview was published, Pryor’s widow Jennifer Lee Pryor told TMZ that hell yeah, they hooked up, and that Pryor would have found the whole thing hilarious. Pryor’s daughter Rain and Brando’s son Miko then came forward to dispute Jennifer Lee Pryor’s claim, a family disagreement that may have helped prompt Jones’ apology. 
  
 [via Vulture] ||||| The 84-year-old record producer says he had a long talk with his daughters about what he said, and he is sorry. 
  
 Quincy Jones on Thursday morning issued an apology for remarks he made in bombshell interviews with Vulture and GQ in late January. 
  
 In his apology, the music legend said his daughters took him aside and talked to him about the effects of the comments. 
  
 The 84-year-old record producer said he stopped drinking a few years back and his memory of past events is not as sharp as it should be, which is one of the side effects, so his stories do not paint the whole picture. 
  
 "I am sorry to anyone whom my words offended, and I am especially sorry to my friends who are still here with me and those who aren't," Jones said in the statement. 
  
 One of the biggest tales Jones shared in one interview was that the late Richard Pryor allegedly had a sexual relationship with the late Marlon Brando. Pryor's ex-wife said it was true, but Brando's son denied the claim. 
  
 Jones was also pretty hard on The Beatles in one interview, calling them "no-playing motherfuckers." 
  
 "Paul was the worst bass player I ever heard. And Ringo? Don't even talk about it," he said. "I remember once we were in the studio with George Martin, and Ringo had taken three hours for a four-bar thing he was trying to fix on a song. He couldn't get it." 
  
 In the lengthy apology, Jones made it clear he already reached out to "many" of his friends who were mentioned in the interviews so he could tell them sorry, personally. 
  
 "These friends are like blood family to me," he said in the Thursday statement. ||||| Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more |||||Summary: