Summarize the following:
Only a trained, qualified medical professional should attempt to transport a bedridden person. Do not attempt to do this at home or in a medical setting if you are not trained and qualified to do so. Before you start moving the person, you need to make sure they are aware of what you're doing. Tell them exactly what you're going to do and why (they need to be transported) before you start the process of transporting them. In addition, talk to them as you perform each step so they know what to expect. If the person is able to sit in wheelchairs for short periods, you may be able to transport them yourself. To begin, make sure the wheelchair is next to the bed with the seat facing you. The side of the wheelchair should be close to the bed. The wheelchair needs to be stable and ready for the person to sit. Set the brakes so that the wheelchair doesn't move around. Pull the footrests up towards the wheels so that the person has a clear path to the seat. When trying to move someone, you also need to protect yourself, particularly your back and legs. Make sure you keep your legs shoulder-width apart with your knees bent. Also, don't bend at the waist. Rather, keep your spine in a natural position. Keep in mind that it can take some strength to move someone. Have someone assist you if you're not sure you can do it by yourself. If the person can't sit up themselves, you'll need to help lift them to sitting. Place an arm behind their back. Place your other arm under their knees, looping it in so you can pull them towards you. Turn the person's lower body towards the edge of the bed while simultaneously lifting from the top. You should end up with the person sitting up with their feet on the floor. Let the person sit for a moment, as the process can make them dizzy. Place your legs around the patient's outside leg (the one not near the wheelchair). Keeping your back straight, bend at the knees. Grasp the patient by placing your arms under theirs, going around the chest. Grasp your own hands in the back. Lift the patient up. if needed. If the person cannot support their weight at all, you should use a Hoyer lift to transport them. Start by placing the sling under the person by rolling them to one side and positioning it under them. Adjust the leg loops around the thighs, crossing them underneath for security.  Move the lift into place. The legs position under the bed, while the top of the lift (the cradle) moves over the bed to attach to the sling. Push the lift in as far as it will go. Do not lock the brakes. Attach both sides of the sling to the appropriate sides of the cradle. Once the sling is attached, lift the person up slowly until they are just above the mattress. Swing their legs out towards the lift to clear the edge. Gently move the person away from the mattress, lowering the bed if you need to do so. Turn the person towards the seat. The patient should try to provide as much support as they can with their legs. Lower them gently when they're legs hit the edge of the seat. Tell them to grab the arms of the wheelchair to help if they can.  A gait belt can give you something to grasp. You put it around the patient's waist and then use it to help lift them.  If you're using a Hoyer lift, position the person over the wheelchair using the lift. Gently lower them into the wheelchair. A van with a wheelchair lift will work best. However, in a car, you can do a similar transfer as you did to the bed. Lift the person, in the same way, setting them down on the seat of the car. Place one arm behind their back and one arm under their legs to pivot them into the car. Help them buckle in.

Summary: