Here is a news article: The USS Fitzgerald, the Navy destroyer whose June 17 collision with a cargo ship led to the deaths of seven sailors, entered dry dock in Yokosuka Naval Base, Japan, on Tuesday. Photo by MC1 Peter Burghart/U.S. Navy/UPI | License Photo 
  
 Tugboats assist the USS Fitzgerald as it moves toward dry dock in Yokosuka on Tuesday to continue repairs and assess damage sustained from its June 17 collision with a merchant vessel. Photo by MC1 Peter Burghart/U.S. Navy/UPI | License Photo 
  
 July 12 (UPI) -- The destroyer USS Fitzgerald, damaged in a June 17 collision with a cargo ship, entered a dry dock in Yokosuka, Japan, for evaluation, the Navy said. 
  
 Seven U.S. sailors died in the collision between the Fitzgerald and a Philippine-flagged cargo ship 64 miles south of Yokosuka Naval Base. 
  
 Cmdr. Bryce Benson, captain of the Navy ship, was injured in the collision when his cabin was crushed by the cargo ship's impact. He was rescued while hanging from the side of his ship, and was temporarily relieved of command Tuesday until he recovers from his unidentified injuries. 
  
 The Fitzgerald arrived at the Yokosuka naval base within hours after the collision, with a 12-by-17-foot hole ripped in its starboard side below the waterline. The impact crushed the ship's superstructure, twisted its hull and ruined tens of millions of dollars of electrical equipment aboard, the U.S. Naval Institute reported Wednesday. 
  
 Dry dock status, in which the ship is pulled completely from the water, will allow more complete evaluation of the extent of damage. The Navy will then determine if the ship should be repaired in Japan or in the United States. ||||| Story highlights The 10,000-ton USS Fitzgerald and the ACX Crystal collided last month 
  
 The Navy is carrying out an investigation into what happened 
  
 Washington (CNN) The US Navy released new photos showing the damage caused to the USS Fitzgerald after it collided with a cargo ship on June 17, causing the death of seven US sailors. 
  
 The 10,000-ton USS Fitzgerald and the ACX Crystal, a 29,000-ton container ship flagged in the Philippines, collided off Japan's Izu Peninsula. 
  
 Five of the seven Navy sailors who died may have been almost instantly "incapacitated" and died quickly, according to a preliminary Navy analysis released last month, a defense official told CNN. 
  
 The two ships collided on the Fitzgerald's starboard side directly next to the berthing area, where sailors sleep. The impact ripped the Fitzgerald open and caused water to pour in. 
  
 YOKOSUKA, Japan -- The Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Fitzgerald (DDG 62) sits in Dry Dock 4 at Fleet Activities (FLEACT) Yokosuka to continue repairs and assess damage sustained from its June 17 collision with a merchant vessel. 
  
 The official also noted the Navy is trying to corroborate accounts which suggest that the two sailors who weren't almost instantly "incapacitated" attempted to help the other five escape the incoming water. 
  
 Read More ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. |||||
A summary of this is?