Write a title for this article:

Cornerback Bashaud Breeland was one of seven Redskins players listed as a limited participant during Wednesday’s practice. He returned to the practice field for the first time since suffering a right ankle injury in Week 3 against the New York Giants.

Breeland said the ankle was stiff, but he didn’t experience any pain during practice. He doesn’t think it’s enough to impact his play however. He has been sidelined the past two games because of the injury, and Breeland said he’s itching to get back on the field.

“It feels like I ain’t played in five games,” Breeland said. “You know [with the way] I started the season, I’m just ready to go ahead and turn the hat over.”

He received some negative tweets from Redskins fans after celebrating Washington’s victory on Sunday over the Baltimore Ravens. Breeland responded and said he “wanted to be the villain at that point in time” because of criticism after a win. His season got off to a rough start after an impressive training camp. Breeland recorded an interception in the season opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers, but he allowed two touchdowns to wide receiver Antonio Brown on plays that could’ve resulted in takeaways.

It spiraled down from there as questions arose about why the Redskins didn’t use cornerback Josh Norman to trail Brown. During the second half of Washington’s game against the Dallas Cowboys in Week 2, defensive coordinator Joe Barry made the switch to have Norman trail wide receiver Dez Bryant during the fourth quarter.

these so call redskins fans need to stop wasting their breathe talking to me like im a slouch check ur history real talk #HTTR

— Bashaud Breeland (@Salute_me17) October 10, 2016

“To me, I feel like I’m one of those players where I know I messed up,” Breeland said. “I know I’ve played bad, and I critique myself. I feel like Redskins fans, they should know me as a player being here for three years. They shouldn’t have to keep telling me I played bad even though my team winning. It’s a new start. It’s a fresh week. You don’t have to keep relaying that to me. I know that.

“Those plays lost us the game, and I know that. I don’t fault them for what they’re saying. But them knowing me, and if you’re a real Redskins fan and you know me, then you should know that I’m always going to bounce back. That was my only issue. It don’t bother me when they say that.”

Breeland hasn’t had a chance to redeem himself because of the injury he suffered during the Giants game. He said he wanted to show Redskins fans in his tweets that his confidence hasn’t been shot despite the slow start.

“I feel good,” Breeland said when asked if he’ll play on Sunday against the Philadelphia Eagles. “I feel confident that I’m capable of playing. The decision is up to my coaches. Everything else is out of my control.”

Along with Breeland, inside linebacker Su’a Cravens (concussion), cornerback Dashaun Phillips (hamstring), outside linebacker Trent Murphy (shoulder), left tackle Trent Williams (knee), defensive end Chris Baker (foot) and Norman (wrist) were all also limited.

Redskins wide receiver Josh Doctson (Achilles’ tendon) and tight end Jordan Reed (evaluated for a concussion) were the only two players to miss practice. Linebacker Mason Foster (toe) and outside linebacker Ryan Kerrigan (elbow) were both full participants.

Cravens, Breeland work their way back | Cravens in concussion protocol

Outsider: A pattern emerges on Cousins’s interceptions

Crowder gets NFC special teams award | Sizing up the Eagles

More: Redskins | Best photos | Around the NFL | Fantasy football

Follow: @MikeJonesWaPo | @lizclarketweet | @MasterTes