Information:  - Count Claudius Florimund de Mercy ( 1666 in Longwy -- 1734 in Parma ) was an Imperial field marshal , born at Longwy in Lorraine , now in France . Mercy entered the Austrian army as a volunteer in 1682 . He won his commission at the great Battle of Vienna in the following year ; and during seven years of campaigning in Hungary rose to the rank of Rittmeister . A wound sustained at this time permanently injured his sight . For five years more , up to 1697 , he was employed in the Italian campaigns , then he was called back to Hungary by Prince Eugene of Savoy and won on the field of the Battle of Zenta two grades of promotion . De Mercy displayed great daring in the first campaigns of the Spanish Succession War in Italy , twice fell into the hands of the enemy in rights at close quarters and for his conduct at the surprise of Cremona ( 31 January 1702 ) received the thanks of Leopold I , Holy Roman Emperor and the proprietary colonelcy of a newly raised cuirassier regiment . With this he took part in the Rhine campaign of 1703 , and the Battle of Friedlingen , and his success as an intrepid leader of raids and forays became well known to friend and foe . He was on that account selected early in 1704 to harry the dominions of Maximilian II Emanuel , Elector of Bavaria . He was soon afterwards promoted to Generalfeldwachtmeister , in which rank he was engaged in the Battle of Schellenberg ( 2 July 1704 ) . In the rest of the war he was often distinguished by his fiery courage . He rose to be general of cavalry in the course of these ten years . His resolute leadership was conspicuous at the Battle of Peterwardein ( 1716 ) and he was soon afterwards made commander of the Banat of Temesvar . At the great Battle of Belgrade ( 1717 ) he led the second line of left wing cavalry in a brilliant and decisive charge which drove the forces of the Ottoman Empire to their trenches . After the peace he resumed the administration of the Banat , which after more than 150 years of Turkish rule needed a capable governor . But...  - Field marshal (or field-marshal, abbreviated as FM) is a very senior military rank, ordinarily senior to the general officer ranks. Usually it is the highest rank in an army, and when it is, few (if any) persons are appointed to it. It is considered as a five-star rank (OF-10) in modern-day armed forces in many countries.  - Marshal (also spelled marshall) is a term used in several official titles in various branches of society. As marshals became trusted members of the courts of Medieval Europe, the title grew in reputation. During the last few centuries, it has been used for elevated offices, such as in military rank and civilian law enforcement.  - France, officially the French Republic, is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories. The European, or metropolitan, area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans. France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017. It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre. Other major urban centres include Marseille, Lyon, Lille, Nice, Toulouse and Bordeaux.  - A general officer is an officer of high rank in the army, and in some nations' air forces or marines.    What is the relationship between 'count claude florimond de mercy' and 'general officer'?
A: