Here is a news article: Last January, British GQ caused some mild commotion by anointing a one-year-old (Prince George) as the 49th best-dressed male in the U.K., and the publication—which has just now unveiled its top 50 best-dressed men in the U.K. for 2016—has again caused something of a stir in the British press (we like to think Kate woke up this morning and texted Pippa, “lol did u see the british gq list ?? dinner’s gonna be fun tonight”). This year, the magazine has deemed not Harry, not William, not Charles, not George—but 94-year-old Prince Philip as the best-dressed royal male in the country. Philip earned the No. 12 spot on the list, placing him between 26-year-old actor Taron Egerton and 25-year-old singer James Bay (actor Eddie Redmayne tops the list, for the second straight year). As rationale for their choice, Dunhill creative director John Ray explains, “The Duke of Edinburgh embodies duty and decorum and comes across effortlessly in the way he dresses. He is always British, masculine and appropriate for his role.” (GQ adds, “If we look as good as the Queen’s consort does when we reach our tenth decade we will be very happy.”) 
  
 Meanwhile, Charles (who was placed seventh on the list last year) did not make the top 50 this year at all (“Camilla, is it the pocket squares?!? I told you my pocket squares are starting to feel a few seasons behind”), and William was left off, as well. Harry nabbed the No. 38 spot, cited for his “unique style and energy” and “zest for life” (“His family may do elegant but Prince Harry is the one royal who can do cool, too,” GQ notes). We imagine Harry punching William in the shoulder—“Hey, bro, you hear that? I’m the cool one, now it’s official”—before flitting off behind the couch on a hoverboard as he bites off a piece of beef jerky. ||||| Welcome to GQ's 2016 Best-Dressed List in association with Mercedes-Benz which is published in full with our February issue, available on newsstands and as a digital edition from Thursday 7 January. In our opinion, it is definitely one of the best-of-British ways to welcome in the New Year. Our judges have compiled an eclectic list that ranges from trendsetting teenagers to grand old men and everything in between. This is because being well-dressed is nothing to do with age or fashion. As Keith Richards says, you don't find a style, a style finds you. 
  
 That's not to say that trends aren't interesting. In recent years, for example, we have seen the rise and fall of the Pitti peacocks - the self-conscious dandies that lurk around Florence during that city's biannual menswear fair, who have been replaced with a more relaxed take on sports luxe. And trend-wise right now it seems that we are witnessing the demise of the sock, as ankles remain bare even when the mercury falls. 
  
 And remember, even the most polished man won't get it right every time. Patrick Grant - No5 in our list - was named by the Mail Online as one of the worst-dressed attendees of the British Fashion Awards in November. I felt at the time that his high-waisted dress trousers were too Alfred Hitchcock, but without the guts to experiment, how can we hope to get things right? 
  
 Click through our gallery to discover the Best-Dressed Men of 2016 in reverse order from 50 to 1... 
  
 The February issue of British GQ including our Best Dressed supplement is available 7 January on newsstands and as a digital edition which you can download on your iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire or Android device 
  
 Alternatively, subscribe to 6 issues of GQ for only £15, including free access to our iPad & iPhone editions on your Apple devices. 
  
  
  
  |||||
A summary of this is?