Q: Given a post that is a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation and an associated claim about its type, verify if the claim is true or not. The claim asks if the posts are historical or hypothetical. The posts are "HISTORICAL" when the author has already done something and they are "HYPOTHETICAL" when the author is considering doing something in the future. Say 'yes' if the claim is true otherwise say 'no'
CLAIM : The following post is HISTORICAL. POST : So to give some background, I'm a senior in high school. I have a government class and my teacher got some new curriculum called Generation Citizen. The whole point of it is to have students vote to work on a local issue and then work towards talking to local politicians and people in power to make some sort of change happen. So. he divided us into groups a while and had us come up with an issue, then we would present each issue the groups came up with, and then collectively voted on that as a whole. In the end, we were about to do something regarding veterans, I don't really remember for sure what is was. But, as the very last group is going, this one student from their group goes up to the front of the class, and gives a whole testimony about how he is homeless. After his speech, most of the votes go to helping "youth homelessness". Let me drop some statistics here. In my school district in California, which has been known to have homeless problems, there is an estimated 3-5% of homeless students in my school district. I was thinking the whole time, "There's no way a tiny high school class is going to solve youth homelessness." I did more research and found that a lot of millions of dollars have gone into helping with this issue along with multiple organizations in our area that are working on the issue 24/7. So, there's no way we can really solve the whole issue. Fast forward to the past 2-3 weeks. This student doesn't even show up to class anymore, and I mention this to other people and they felt that it's dumb that he came, changed a bunch of votes, and dipped. It's like he didn't even show up to his own pity party. So I'm assuming now that a lot of the people don't want to work on this issue anymore and probably want to change it. I recommended to my teacher that we do something that affects all students in the entire school district which was open campus. This means that any student can leave campus to go get food and as long as they come back before lunch ends, you wouldn't be in any trouble. But people already sneak out to get food anyways. My teacher's response was, "If we let students go during lunch to buy their own food, then people who can't afford to get food will feel bad or feel left out." I responded with the fact that we have vending machines at our school, so wouldn't someone who couldn't afford something from the vending machine feel the same way? So it wouldn't even be different from that. The whole point of this is that we don't even want to work on this issue, and the only real change that my teacher made to this was to have a plan to create a "Youth Task Force for Homeless Youth" because who can relate to youth better than the youth. But nobody even wants to be a part of the task force. We feel a little forced to work on this issue now even though people voted how they wanted to after being swayed by the homeless student's speech. I didn't vote for it, but the majority of people did, and I'm sure they regret it. At this point, we collectively do not care about working on our issue as much anymore, and would rather do something else.

&amp;#x200B;

In conclusion...AITA for not caring about this issue and trying to protest it?
A: