Summarize this article:

MOSCOW — Rough diamonds worth millions of dollars have reportedly disappeared from Russia's supposedly impenetrable repository created by the Bolsheviks to store the tsar's jewels. 
  
 The state-owned Severalmaz company handed diamonds weighing a combined 150,000 carats — or 66 pounds — to the Gokhran repository for inventory purposes, according to respected business daily Kommersant. 
  
 A file photo of rough diamonds. BAZ RATNER / Reuters, file 
  
 Citing sources close to the investigation, the paper said the same weight in diamonds was returned - but four of the biggest stones were missing and had been replaced by multiple smaller ones. 
  
 The missing diamonds reportedly including a 23-carat stone. 
  
 They were insured for a combined $500,000. That means their real market value was several million dollars, Sergei Goryainov of Rough & Polished, a diamond market analysis company, told NBC News on Thursday. 
  
 Neither Gokhran nor Severalmaz returned repeated requests for comment. 
  
 The Gokhran was created in 1920 as a storage facility for valuables confiscated by the victorious Bolsheviks from their enemies, including the Russian nobility, the tsar family and the Orthodox Church. 
  
 Today, it stores Russia's supplies of gold, silver, platinum, diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, pearls and amber. The size of Gokhran's stores is classified. 
  
 Despite its reputation as "Russia's Fort Knox," the agency has fallen victim to inside jobs in the past. The first Gokhran embezzlers were executed a mere year after its founding. And in 2001, four senior employees were convicted of stealing $187 million worth of valuables from the repository. ||||| Alrosa Severalmaz belongs to the Alrosa, the leading diamond mining company in the world. 
  
 Four uncut diamonds have disappeared while being held at the State Precious Metals and Gems Repository (Gokhran) for sorting, Kommersant daily newspaper reported on Thursday, citing unidentified sources in the industry. 
  
 The precious stones were part of a bigger batch of diamonds submitted to Gokhran by Severalmaz mining company that extracts diamonds at a large mine in the northern Arkhangelsk region. 
  
 After being sorted by Gokhran, some of the diamonds were replaced with inferior ones while the four large ones went missing altogether. The minimum price of these diamonds was $500,000, a source familiar with the situation told Kommersant. One of the missing diamonds weighed 23 carats. 
  
 A state commission was created in order to investigate the incident. 
  
 Severalmaz belongs to the Alrosa, the leading diamond mining company in the world. The Russian state, together with the republic of Sakha own 43 and 25 percent of the company respectively. The vast majority of Russia's diamonds come from the republic of Sakha. 
  
 Since the 1950s, Gokhran has provided sorting and preliminary evaluation services for many diamond companies in Russia. If the report of the missing diamonds is confirmed, this will be a serious blow to the state agency's reputation. ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. |||||