Q:Information:  - Culture can be defined in numerous ways. In the words of anthropologist E.B. Tylor, it is "that complex whole which includes knowledge, belief, art, morals, law, custom and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society." Alternatively, in a contemporary variant, "Culture is defined as a social domain that emphasizes the practices, discourses and material expressions, which, over time, express the continuities and discontinuities of social meaning of a life held in common."  - A performance, in the performing arts, generally comprises an event in which a performer or group of performers present one or more works of art to an audience. Usually the performers participate in rehearsals beforehand. Afterwards audience members often applaud.  - Sevens is a dance group from Kicevo , Macedonia , created by Ariana Xhambazi . The group originally had seven girls , but the number of dancers in the group has changed over time . The group currently comprises Lana , Tole , Buli , Bona , and Shype . In 2006 the group saw their first big success , winning Best Group in the Fest Dituria festival . Soon they were invited to perform at other concerts and festivals . On 9 May 2008 they won the 3rd place in Balkans for dancing in RinFest 2008 - Montenegro  - Choreography is the art or practice of designing sequences of movements of physical bodies (or their depictions) in which motion, form, or both are specified. "Choreography" may also refer to the design itself. A choreographer is one who creates choreographies by practicing the art of choreography, a process known as "choreographing". Choreography is used in a variety of fields, including musical theater, cheerleading, cinematography, gymnastics, fashion shows, ice skating, marching band, show choir, theatre, synchronized swimming, cardistry, video game production and animated art. In the performing arts, choreography applies to human movement and form. In dance, choreography is also known as dance choreography or "dance composition".  - Performance art is a performance presented to an audience within a fine art context, traditionally interdisciplinary. Performance may be either scripted or unscripted, random or carefully orchestrated; spontaneous or otherwise carefully planned with or without audience participation. The performance can be live or via media; the performer can be present or absent. It can be any situation that involves four basic elements: time, space, the performer's body, or presence in a medium, and a relationship between performer and audience. Performance art can happen anywhere, in any type of venue or setting and for any length of time. The actions of an individual or a group at a particular place and in a particular time constitute the work.  - Dance is a performance art form consisting of purposefully selected sequences of human movement. This movement has aesthetic and symbolic value, and is acknowledged as dance by performers and observers within a particular culture. Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements, or by its historical period or place of origin.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'sevens ' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - art  - band  - belief  - complex  - composition  - culture  - dance  - design  - event  - fine  - fine art  - game  - group  - gymnastics  - law  - material  - may  - member  - motion  - performance  - performing arts  - practice  - process  - production  - society  - swimming  - theater  - time  - variety  - venue
A: