Question: Information:  - A Raga (IAST: rga), Raag or Ragam, literally means "coloring, tingeing, dyeing". The term also refers to a concept close to melodic mode in Indian classical music. "Raga" is a remarkable and central feature of classical Indian music tradition, but has no direct translation to concepts in the classical European music tradition. Each "raga" is an array of melodic structures with musical motifs, considered in the Indian tradition to have the ability to "color the mind" and affect the emotions of the audience.  - Prague is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic. It is the 14th largest city in the European Union. It is also the historical capital of Bohemia. Situated in the north-west of the country on the Vltava river, the city is home to about 1.26 million people, while its larger urban zone is estimated to have a population of nearly 2 million. The city has a temperate climate, with warm summers and chilly winters.  - Psychedelic rock is a style of rock music that is inspired or influenced by psychedelic culture and attempts to replicate and enhance the mind-altering experiences of psychedelic drugs, most notably LSD. It may use novelty recording techniques, electronic instruments or effects, and sometimes draws on sources such as the ragas and drones of Indian music.  - Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by blues, rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.  - The Plastic People of the Universe (PPU) is a Czech rock band from Prague. It was the foremost representative of Prague's underground culture (19681989), which had gone against the grain of Czechoslovakia's Communist regime. Due to their non-conformism, members of the band often suffered serious repercussions such as arrests. The group continues to perform despite the death of its founder, main composer and bassist, Milan "Mejla" Hlavsa in 2001.  - Ivan Martin Jirous ( September 23 , 1944 -- November 10 , 2011 ) was a Czech poet , best known for being the artistic director of the Czech psychedelic rock group The Plastic People of the Universe and later one of the organizers of the Czech underground during the communist regime . He is also known more frequently as Magor , which can be roughly translated as `` loony '' or `` fool '' and is supposedly derived from `` phantasmagoria '' . This nickname was given to him by the `` experimental '' poet Eugen Brikcius . His wife , Vra Jirousová , wrote a good deal of the Plastics ' early lyrics . Trained as an art historian but unable to work as such under the Communist regime in then Czechoslovakia , Magor / Jirous was a member of the dissident subculture there . His particular contribution to Czech dissidence was his work on the concept of the `` Parallel Polis , '' or `` Second Culture . '' Magor believed that simply expressing oneself through art could ultimately undermine the totalitarian system . He was friends with Václav Havel , and is mentioned several times in Havel 's Letters to Olga .    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'ivan martin jirous' with the relationship of 'place of death'.  Choices: - central  - czechoslovakia  - home  - most  - prague  - united kingdom  - winters
Answer: