Please answer the following question: Information:  - General Electric, often abbreviated as GE, is an American multinational conglomerate corporation incorporated in New York, and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. As of 2016, the company operates through the following segments: Power & Water, Oil and Gas, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation and Capital which cater to the needs of Financial services, Medical devices, Life Sciences, Pharmaceutical, Automotive, Software Development and Engineering industries.  - Whatman is a GE Healthcare Life Sciences brand specialising in lab filtration products and separation technologies . Whatman products cover a range of laboratory applications that require filtration , sample collection ( cards and kits ) , blotting , lateral flow components and flow - through assays and other general laboratory accessories . Formerly Whatman PLC , the company was acquired in 2008 by GE Healthcare , a unit of General Electric Company .  - Little Chalfont is a village and civil parish in Chiltern district in south east Buckinghamshire, England. It is one of a group of villages known collectively as The Chalfonts which also comprises Chalfont St Giles and Chalfont St Peter. Little Chalfont is located southeast of Aylesbury and northwest of Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire.  - Buckinghamshire (or ), abbreviated Bucks, is a county in South East England which borders Greater London to the south east, Berkshire to the south, Oxfordshire to the west, Northamptonshire to the north, Bedfordshire to the north east and Hertfordshire to the east.  - The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe. Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, it includes the island of Great Britain (the name of which is also loosely applied to the whole country), the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of , the UK is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe. It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants. Together, this makes it the fourth most densely populated country in the European Union.  - GE Healthcare is a an American pharmaceutical company and medical equipment manufacturer. It is a subsidiary of General Electric (GE), formerly headquartered in Little Chalfont, Buckinghamshire, United Kingdom; in early 2016 headquarters were moved to Chicago. The company provides medical imaging and information technologies, medical diagnostics, patient monitoring systems, drug discovery, bio pharmaceutical manufacturing technologies and performance solutions services.  - Chicago (or ), officially the City of Chicago, is the third-most populous city in the United States, and the fifth-most populous city in North America. With over 2.7 million residents, it is the most populous city in the state of Illinois and the Midwestern United States, and the county seat of Cook County. The Chicago metropolitan area, often referred to as Chicagoland, has nearly 10 million people and is the third-largest in the U.S.    What entity does 'whatman plc' has the relation 'headquarters location' with?
Answer: