Given the question: Information:  - Paris (French: ) is the capital and most populous city of France. It has an area of and a population in 2013 of 2,229,621 within its administrative limits. The city is both a commune and department, and forms the centre and headquarters of the Île-de-France, or Paris Region, which has an area of and a population in 2014 of 12,005,077, comprising 18.2 percent of the population of France.  - "Lift Every Voice and Sing"  often referred to as the "Black American National Anthem" is a song written as a poem by James Weldon Johnson (18711938) in 1899 and set to music by his brother John Rosamond Johnson (18731954) in 1905. It is one of the authorized hymns in the Episcopal hymnal.  - African-American art is a broad term describing the visual arts of the American black community (African Americans). Influenced by various cultural traditions, including those of Africa, Europe and the Americas, traditional African-American art forms include the range of plastic arts, from basket weaving, pottery, and quilting to woodcarving and painting.  - The Caribbean (or ) is a region that consists of the Caribbean Sea, its islands (some surrounded by the Caribbean Sea and some bordering both the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean) and the surrounding coasts. The region is southeast of the Gulf of Mexico and the North American mainland, east of Central America, and north of South America.  - James Weldon Johnson (June 17, 1871June 26, 1938) was an American author, educator, lawyer, diplomat, songwriter, and civil rights activist. Johnson is best remembered for his leadership of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), where he started working in 1917. In 1920 he was the first African American to be chosen as executive secretary of the organization, effectively the operating officer. He served in that position from 1920 to 1930. Johnson established his reputation as a writer, and was known during the Harlem Renaissance for his poems, novels, and anthologies collecting both poems and spirituals of black culture.  - John Rosamond Johnson ( August 11 , 1873 -- November 11 , 1954 ) , most often referred to as J. Rosamond Johnson , was an American composer and singer during the Harlem Renaissance . Johnson is most notable as the composer of the hymn `` Lift Every Voice and Sing '' which has come to be known in the United States as the `` Black National Anthem '' . His brother , the poet James Weldon Johnson , wrote the lyrics of the famous piece . It was first performed live by 500 Black American students from the segregated Stanton School ( elementary / middle / junior high - level ) , Jacksonville , FL , in 1900 . The song was published by the Edward B. Marks Music Company , formerly the Joseph W. Stern & Co. , Manhattan , NY .  - The Harlem Renaissance was a cultural, social, and artistic explosion that took place in Harlem, New York, spanning the 1920s. During the time, it was known as the "New Negro Movement," named after the 1925 anthology by Alain Locke. The Movement also included the new African-American cultural expressions across the urban areas in the Northeast and Midwest United States affected by the African-American Great Migration, of which Harlem was the largest. The Harlem Renaissance was considered to be a rebirth of African-American arts. Though it was centered in the Harlem neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City, many francophone black writers from African and Caribbean colonies who lived in Paris were also influenced by the Harlem Renaissance.    What entity does 'j. rosamond johnson' has the relation 'ethnic group' with?
The answer is: