Information:  - Aristotle ("Aristotéls"; 384322 BC) was a Greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of Stagira, Chalkidice, on the northern periphery of Classical Greece. His father, Nicomachus, died when Aristotle was a child, whereafter Proxenus of Atarneus became his guardian. At seventeen or eighteen years of age, he joined Plato's Academy in Athens and remained there until the age of thirty-seven (c. 347 BC). His writings cover many subjects  including physics, biology, zoology, metaphysics, logic, ethics, aesthetics, poetry, theater, music, rhetoric, linguistics, politics and government  and constitute the first comprehensive system of Western philosophy. Shortly after Plato died, Aristotle left Athens and, at the request of Philip of Macedon, tutored Alexander the Great beginning in 343 BC.  - Zeus ("Zeús", ; Modern , "Días" ) was the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion, who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus. His name is cognate with the first element of his Roman equivalent Jupiter. His mythologies and powers are similar, though not identical to those of the Indo-European deities such as Indra, Jupiter, Perun, Thor, and Odin.  - In Greek mythology, Melete () was one of the three original (Boeotian) muses before the Nine Olympian Muses were founded. Her sisters were Aoide and Mneme. She was the muse of thought and meditation. Melete literally means "ponder" and "contemplation" in Greek.  - Mnemosyne (or  ), source of the word "mnemonic", was the personification of memory in Greek mythology. A Titanide, or Titaness, she was the daughter of the Titans Uranus and Gaia. Mnemosyne was the mother of the nine Muses, fathered by her nephew, Zeus:  - In Greek mythology , Mneme / nimi / (  ) was one of the three original ( Boeotian ) muses , along with her sisters Aoide and Melete before Arche and Thelxinoë were identified , increasing the number to five . Later , the Nine Olympian Muses were named . She was the muse of memory .  - Anaximander ("Anaximandros"; c. 610  c. 546 BC) was a pre-Socratic Greek philosopher who lived in Miletus, a city of Ionia (in modern-day Turkey). He belonged to the Milesian school and learned the teachings of his master Thales. He succeeded Thales and became the second master of that school where he counted Anaximenes and, arguably, Pythagoras amongst his pupils.  - In Greek mythology, Aoede ("Aoid") was one of the three original (Boeotian) muses, which later expanded to five, before the Nine Olympian Muses were named. Her sisters were Melete and Mneme. She was the muse of voice and song. According to Greek mythology, she is the daughter of Zeus, the King of the Gods, and Mnemosyne, the goddess of memory.   - Arche is a Greek word with primary senses "beginning", "origin" or "source of action". (: from the beginning, r : the original argument), and later first principle or element, first so used by Anaximander (Simplicius in Ph. 150.23), principles of knowledge (Aristot. Metaph. 995b8). By extension, it may mean "first place, power", "method of government", "empire, realm", "authorities" (in plural: ), "command". The first principle or element corresponds to the "ultimate underlying substance" and "ultimate undemonstrable principle". In the philosophical language of the archaic period (8th-6th century BC), "arche" (or "archai") designates the source, origin or root of things that exist. In ancient Greek philosophy, Aristotle foregrounded the meaning of "arche" as the element or principle of a thing, which although undemonstrable and intangible in itself, provides the conditions of the possibility of that thing.    What entity does 'mneme' has the relation 'father' with?