Q: Robert De Niro as Jack Byrnes Ben Stiller as Gaylord "Greg" Focker Dustin Hoffman as Bernard "Bernie" Focker Barbra Streisand as Rosalin "Roz" Focker Teri Polo as Pam Byrnes-Focker Blythe Danner as Dina Byrnes Spencer and Bradley Pickren as "Little" Jack Banks Alanna Ubach as Isabel Villalobos Ray Santiago as Jorge Villalobos Tim Blake Nelson as Officer Vern LeFlore Shelley Berman as Judge Ira Owen Wilson as Kevin Rawley

Answer this question based on the passage: who played little jack in meet the fockers?
A: Spencer and Bradley Pickren. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: Spencer and Bradley Pickren as "Little" Jack Banks

Q: Passage: Gov. Perry also signed H.B. 1815 after passage by the 2007 Legislature, a bill that allows any Texas resident to carry a handgun in the resident's motor vehicle without a CHL or other permit. The bill revised Chapter 46, Section 2 of the Penal Code to state that it is in fact not "Unlawful Carry of a Weapon", as defined by the statute, for a person to carry a handgun while in a motor vehicle they own or control, or to carry while heading directly from the person's home to that car. However, lawful carry while in a vehicle requires these four critical qualifiers: (1) the weapon must not be in plain sight (in Texas law, "plain sight" and "concealed" are mutually exclusive opposing terms); (2) the carrier can not be involved in criminal activities, other than Class C traffic misdemeanors; (3) the carrier can not be prohibited by state or federal law from possessing a firearm; and (4) the carrier can not be a member of a criminal gang.

Question: Based on this passage, texas law for having a gun in your car?
A: H.B. 1815. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: Gov. Perry also signed H.B. 1815 after passage by the 2007 Legislature, a bill that allows any Texas resident to carry a handgun in the resident's motor vehicle without a CHL or other permit.

Q: Passage: Parks and Recreation is an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope, a perky, mid-level bureaucrat in the Parks Department of Pawnee, a fictional town in Indiana. Created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur, the series aired on NBC from April 9, 2009 to February 24, 2015, for 125 episodes, over seven seasons. It was written by the same writers and uses the same filming style as The Office, with the same implication of a documentary crew filming everyone. The ensemble and supporting cast feature Rashida Jones as Ann Perkins, Paul Schneider as Mark Brendanawicz, Aziz Ansari as Tom Haverford, Nick Offerman as Ron Swanson, Aubrey Plaza as April Ludgate, Chris Pratt as Andy Dwyer, Adam Scott as Ben Wyatt, Rob Lowe as Chris Traeger, Jim O'Heir as Garry "Jerry" or "Larry" Gergich, Retta as Donna Meagle, and Billy Eichner as Craig Middlebrooks.

Question: Based on this passage, where does the show parks and rec take place?
A: Pawnee , a fictional town in Indiana. How to explain the answer? To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Parks and Recreation is an American political comedy television sitcom starring Amy Poehler as Leslie Knope, a perky, mid-level bureaucrat in the Parks Department of Pawnee, a fictional town in Indiana.

Q: Context: The song, "I Will Always Love You" was originally written and recorded in 1973 by American singer-songwriter, Dolly Parton. Her country version of the track was released in 1974 as a single and was written as a farewell to her one-time partner and mentor of seven years, Porter Wagoner, following Parton's decision to pursue a solo career.

Question: who sang i will always live you first?
A: