Answer the following question: Information:  - Myanmar, officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar and also known as Burma, is a sovereign state in South East Asia bordered by Bangladesh, India, China, Laos and Thailand. About one third of Myanmar's total perimeter of 5,876 km (3,651 miles), forms an uninterrupted coastline of 1,930 km (1,200 miles) along the Bay of Bengal and the Andaman Sea. The country's 2014 census revealed a much lower population than expected, with 51 million people recorded. Myanmar is 676,578 square kilometres (261,227 sq mi) in size. Its capital city is Naypyidaw and its largest city is Yangon (Rangoon).  - Saopha, sao pha, chaofa, sawbwa, or saw-bwa (; Shan: , literally meaning "lord of the heavens" or "lord of the sky") was a royal title used by the hereditary rulers of the semi-independent Shan States (Mong, ) in what today is Eastern Myanmar (Burma). It may also be used for rulers of similar Tai/Dai states in neighbouring countries, notably including China's Yunnan Province.  - Yunnan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the far southwest of the country. It spans approximately and has a population of 45.7 million in 2009. The capital of the province is Kunming, formerly also known as Yunnan. The province borders Vietnam, Laos, and Burma.  - Taunggyi (; Shan: ) is the capital of Shan State, Myanmar (Burma) and lies within the Myelat region. Taunggyi has an estimated population of 380,665 as of 2014, making it the fifth largest city in Myanmar (with Naypyidaw, Bago), and is at an elevation of above sea level. The name Taunggyi means "huge mountain" in the Burmese language, and is named after the ridge on the east of the city, part of the Shan Hills system, whose prominent high point is called "Taung-chun" or "The Spur." Locally this spur is popularly known as "Phaya Taung". The ridge has a more prominent and more popular feature known as "Chauk Talone", meaning the "Craigs."  - Shan States is an historic name for minor kingdoms (analogous to princely states of British India) ruled by Saopha (similar to Thai royal title Chao Fa "Prince" or "Princess") in large areas of today's Burma (Myanmar), China's Yunnan Province, Laos and Northern Thailand from the late 13th century until the mid-20th century.  - Inle Lake, also known as Inle Sap, is a freshwater lake located in the Nyaungshwe Township of Taunggyi District of Shan State, part of Shan Hills in Myanmar (Burma). It is the second largest lake in Myanmar with an estimated surface area of , and one of the highest at an elevation of . During the dry season, the average water depth is , with the deepest point being , but during the rainy season this can increase by .  - Yawnghwe, known as Nyaungshwe in Burmese, was a Shan state in what is today Myanmar. It was one of the most important of the Southern Shan States. Yawnghwe state included the Inle Lake. The administrative capital was Taunggyi, located in the northern part of the state. The Agent of the British government, the Superintendent of the Southern Shan States, resided at Taunggyi and the king's palace was at Yawnghwe.  - In this Burmese name , Sao is an honorific . Sao Shwe Thaik ( Burmese :  , Burmese pronunciation : ( sa wè ai ) ; 1894 -- 21 November 1962 ) was the first president of the Union of Burma and the last Saopha of Yawnghwe . His full royal style was Kambawsarahta Thiri Pawaramahawuntha Thudamaraza . He was a well - respected Shan political figure in Burma . His residence in Nyaung Shwe ( Yawnghwe ) , the Haw , is now the `` Buddha museum '' and is open to the public .    What entity does 'sao shwe thaik' has the relation 'place of death' with?
Answer: