Question: Information:  - Creatures of the Night is the tenth studio album by Kiss, released in 1982. It is the band's last for Casablanca Records, the only label for which Kiss had recorded up to this point. The album was dedicated to the memory of Casablanca founder and early Kiss supporter Neil Bogart, who had died of cancer during the recording sessions. It is also the band's last album recorded with Ace Frehley credited as an official member (until 1998's "Psycho Circus"), and its first album with Vinnie Vincent as the initially uncredited lead guitarist (Vincent would later be credited, but not featured, on the cover or the 1985 reissue of the album).  - Psycho Circus is the 18th studio album by American rock band Kiss. The album features the original four members back together and in full make-up. Some pressings featured a lenticular cover that alternates between a black Kiss logo and the album title with pictures of a clown and the band members, while the Japan initial first pressing featured a pop-up cover which had three foam spring-loaded panels of a clown face and two others with band members faces that popped out when the doors were opened. "You Wanted the Best" is the only Kiss song in which lead vocals are shared by the entire lineup.  - Lead guitar is a guitar part which plays melody lines, instrumental fill passages, guitar solos, and occasionally, some riffs within a song structure. The lead is the featured guitar, which usually plays single-note-based lines or double-stops. In rock, heavy metal, blues, jazz, punk, fusion, some pop, and other music styles, lead guitar lines are usually supported by a second guitarist who plays rhythm guitar, which consists of accompaniment chords and riffs.  - `` I Love It Loud '' is a heavy metal song by the American rock band Kiss . It was released on their 1982 album Creatures of the Night . It has proven to be a staple of the band 's live show , being performed on almost every tour the band has done aside from the Reunion and Psycho Circus tours .  - Neil E. Bogart (born Neil Scott Bogatz) (February 3, 1943  May 8, 1982) was an American record executive. He is perhaps best known as the founder of Casablanca Records (which later became Casablanca Record and Filmworks, with Peter Guber).  - Casablanca Records is an American recording label owned by Universal Music Group and operated under Republic Records. The label became most successful as a disco label in the 1970s and currently operates as an Electronic dance music label under the direction of Tommy Mottola.  - Vincent John Cusano (born August 6, 1952) better known by his stage name Vinnie Vincent is an American guitarist and songwriter. He is a former member of the rock band Kiss from 1982 until mid-1984 during the band's transition out of their 19731983 makeup period. Vincent was the last member to wear a unique makeup/costume configuration, as the character of "Ankh warrior " (a design created by Paul Stanley) until he and the band were first shown without the makeup during an interview on MTV in September 1983. He also was the leader of his own band, Vinnie Vincent Invasion.  - Paul Daniel "Ace" Frehley (born April 27, 1951) is an American musician, singer and songwriter best known as the former lead guitarist and founding member of the rock band Kiss. He invented the persona of the "Spaceman" or "Space Ace" and played with the group from its inception in 1973 until his departure in 1982. After leaving Kiss, Frehley embarked on a solo career, which was put on hold when he rejoined Kiss in 1996 for a highly successful reunion tour.    What entity does 'i love it loud' has the relation 'record label' with?
Answer: