Question: Information:  - A university ("a whole", "a corporation") is an institution of higher (or tertiary) education and research which grants academic degrees in various subjects.  Universities typically provide undergraduate education and postgraduate education.  - Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, popularly known as Virginia Tech, is a public, land-grant, research university with a main campus in Blacksburg, Virginia, educational facilities in six regions statewide, and a study-abroad site in Switzerland. Through its Corps of Cadets ROTC program, Virginia Tech is also designated as a one of six senior military colleges in the country. As the commonwealth's third-largest university, Virginia Tech offers 225 undergraduate and graduate degree programs to some 30,600 students and manages a research portfolio of $513 million, the largest of any university in Virginia. The university fulfills its land-grant mission of transforming knowledge to practice through technological leadership and by fueling economic growth and job creation locally, regionally, and across Virginia.  - Blacksburg is an incorporated town in Montgomery County, Virginia, United States, with a population of 42,620 at the 2010 census. Blacksburg is dominated economically and demographically by the presence of Virginia Tech (Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University).  - John Redd Hutcheson ( January 13 , 1886 -- January 13 , 1962 ) was the ninth President of Virginia Tech. He served from January 12 , 1945 to August 12 , 1947 . VPI alumnus John Redd Hutcheson , known as Dr. Jack , agreed to take the job as president of VPI only for a few years . A former school teacher , high school principal , and university instructor , Hutcheson started working for the Virginia Agricultural Extension Service in 1914 as a livestock specialist and became its director in 1919 , developing a national reputation as an agricultural leader . Shortly after the affable Hutcheson took over the presidency on August 14 , 1945 , Japan surrendered to end World War II , and a two - day celebration ensued . When the fall quarter began soon thereafter , enrollment nearly doubled that of the previous quarter . The new president worked to prepare the campus for the influx of returning veterans as the college moved from wartime to peacetime conditions . The veterans generally had no interest in joining the corps of cadets , and for the first time , during winter quarter 1946 , civilians outnumbered cadets on campus . With the explosion in civilian students , 3,100 living on campus and another 900 day students came a need for housing . To help resolve the problem for married veterans , the college installed a trailer court that students called Vetsville surrounding the Solitude House , which was converted into a community center to serve the trailer court residents . Two additional trailer courts that students called Cassell Heights after financial and business manager Stuart K. Cassell followed in the area east of present - day Cassell Coliseum . The college also rented dormitory space at the Radford Arsenal to house other students and converted several buildings there into classrooms ; the new location became known as Rad - Tech. During this period , the board of visitors created a vice president position , which was filled by Walter S. Newman , to handle curriculum development . Hutcheson himself created an...    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'john redd hutcheson' with the relationship of 'educated at'.  Choices: - undergraduate education  - virginia polytechnic institute and state university
Answer: