Write a summary based on this article:

Friends of a 14-year-old boy said they were in disbelief and needed time to pray after a game of hide-and-seek turned into a tragedy when he ran into the horn of a bull statue — impaling him through the chest — on Saturday, June 22. 
  
 Friends and family gathered around the metal statue Tuesday, June 25, at the National Ranching Heritage Center for what they hoped would be an opportunity to find peace and honor Miguel Martinez where he died within minutes of the accident just before 3 a.m. Saturday. 
  
 “We just need to get together and pray and be supportive,” said Brenda Garcia, a family friend. 
  
 One of two adults near Martinez in his last minutes said his death was a “pure accident.” 
  
 Marenda Podhorsky said Tuesday that she and her boyfriend took her four children and Martinez to play in the park area near the center early Saturday morning, according to the Associated Press. 
  
 Martinez was spending the night with Podhorsky’s son and the children were awake well past midnight after eating sweets to celebrate her boyfriend’s birthday. 
  
 When she heard a thump, she thought Martinez might have been knocked down by the bull’s horn during a game of hide-and-seek. Instead, Martinez suffered a chest wound. He died after being impaled by the horn. 
  
 Texas Tech police, who continued investigating the death Tuesday, released a heavily redacted copy of a police report. The redacted report shows only the date, time, location and a brief synopsis. 
  
 “He was running and ran into the horn of one of the statues,” the report states. “The boy was unresponsive and died because of his injuries.” 
  
 Garcia said she has known Martinez for years. Her daughter and Martinez were close friends who attended Cavazos Middle School together. 
  
 She described him as a good role model to their friends. 
  
 “And he was always into sports,” she said, listing basketball, football and track. “Whatever season the sports were, he was playing.” 
  
 Garcia said she would not allow her daughter out past midnight, but avoided laying blame for the accident. 
  
 “Boys are going to be boys and they’re going to be out late,” she said. “This could happen to anybody, day or night.” 
  
 Stephanie Cole, a store manager at Wells Fargo’s North University Avenue bank branch, said Martinez’s family is accepting donations through the Miguel Martinez Memorial Fund at Wells Fargo. Contributions can be made at any Wells Fargo location. 
  
 adam.young@lubbockonline.com 
  
 • 766-8725 
  
 Follow Adam on Twitter 
  
 @AYoungReporter ||||| Texas teen dies after being impaled on bull statue horn 
  
 Memorials for Miguel Martinez were laid at the feet of the bull statue on which he was impaled 
  
 A US teenager has died after being impaled by the horn of a bull statue on a Texas university campus. 
  
 Miguel Martinez was fatally wounded in the chest before dawn on Saturday morning in a park near the National Ranching Heritage Center, at Texas Tech University in the city of Lubbock. 
  
 He is believed to have tripped while playing hide-and-seek with four other children. They were accompanied by two adults at the time. 
  
 Police are investigating the death. 
  
 The boy's mother, Judith Leseberg, told CBS affiliate KCBD: "He just happened to trip over one of the lights. I guess he lost his balance and he went straight down on one of the horns. 
  
 "It's hard for all of us. No mother expects this to happen to their child." 
  
 The university said it would review its policies, practices and facilities to determine if any changes needed to be made to prevent a reoccurrence of such an incident. |||||

Summary: