Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Hull's home clash with Southampton... Hull City vs Southampton (KC Stadium) Kick-off: Saturday 3pm. Odds (subject to change):. Hull 5/2. Draw 23/10. Southampton 11/10. Referee: Martin Atkinson. Managers: Steve Bruce (Hull), Ronald Koeman (Southampton) Head-to-head league record: Hull wins 12, draws 18, Southampton wins 20. Team news. Hull. Hull could face Southampton with the same XI that started last week's draw with Liverpool. Goalkeepers Allan McGregor (shoulder) and Steve Harper (bicep) are still out, meaning third-choice Eldin Jakupovic continues in goal. Gaston Ramirez is ineligible to face his parent club, Tom Ince has joined Nottingham Forest on loan and Michael Dawson (ankle), Nikica Jelavic and Robert Snodgrass (both knee) are all out. Provisional squad: Jakupovic, Watson, Davies, Rosenior, Robertson, Chester, Bruce, McShane, Elmohamady, Meyler, Diame, Huddlestone, Livermore, Brady, Aluko, Quinn, Hernandez, Ben Arfa, Aluko. Hull's third-choice keeper Eldin Jakupovic could again start for Hull against Southampton on Saturday. Southampton. Sadio Mane could return to the Southampton squad as Saints look to maintain their impressive run of form at Hull. Mane was rested as a precaution against Stoke in the Capital One Cup on Wednesday night. The midfielder was expected to train on Friday in the hope that he will be included in the squad that travels to East Yorkshire. Saints manager Ronald Koeman, whose team have won six of their last seven Barclays Premier League matches, otherwise has a full squad to select from. Provisional squad: Forster, K Davis, Cropper, Clyne, Fonte, Gardos, Alderweireld, Bertrand, Targett, Schneiderlin, S Davis, Wanyama, Reed, Cork, Tadic, Yoshida, Mane, Long, Mayuka, Pelle, Gallagher. Sadio Mane is set to return to the Southampton squad after missing their midweek Capital One Cup tie. Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Hull City have drawn five of their nine Premier League games this season – they only drew seven in the whole of 2013-14. Southampton have won their last four league games against Hull and lost just one of the last 16 in all comps (W10 D5 L1), incl. a meeting in the Full Members Cup in 1986/87. Southampton have won six of their opening nine games to a top-flight season for the first time in their history. Ronald Koeman’s side have conceded just five league goals this season; fewer than any other team in England’s top four divisions. Four of those five goals have been conceded on the road, with the Saints managing just one clean sheet in four games away from St Mary’s in the PL this term. Hull players look on as Jose Fonte pounces to score in Southampton's 1-0 win at the KC Stadium in February - the Saint's fourth consecutive victory over the Tigers in all competitions. Southampton have won every game that they have scored first in this season in the Premier League (5/5). No-one has dropped more points from leading positions this season than Hull City (8 – level with Swansea City). Hull (11 points, 10th position) are exactly where they were after nine games of the season in 2013/14, although they have lost only two games this season (W2 D5) compared to four at this season last season (W3 D2). The Tigers have scored exactly two goals in each of their last three home league games (W1 D1 L1). No side have caught their opponents offside on fewer occasions this season than Hull City (6; level with Stoke).
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: