A father has been arrested after allegedly stabbing to death his five-month-old baby daughter and a family friend and critically injuring two others in a domestic-related knife attack at a Wisconsin home. The suspect, who is yet to be identified, reportedly fatally stabbed his defenseless daughter as she lay in her crib at her mother's duplex  in Milwaukee at around 8.30am on Friday. He also knifed to death a 39-year-old man, described by police as a family friend, as well as seriously wounding the baby's 19-year-old mother and her new boyfriend, 22, it is alleged. Incredibly, the woman - the suspect's ex-girlfriend - managed to call 911 as she was being attacked, alerting police to the 'domestic violence incident', the force's chief, Edward Flynn, said. Scroll down for video. Tragic: A father has been arrested after allegedly stabbing to death his five-month-old daughter and a family friend and critically injuring two others in a domestic-related knife attack at this Wisconsin home (pictured) Officers rushed to the duplex, situated near 39th Street and Clybourn, and discovered the baby girl lying dead in her crib. The male victim was also found unresponsive in the property. Meanwhile, the child's mother and her partner were taken to a Milwaukee area hospital, where the woman underwent surgery. The pair are currently undergoing further treatment at the facility. During the raid, police found the suspect residing in the  bathroom of the duplex, with several superficial stab wounds on his body. He was arrested at the scene and treated for his injuries. 'The offender, the man we've arrested, is apparently the ex-boyfriend (of the mother) and father of the dead baby,' Chief Flynn said on Friday morning. 'The young man who was stabbed is someone who very recently established a relationship with the mother of the baby. Obviously the mother of the baby has been seriously wounded. 'Also murdered was an older man in the apartment who was basically a friend of the family.' Police chief: The suspect reportedly fatally stabbed his  daughter as she lay in her crib. He then killed a 39-year-old man and seriously wounded the baby's mother, 19, and her new boyfriend, 22, it is said. Above, Police Chief Edward Flynn (pictured) said the man has now been arrested and police are not seeking other suspects. Scene: Officers rushed to the duplex, situated near 39th Street and Clybourn, and discovered the baby girl lying dead in her crib. The male victim was also found unresponsive. Above, police outside the property. Chief Flynn said the baby's parents had experienced a troubled relationship. 'We have learned from the people at the scene that there previous incidents of domestic violence, but none have ever been reported to us,' he said. The alleged homicides are among 13 to have taken place in Milwaukee since the start of the year, compared to one homicide in January 2014. 'This was not on our radar screen and it is those that tend to be the most volatile,' Chief Flynn told Fox 6. 'And when one of these erupts into deadly violence, the results are tragic.' Mayor: Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett (pictured) joined Flynn at the crime scene to denounce the violence. Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett joined Flynn at the crime scene to denounce the violence. 'As mayor, it is very frustrating to have a month like we have had in her the city of Milwaukee as it pertains to violence. Usually January is our least violent month of the year,'  Mr Barrett said. Chief Flynn said police are not seeking any other suspects in the stabbings. The suspect and victims involved are yet to be formally named. An investigation is ongoing.

What are highlight points for this article?