Steven Gerrard has admitted he would have stayed with Liverpool had he been offered a contract last summer. Gerrard’s decision to quit Anfield sent shockwaves through football and he revealed he had turned down offers from clubs in the Barclays Premier League, Europe and the Middle East. Most significantly, though, Gerrard revealed he would have committed his future to Liverpool had they offered to extend his terms when he retired from England. He intended to commit to Liverpool for the next ‘two or three years’ but an offer did not arrive until November. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Steven Gerrard break his silence on his Anfield exit. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has revealed he would have signed a new contract during the summer. Gerrard runs away in celebration after giving Premier League outfit Liverpool the lead against Wimbledon. Steven Gerrard hits the town for his team-mate Martin Skrtel's 30th birthday on Tuesday. ‘If a contract had been put in front of me in pre-season I’d have signed it,’ Gerrard told the Liverpool Echo. ‘I’d just retired from England to concentrate on Liverpool. I didn't want my club games to be tailored. 'My injury record had been fantastic for the past two-and-a-half years and I had a great season from a personal point of view last season. 'It's all ifs, buts and hindsight now. That period between the summer and the end of November gave me thinking time. 'There's no blame and I'm not angry about it. There are other people in the squad and the club had other things to worry about. 'There is no finger pointing from me towards the manager or anyone else at the club.' Gerrard is expected to sign for MLS side LA Galaxy in the very near future. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers and Glen Johnson arrive for the party with their partners. Spanish full back Jose Enrique poses for a photo with his partner on Tuesday evening. Steven Gerrard (left) wheels away after heading in the opening goal of the game against AFC Wimbledon. Rodgers spoke to Gerrard, who is expected to sign a deal with MLS side LA Galaxy in the near future, in late November and it came as something of a surprise to the player, but once the writing was on the wall the former England captain knew his days at Anfield were numbered. 'I've got to be honest, that chat with Brendan came earlier than I was expecting,' he added. 'It was about a month before that he first mentioned to me about managing my game time. 'We had another chat on the subject recently - 10 days to two weeks ago. It was tough but I understood. It's been very amicable. Everyone knows how much I rate Brendan. Our relationship is very good. 'There hasn't been a cross word between us. Brendan has been fantastic for me. My only regret is that I didn't get to work with him at a younger age. Gerrard looks on as his fine free-kick goes over the wall on its way to securing Liverpool a 2-1 victory. Gerrard reiterated his respect for manager Brendan Rodgers and said nobody was to blame for his exit. Jamie Carragher believes the midfielder (centre) would be earning rave reviews if he was 10 years younger. 'Since I was 16, 17 years of age, the moment I come into work on a Monday morning my preparations begin to play 90 minutes the following weekend. 'That's the buzz. I've always worked hard all week to prepare and make sure my performance is right come the weekend. 'When it gets to the stage where you don't know if you're going to be starting or not it becomes different. 'I've never wanted to be a squad player. If I was missing games now, I'd be sitting out even more next season. I knew it would get worse and worse as time went on.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: