Information:  - Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most-populous continent. At about 30.3 million km² (11.7 million square miles) including adjacent islands, it covers 6% of Earth's total surface area and 20.4 % of its total land area. With 1.1 billion people as of 2013, it accounts for about 15% of the world's human population. The continent is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, both the Suez Canal and the Red Sea along the Sinai Peninsula to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The continent includes Madagascar and various archipelagos. It contains 54 fully recognized sovereign states (countries), nine territories and two "de facto" independent states with limited or no recognition.  - The Old World flycatchers are a large family, the Muscicapidae, of small passerine birds mostly restricted to the Old World (Europe, Africa and Asia). These are mainly small arboreal insectivores, many of which, as the name implies, take their prey on the wing. The family includes 322 species and is divided into 50 genera.  - This article is about the Old World chats ; see below for other birds called `` chats '' . Chats ( formerly sometimes known as `` chat - thrushes '' ) are a group of small Old World insectivorous birds formerly classified as members of the thrush family Turdidae , but now considered Old World flycatchers . The name is normally applied to the more robust ground - feeding flycatchers found in Europe and Asia and most northern species are strong migrants . There are a large number of genera and these birds in particular make up most of the subfamily Saxicolinae . Other songbirds called `` chats '' are : Australian chats , genera Ashbyia and Epthianura of the honeyeater family ( Meliphagidae ) . They belong to a more ancient lineage than Saxicolinae . American chats , genus Granatellus of the cardinal family ( Cardinalidae ) , formerly placed in the wood - warbler family . They belong to a more modern lineage than Saxicolinae . Yellow - breasted chat ( Icteria virens ) , an enigmatic North American songbird tentatively placed in the wood - warbler family ( Parulidae ) ; its true relationships are unresolved .  - The Old World consists of Africa, Europe, and Asia, regarded collectively as the part of the world known to Europeans before contact with the Americas. It is used in the context of, and contrast with, the New World (Americas).  - Asia is Earth's largest and most populous continent, located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres and sharing the continental landmass of Eurasia with the continent of Europe. Asia covers an area of , about 30% of Earth's total land area and 8.7% of the Earth's total surface area. The continent, which has long been home to the majority of the human population, was the site of many of the first civilizations. Asia is notable for not only its overall large size and population, but also dense and large settlements as well as vast barely populated regions within the continent of 4.4 billion people.  - The world is the planet Earth and all life upon it, including human civilization. In a philosophical context, the world is the whole of the physical Universe, or an ontological world. In a theological context, the "world" is the material or the profane sphere, as opposed to the celestial, spiritual, transcendent or sacred. The "end of the world" refers to scenarios of the final end of human history, often in religious contexts.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'parent taxon' with the subject 'chat '.  Choices: - area  - human  - muscicapidae