It's not all about the music! Here are the pop stars who tried their luck on the silver screen

IT seems that being a successful musician isn’t enough these days.

Rather than sticking with their original passion, many talented stars are adding even more strings to their bows and breaking into the acting industry.

This week, it was reported that Rihanna is set to join the Oceans Eight all-star cast, while Jennifer Lopez had landed the role of cocaine queen Griselda Blanco for an upcoming HBO biopic too.

They’re not the only ones. From rappers to rock stars, we take a look at some of the most memorable musicians that took the leap…

Her incredible success in music has made her one of the most successful female solo artists of all time – but being Beyoncé, she wasn’t happy with simply selling 100million records worldwide.

The star, who is married to Jay-Z, landed her first role in 2001 and has since starred in Austin Powers: Goldmember, The Pink Panther, Dreamgirls and Life is But a Dream.

She's only 28 years old, but there's very little she hasn't done.

As well as an astounding career in music, the Barbadian singer has starred in Battleship, Home and is rumoured to be joining the Ocean's Eight cast this year.

He started his career as the MC of hip-hop duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, but now Will Smith is better known as an award-winning actor.

Some of his most notable movies include Men in Black, Hitch, Seven Pounds and, more recently, Suicide Squad.

The pop princess gained notoriety through her music and after three successful albums, she starred in Crossroads.

The 2002 film received mainly negative reviews, but still managed to make £47million at the box office.

The former N'Sync star made a name for himself in music but, like Britney, starred in TV shows as a teenager.

He utilised his acting talent after becoming famous, making the move to the silver screen in 2005 with a role alongside Morgan Freeman in Edison.

He has since starred in The Social Network, Friends With Benefits and Bad Teacher, and continues to act today.

Perhaps not quite as successful as her counterparts, Swifty made her acting debut with a minor role in Valentine's Day.

The star, who is dating actor Tom Hiddleston, later lent her voice to The Lorax movie as Audrey and also made a cameo in 2014's The Giver.

Now she seems to be now focusing her attention on her music career.

It may come as a surprise to discover that the rapper has racked up countless acting roles in his career.

Some of his performances include voicing the character of Smooth Move in Turbo and comedic roles in Starsky & Hutch and Scary Movie 5.

The singer may have firmed up her status as a true icon through her music, but her movie roles speak for themselves.

The star, who was previously married to director Guy Ritchie, has had over 20 film roles during her career, including those in Desperately Seeking Susan, Evita and Die Another Day.

The actor formed the band Thirty Seconds to Mars back in 1998, running the show as the lead vocalist and songwriter.

Meanwhile, he was making a name for himself in the acting world and played supporting roles in Fight Club, American Psycho and The Thin Red Line.

He took a break to focus on his music, but later returned to movie making and quickly gained notoriety, winning awards for his talents.

Leto's most notable performances include those in Dallas Buyers Club and Suicide Squad.

The singer has worked hard on her acting career while simultaneously making music.

She has since become a rom-com favourite, starring in Maid in Manhattan, Shall We Dance, The Wedding Planner and The Back-Up Plan.

Write a one or two sentence summary.