Student A:Passage: The Jaguars and the Carolina Panthers joined the NFL as expansion teams for the 1995 season. Since their inception, the Jaguars have won division championships in 1998 and 1999 (as members of the now-defunct AFC Central) and 2017 (as members of the AFC South) and have qualified for the playoffs seven times, most recently in 2017 after a ten-season playoff drought.

Question: Based on this passage, when was the last time jacksonville jaguars were in the playoffs?
Student B:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Since their inception, the Jaguars have won division championships in 1998 and 1999 (as members of the now-defunct AFC Central) and 2017 (as members of the AFC South) and have qualified for the playoffs seven times, most recently in 2017 after a ten-season playoff drought.
2017.

Problem:The White Rabbit is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. He appears at the very beginning of the book, in chapter one, wearing a waistcoat, and muttering "Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be too late!" Alice follows him down the rabbit hole into Wonderland. Alice encounters him again when he mistakes her for his housemaid Mary Ann and she becomes trapped in his house after growing too large. The Rabbit shows up again in the last few chapters, as a herald-like servant of the King and Queen of Hearts.

What's the name of the rabbit in alice in wonderland?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: The White Rabbit is a fictional character in Lewis Carroll's book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The White Rabbit.

Student A:Nucleotides are organic molecules that serve as the monomer units for forming the nucleic acid polymers deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and ribonucleic acid (RNA), both of which are essential biomolecules in all life-forms on Earth. Nucleotides are the building blocks of nucleic acids; they are composed of three subunit molecules: a nitrogenous base, a five-carbon sugar (ribose or deoxyribose), and at least one phosphate group. They are also known as phosphate nucleotides.

Answer this question: what are the basic components of a nucleotide?
Student B:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Nucleotides are the building blocks of nucleic acids; they are composed of three subunit molecules: a nitrogenous base, a five-carbon sugar (ribose or deoxyribose), and at least one phosphate group.
a nitrogenous base.

Problem:The book is structured in four chapters:

How many chapters in ruth in the bible?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The book is structured in four chapters:
four.

Student A:"Holy, Holy, Holy!" is a Christian hymn written by Reginald Heber (1783 -- 1826). Its lyrics speak specifically of the Holy Trinity, having been written for use on Trinity Sunday. It quotes the Sanctus of the Latin Mass, which translated into English begins "Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God of Hosts". The text also paraphrases Isaiah 6: 3 and Revelation 4: 1 -- 11. John Bacchus Dykes composed the tune Nicaea for this hymn in 1861. The tune name is a tribute to the First Council of Nicaea which formalized the doctrine of the Trinity in 325.

Answer this question: who wrote the song holy holy holy lord god almighty?
Student B:OK... The relevant information is: "Holy, Holy, Holy!" is a Christian hymn written by Reginald Heber (1783 -- 1826).
Reginald Heber.

Student A:Context: Maudie Hopkins (December 7, 1914 -- August 17, 2008) was an American woman believed to be the last publicly known and identified surviving widow of a Civil War veteran.

Question: when did the last widow of the civil war die?
Student B: