In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Eating food, aside from Monster Meats, is always a good way to recover hunger, health, and sanity. Earlier on in the game, your main source of food will be from rabbits caught in traps, berries picked from berry bushes, and carrots lying around, all of which you can cook over a campfire and eat to restore your Hunger. However, for food that restores sanity, you'll need more thorough methods.  Carrots can be found poking out of the ground and Berry bushes are scattered around the world. You can pick them up by left-clicking or pressing X. To catch rabbits, make a trap with 6 Cut Grass and 2 Twigs. You can craft it in the Survival tab, represented by a looped rope icon. Once created, place it near or on top of a rabbit hole, which is a small hole in the ground found in grasslands and savannahs, then wait until a rabbit is caught. Once caught, the trap will rattle and jump around. If you pick it up, you’ll get both the trap and the rabbit. You can then re-use the trap for 7 more times before it disappears. You’ll need to “murder” the rabbit before you can make use of the meat, though. Right-clicking (PC) it or pressing the right direction button (PS4) when a rabbit is selected will do the trick. With a Science Machine, you can also craft a Bird Trap for 3 Twigs and 4 Silk through the Survival tab. This functions similarly to a trap, but only catches birds. To make a farm plot, you need at least a Science Machine. You can make it through the Food tab, represented by a buried carrot icon, for 8 Grass, 4 Manure, and 4 Logs. You can get Manure from Beefalo, which excrete them regularly at random intervals and are found in savannahs. You can also get Manure by feeding a pig, found individually in random spots in the map or collectively in huge villages normally found at the end of roads, with some non-meat food (berries, carrots, produce from farm plots, cave bananas, etc.). Once you’ve placed the farm plot, you can put a seed on it by selecting the seed and interacting with the farm. You can either wait for it to grow slowly throughout the day or pile manure on it until it grows. Once grown, simply interact with the crop to gather it, and congratulations! You now have some food! Jerky and Small Jerky are long-lasting food items that restore quite a bit of all three gauges. To make Jerky, you'll need to make a Drying Rack first, which is made with a Science Machine and requires 3 Rope, 3 Twigs, and 2 Charcoal.  Charcoal can be obtained by burning down Trees. You can do this by making a Torch, equipping it, then right-clicking on the Trees. Each burned Tree can be chopped down with an Axe to get 1 Charcoal. Upon creating a Drying Rack, you can then place a piece of Meat of any kind, including Frog Legs, Batilisk Wings, and Monster Meat, by approaching the rack and using the left mouse button or X to place the meat. After a few days you'll have your Jerky ready for consumption! The Crock Pot is another way of cooking your food, and you can make one with a Science Machine and costs 6 Charcoal, 6 Twigs and 3 Cut Stone. The Crock Pot's cooking mechanic requires you to put in 4 items of food in the four slots to cook and takes about a minute for the dish to cook. Most meals can restore a great amount of sanity, as long as you figure out the recipe.  You can use Twigs as fillers for recipe, which would usually save you from using up more important “edible” ingredients. Be careful when adding Monster Meats and Durians, though. Use too much without a twig, and you’ll end up with a Monster Lasagna, an incredibly damaging food that gives a hefty penalty to Health and Sanity.

Summary: