Write a title for this article:

WOODEN wall panels, cream leather sofas and flatscreen televisions… it may look like a penthouse suite, but this swanky pad has wheels.

These stunning pictures reveal the luxurious surroundings enjoyed by workers at one of Europe’s largest travelling fairs.

The families who run Hull Fair in East Yorkshire have opened the doors to their dazzling homes, some of which are even towed by articulated lorries.

Mum-of-three Dayna Gray’s lives in a 30ft caravan that comes with a six-figure luxury price tag.

The 42-year-old insisted people shouldn’t be surprised by the impressive surroundings the families live in.

Dayna, a seventh-generation showperson, said: “Some people think we’re rolling in it. But we’re always on the move so these are our homes.”

“People see lads with tattoos all over them and oil all over their clothes from the rides and they think we’re all like that.

“But actually they’re likely to be the casual workers we take on.”

The Hull Fair, one of the largest travelling funfairs in Europe, comes to the city once a year and is said to be more than 700 years old.

Dayna continued: “We are always on the move. It would make no sense having an unreliable car that isn’t capable of pulling a ride that might be worth tens of thousands of pounds.”

That’s not to say they aren’t fans of more traditional vehicles, with a number of flash Mercedes and Mustangs parked outside the massive caravans.

One shiny red Mustang sitting outside the caravan is barely six months old and cost £25,00,000.

A 2012 silver Mercedes Benz parked nearby has the personalised licence plate 4440 MG, while another Benz parked by the caravans was bought new in 2013 and is worth at least £10,000.

The house-proud fair workers have also spoken out against how they claim to be portrayed in the community – insisting they “work hard, play hard”, pay their taxes and ensure their children are well-educated.

While Dayna’s husband Victor, 44, looks after the children’s rides, their own kids – Jaeger, 12, Sienna, nine and Alana, four – are at a make-shift school created for the fairground children in the nearby sports stadium.

The camaraderie between the families is also important. Dayna’s long-time friend Stacey Greatorex, 44, who was keen to dispel rumours about their lifestyle.

She said: “We do get portrayed as travellers and Gypies. We share a lot of the same values as the Gypies – similar views on marriage, that kind of thing.

“We also look after our own. We pay public liability insurance and our taxes, which might surprise some people.”

The lifestyle of a travelling fair worker had changed dramatically over her lifetime, Stacey said.

She added: “I left school at 12. They weren’t interested in teaching you when you were only going to be there for a few weeks.

“It’s different now. Now our children are given work packs to take away or they get schooled at temporary schools set up for them.”

“My little boy is marvellous at maths because he deals with money all the time. He earns his pocket money on the rides.”

Dayna’s brother, David Wallis, is also part of the travelling community and lives in his own impressive caravan with his wife, Penelope, and their children Isabella, 11 and Adina, seven.

Of people’s misconceptions, Penelope said: “A lot of people don’t understand us.

“People imagine this tiny, little caravan. We have a lovely home with everything you’d expect to see in a house – cooker, washer, dryer, dishwasher.

“I am very proud of what we have and what we have achieved as a family.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368