Please answer the following question: Information:  - Dwingeloo 1 is a barred spiral galaxy about 10 million light-years away from the Earth, in the constellation Cassiopeia. It lies in the Zone of Avoidance and is heavily obscured by the Milky Way. The size and mass of Dwingeloo 1 are comparable to those of Triangulum Galaxy.  - Dwingeloo 2 is a small irregular galaxy discovered in 1996 and located about 10 million light - years away from the Earth . Its discovery was a result of Dwingeloo Obscured Galaxy Survey ( DOGS ) of the Zone of Avoidance . Dwingeloo 2 is a companion galaxy of Dwingeloo 1 . Dwingeloo 2 was first detected at radio wavelengths from the 21 cm emission line of neutral atomic hydrogen ( known to astronomers as HI ) in the course of follow - up observations after the discovery of Dwingeloo 1 . Dwingeloo 2 is thought to be a member of the IC 342/Maffei Group , a galaxy group adjacent to the Local Group . The galaxy recedes from the Milky Way at the speed of about 241 km / s. The visible radius of Dwingeloo 2 is approximately 2  , which at the distance of 3 Mpc corresponds to about 2 kpc . Dwingeloo 2 has a well defined rotating HI disk inclined at approximately 69 ° with respect to observer . The distribution of the neutral hydrogen in Dwingeloo 2 is quite irregular , and it is detected as far as 3.2 kpc from the center of the galaxy . The total mass of the galaxy within this radius is estimated at 2.3 billion Solar masses , while the mass of the neutral hydrogen is estimated at about 100 million Solar masses . The total mass of the galaxy is about five times less than that of Dwingeloo 1 . The irregular structure of Dwingeloo 2 is likely related to its interaction with the much larger nearby galaxy Dwingeloo 1 , which lies at a distance of only 24 kpc from Dwingeloo 2 .  - A galaxy is a gravitationally bound system of stars, stellar remnants, interstellar gas, dust, and dark matter. The word galaxy is derived from the Greek "", literally "milky", a reference to the Milky Way. Galaxies range in size from dwarfs with just a few billion stars to giants with one hundred trillion stars, each orbiting its galaxy's center of mass. Galaxies are categorized according to their visual morphology as elliptical, spiral and irregular. Many galaxies are thought to have black holes at their active centers. The Milky Way's central black hole, known as Sagittarius A*, has a mass four million times greater than the Sun. As of March 2016, GN-z11 is the oldest and most distant observed galaxy with a comoving distance of 32 billion light-years from Earth, and observed as it existed just 400 million years after the Big Bang.  - An irregular galaxy is a galaxy that does not have a distinct regular shape, unlike a spiral or an elliptical galaxy. Irregular galaxies do not fall into any of the regular classes of the Hubble sequence, and they are often chaotic in appearance, with neither a nuclear bulge nor any trace of spiral arm structure.  - The Triangulum Galaxy is a spiral galaxy approximately 3 million light-years (ly) from Earth in the constellation Triangulum. It is catalogued as Messier 33 or NGC 598, and is sometimes informally referred to as the Pinwheel Galaxy, a nickname it shares with Messier 101. The Triangulum Galaxy is the third-largest member of the Local Group of galaxies, behind the Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy. It is one of the most distant permanent objects that can be viewed with the naked eye.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'constellation' with the subject 'dwingeloo 2'.  Choices: - andromeda  - cassiopeia  - sagittarius  - triangulum
A: