Write highlights for this article:

A five-year-old girl who was viciously mauled by a dog as she rode her bike in the street has showed her inspiring recovery - and her long road ahead. Payton White was playing with her big sister Camryn outside their great-grandmother's home in Collinsville, Oklahoma on October 21 when a neighbor's Rottweiler-Bullmastiff mix approached them. Camryn later told her mother that the two-year-old dog, Harley, had circled around them before attacking Payton and dragging her into a ditch, the Tulsa World reported. A neighbor heard the girl's screams and managed to pull the dog away from her and call for help. Scroll down for video. All smiles: Payton White grins for photos three weeks after she was viciously attacked by a neighbor's dog. Fighter: Payton, pictured laughing with her mother, needed six hours of surgery and numerous stitches. Her mother, Sherri White, was still at work at a dentist's office when she got a frantic call from nine-year-old Camryn and raced to St John's hospital. 'When I saw her there was a huge gaping hole,' she told the newspaper. 'You could see inside her neck and... there were muscles hanging out of her arm.' Payton suffered two skull fractures and multiple lacerations on her head, neck, arm and body. She was later transferred to The Children's Hospital at Saint Francis where she underwent six hours of surgery and received hundreds of stitches, her father told News on 6. 'It was a really long night, and I was really scared that my child wasn't going to make it,' White told the Tulsa World. 'If he had gotten any closer to that artery, we would have lost her.' Injured: Payton is pictured in hospital after the dog grabbed her and bit into her neck, back and arms. Recovery: Payton, pictured left and right in hospital with her mother, remained in hospital for eight days. Fears: Her mother, Sherri White, said she couldn't believe her daughter's injuries when she arrived at hospital. The family remained at the hospital for eight days and they have been returning for physical therapy and counseling. Payton is back home and grinned for photos for the Tulsa World - but behind the smiles, are new fears, her mother said. She is now terrified of neighborhood dogs she previously played with and that, in the aftermath of the attack, she has become increasingly 'cranky'. The incident has also set back her attending classes at kindergarten. The little girl has also been suffering from headaches and vomiting, exacerbated by her nerves since the incident, and also has PTSD, according to a Facebook page set up by the family. 'It's pretty much flipped our lives upside-down in every way,' White said. 'It's going to be a really long road.' Attack: She had been on her bike with her sister last month when the neighbor's dog began circling them. Scene: The neighbor killed the two-year-old dog, a Rottweiler-Bullmastiff mix, on the day of the attack. Cassie White, an aunt who set up the Facebook page as well as a fundraising page, has moved closer to the family to watch over the little girl. 'She doesn't really sleep,' she said. 'She's been having nightmares.' The dog, Harley, was shot dead by his owner on the day of the attack, according to authorities, who said the killing did not break any laws. White claims that the owner mistreated the dog and had failed to keep him away from the neighborhood children. She said her other daughter had previously been attacked by the dog. It is a misdemeanor to allow a dog that has previously bitten or injured someone to repeat the behavior, but the sheriff's office didn't have any records showing the dog had a history of violence. See below for video.

Highlights: