Definition: In this task, you need to write an incorrect answer to the given question. Along with the question, you are also given the correct answer(s) and the associated paragraph. An incorrect answer should be closely related to the content of the paragraph and/or the question but will not truthfully answer the question. Your incorrect answers should be similar to the given correct answer such that it will pose a challenge for students to distinguish the two. A good incorrect answer should prevent those who skip the paragraph from answering the question. The incorrect answer should not be trivial, in the sense that they should not be easily eliminated without reading the paragraph.
Input: Paragraph- Sent 1: In chapters 3 and 4 we described how the U.S. government adjusted its existing agencies and capacities to address the emerging threat from Usama  Bin Laden and his associates.
Sent 2: After the August 1998 bombings of the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, President Bill Clinton and his chief aides explored ways of getting  Bin Laden expelled from Afghanistan or possibly capturing or even killing him.
Sent 3: Although disruption efforts around the world had achieved some successes, the core of  Bin Laden's organization remained intact.
Sent 4: President Clinton was deeply concerned about  Bin Laden.
Sent 5: He and his national security advisor, Samuel "Sandy" Berger, ensured they had a special daily pipeline of reports feeding them the latest updates on  Bin Laden's reported location.
Sent 6: In public, President Clinton spoke repeatedly about the threat of terrorism, referring to terrorist training camps but saying little about  Bin Laden and nothing about al Qaeda.
Sent 7: He explained to us that this was deliberate-intended to avoid enhancing  Bin Laden's stature by giving him unnecessary publicity.
Sent 8: His speeches focused especially on the danger of nonstate actors and of chemical and biological weapons.
Sent 9: As the millennium approached, the most publicized worries were not about terrorism but about computer breakdowns-the Y2K scare.
Sent 10: Some government officials were concerned that terrorists would take advantage of such breakdowns.
Sent 11: On November 30, 1999, Jordanian intelligence intercepted a telephone call between Abu Zubaydah, a longtime ally of  Bin Laden, and Khadr Abu Hoshar, a Palestinian extremist.
Sent 12: Abu Zubaydah said, "The time for training is over."Sent 13: Suspecting that this was a signal for Abu Hoshar to commence a terrorist operation, Jordanian police arrested Abu Hoshar and 15 others and informed Washington.
Sent 14: One of the 16, Raed Hijazi, had been born in California to Palestinian parents; after spending his childhood in the Middle East, he had returned to northern California, taken refuge in extremist Islamist beliefs, and then made his way to Abu Zubaydah's Khaldan camp in Afghanistan, where he learned the fundamentals of guerrilla warfare.
Sent 15: He and his younger brother had been recruited by Abu Hoshar into a loosely knit plot to attack Jewish and American targets in Jordan.
Sent 16: After late 1996, when Abu Hoshar was arrested and jailed, Hijazi moved back to the United States, worked as a cabdriver in Boston, and sent money back to his fellow plotters.
Sent 17: After Abu Hoshar's release, Hijazi shuttled between Boston and Jordan gathering money and supplies.
Sent 18: With Abu Hoshar, he recruited inTurkey and Syria as well as Jordan; with Abu Zubaydah's assistance, Abu Hoshar sent these recruits to Afghanistan for training. 
Question: National security advisor Samuel Berger and who insured they had daily reports on  Bin Laden's reported location.
Output: