Question: The river loses nearly two-thirds of its potential flow in the Inner Delta between Ségou and Timbuktu to seepage and evaporation. All the water from the Bani River, which flows into the Delta at Mopti, does not compensate for the' losses'. The average' loss' is estimated at 31 km / year, but varies considerably between years. The river is then joined by various tributaries, but also loses more water to evaporation. The quantity of water entering Nigeria measured in Yola was estimated at 25 km / year before the 1980s and at 13.5 km / year during the 1980s. The most important tributary of the Niger in Nigeria is the Benue River which merges with the river at Lokoja in Nigeria. The total volume of tributaries in Nigeria is six times higher than the inflow into Nigeria, with a flow near the mouth of the river standing at 177.0 km / year before the 1980s and 147.3 km / year during the 1980s.

Answer this question based on the passage: where did river niger and river benue meet?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: The most important tributary of the Niger in Nigeria is the Benue River which merges with the river at Lokoja in Nigeria. The answer is at Lokoja in Nigeria.

Question: Although the work is not gnostic in a theological sense, the author, who considers himself to be a teacher to the unidentified audience to which he writes (see e.g. 9.9), intends to impart to his readers the perfect gnosis (knowledge), that they may perceive that the Christians are the only true covenant people, and that the Jewish people are no longer in covenant with God (3.7). His polemics are, above all, directed against Judaizing Christians (see Ebionites, Nazarenes, Judaizing teachers).

Based on this passage, what is the main message of the epistle of barnabas?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: Although the work is not gnostic in a theological sense, the author, who considers himself to be a teacher to the unidentified audience to which he writes (see e.g. 9.9), intends to impart to his readers the perfect gnosis (knowledge), that they may perceive that the Christians are the only true covenant people, and that the Jewish people are no longer in covenant with God (3.7). The answer is the perfect gnosis ( knowledge ) , that they may perceive that the Christians are the only true covenant people , and that the Jewish people are no longer in covenant with God ( 3.7 ).

Question: The sixth season of the American ABC fantasy-drama Once Upon a Time was ordered on March 3, 2016. It debuted on September 25, 2016, and concluded on May 14, 2017. In January 2017, it was stated that the sixth season would end the main storyline, and for a seventh season, the series would be softly rebooted with a new storyline.

Answer this question: when does season 6 of once upon a time start?
Answer: The relevant information is: It debuted on September 25, 2016, and concluded on May 14, 2017. The answer is September 25 , 2016.

Question: Context: There have been 52 total women in the United States Senate since its establishment in 1789. The first woman who served as a U.S. Senator, Rebecca Latimer Felton, represented Georgia for a single day in 1922. The first woman elected to the Senate was Hattie Caraway from Arkansas in 1932. Fifteen of the women who have served were appointed; seven of those were appointed to succeed their deceased husbands. As of April 9, 2018 when Cindy Hyde-Smith of Mississippi was sworn in, the 115th United States Congress has 23 female Senators out of 100 (23 %), three more than both the 113th and 114th Congresses, and an all-time high.

Question: who was the first woman elected to the us senate?
Answer: