Please briefly summarize this news article:

Advertising - Coca-Cola TV Ads To Begin - NYTimes.com

YESTERDAY, 2,000 Coca-Cola bottlers were in Atlanta to see the new advertising from McCann-Erickson that goes with the previously announced new theme line, ''Coke is it.''

Tonight, the client and agency estimate, 95 million Americans will see the first of the television commercials that have engaged the talents of scores of amateurs and professionals for more than a year. That's if you consider all of the painstaking consumer research to insure that Coke would receive advertising worth sinking more than $40 million into. And that sum does not include the money bottlers will be spending.

All three networks will be carrying a spot at 9:15 P.M. That's called ''roadblocking,'' or no escape. Altogether, the agency shot eight 60-second and 30-second commercals in Houston, Santa Paula, Calif., Los Angeles, Dallas and at Grambling State University in Louisiana.

The finished products have John F. Bergin, a convert from the Pepsi creative team who is now worldwide director of the Coke account at the agency, bubbling with enthusiasm. And at a preview, attended by Sergio Zyman, vice president for marketing operations of Coca-Cola U.S.A., Mr. Bergin talked excitedly about the new line, the music that goes with it and the ''unabashed product presence'' in the commercials.

''The music is a piece of dynamite,'' the copywriter said. ''It's like a football fight song. Usually you get a languid ballad. We were looking for a big, bold sound, and a big, bold statement. This isn't an ipsy-pipsy drink and the music says that loud and clear.''

The music was composed by Ginny Redington and arranged by her husband, Tom Dawes. It was one of 18 pieces submitted by outside music suppliers that were presented to the client along with 36 proposed lines that were candidates to replace the old line, ''Have a Coke and a Smile.''

This collection was narrowed to five lines and six musical pieces. Then the lines were typed separately and shown to consumers who were asked what they meant to them. Then each line was attached to an old bit of advertising art work and the question asked again.

And then each of the lines and each of the pieces of music were added to different bits of old commercial footage and retested, but this time in group sessions. Gallup & Robinson, the research company, followed up with day-after recall tests.

There was also what Mr. Bergin called a test for ''the quality of communication.'' On top of all that there were 200 one-on-one consumer interviews that went on for two hours or more. All this, said Mr. Bergin, whose other title is president, McCann-Erickson U.S.A., led to the final decision on ''Coke is it.''

Mr. Bergin said that those three little words reflect ''the product and w hat it is in the eyes of the consumer, t he mood of the company, aggressive management and bottlers,'' adding, ''The total marketing concept, a state of mind.''

Later, he said: ''It means something only as we shape it to mean something. Big taste. Refreshment.'' And that is worth reflecting on. Coke has spent millions of dollars over the years imprinting the image of its bottle in our minds. With the bottle and logo having insinuated itself into every corner of American life, all that the company has to do for it to benefit is find the key phrase with the right art and music.

Coca-Cola, which spent $184.2 million for advertising all of its products in 1980, sank $37 million behind Coke itself, a drop of 11 percent from the previous year, according to Leading National Advertisers. That figure includes all major measured media execept newspaper and spot radio.