Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) 
  
 Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
  
 Expecting at 46 , Halle Berry isn’t the only Hollywood star who has gotten pregnant in her forties! 
  
 From big screen bombshells to the sexiest superstars in the business, a slew of sexy stars have given birth to children well into their forties. RadarOnline.com has photos and details of the most high-profile pregnancies of older stars. 
  
 PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Have Gotten Pregnant Over 40 
  
 Mira Sorvino gave birth to her last child when she was 44, while Kelly Preston was 48 when she and John Travolta, who was 56, welcomed their son Benjamin. 
  
 Mariah Carey was blessed with totally cute twins, Moroccan and Monroe, otherwise known as DemBabies when she was 42, and Madonna gave birth to her last child, Rocco Ritchie , at the same age. 
  
 HLN host Nancy Grace was 47 when she brought her twins, John David and Lucy, into the world. Desperate Housewives star Marcia Cross also got pregnant with twins Eden and Savannah when she was 44. 
  
 Which other stars have given birth over 40? Find out by clicking here. ||||| Dimitrios Kambouris / Getty Images 
  
 Halle Berry is speaking out about her pregnancy for the first time since confirming last week that she and her fiancé Olivier Martinez are expecting their first child together. 
  
  
  
 "I feel fantastic. This has been the biggest surprise of my life, to tell you the truth," Berry said in an interview with CNN. "I thought I was kind of past the point where this could be a reality for me," the 46-year-old actress added. "So it's been a big surprise and the most wonderful." 
  
  
  
 In the interview, Berry said she doesn't know yet if she is having boy, as has been reported by some media outlets. Berry -- who confirmed her engagement to Martinez, 47, about a year ago -- already has a five-year-old daughter, Nahla, with her ex-boyfriend, Gabriel Aubry. 
  
 PICS: Star Sightings 
  
 The star also talked about her new collaboration with designer Michael Kors on a philanthropic campaign in association with the United Nations World Food Programme, which provides meals to needy children throughout the world. 
  
  
  
 The star also talked about her new collaboration with designer Michael Kors on a philanthropic campaign called Watch Hunger Stop in association with the United Nations World Food Programme, which provides meals to needy children throughout the world. 
  
  
  
 Berry and Kors will jointly visit impoverished areas where the meals will be delivered, including locations in Africa and Syria. "I hope we go while I'm pregnant, so I can talk about prenatal care," she said. 
  
  
  
 RELATED: Halle Berry Is Pregnant! 
  
 More On: Halle Berry, Olivier Martinez ||||| When the news broke that Halle Berry is pregnant with her second child at the ripe old age of 46, most of us reacted with something along the lines of, "Good luck, honey ... hope you're ready!" 
  
 Sure, we're happy for her and all, but it's pretty tough for a lot of women to imagine being pregnant (not to mention dealing with a newborn) well into their 40s. But even though Halle admits finding out she is pregnant was the biggest surprise of her life, everything does happen for a reason -- and age is only a number anyway, right? 
  
 That seems to be the philosophy of quite a few other women in Hollywood -- like Kelly Preston, for instance. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?