Information:  - Portugal (Portuguese: ), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: ), is a country on the Iberian Peninsula in Southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe. To the west and south it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and to the east and north by Spain. The PortugalSpain border is long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union. The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, both autonomous regions with their own regional governments.  - Martifer is a multinational group based in Oliveira de Frades, Portugal, with over 3,000 employees, focusing its activity on the metal construction and renewable energy areas.  - Renewable energy is energy that is collected from renewable resources, which are naturally replenished on a human timescale, such as sunlight, wind, rain, tides, waves, and geothermal heat. Renewable energy often provides energy in four important areas: electricity generation, air and water heating/cooling, transportation, and rural (off-grid) energy services.  - The European Union (EU) is a political and economic union of member states that are located primarily in Europe. It has an area of , and an estimated population of over 510 million. The EU has developed an internal single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services, and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs, and maintain common policies on trade, agriculture, fisheries, and regional development. Within the Schengen Area, passport controls have been abolished. A monetary union was established in 1999 and came into full force in 2002, and is composed of 19 EU member states which use the euro currency.  - Estaleiros Navais de Viana do Castelo ( ENVC ) is a medium sized shipyard in business since 1944 , located in the town of Viana do Castelo , on the Atlantic Coast in the very north of Portugal . Occupying an area of 400.000 sqm and employing 625 people , it is a major Portuguese shipbuilder . In 2013 it 's assets and operations are sub-licensed to Martifer and its employees are to be laid off .  - Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) is one of the major shipbuilding and maintenance facilities in India. It is part of a line of maritime-related facilities in the port-city of Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India.  - Cochin Shipyard A shipyard (also called a dockyard) is a place where ships are repaired and built. These can be yachts, military vessels, cruise liners or other cargo or passenger ships. Dockyards are sometimes more associated with maintenance and basing activities than shipyards, which are sometimes associated more with initial construction. The terms are routinely used interchangeably, in part because the evolution of dockyards and shipyards has often caused them to change or merge roles.  - A yacht is a recreational boat or ship. The term originates from the Dutch word "jacht" "hunt", and was originally defined as a light fast sailing vessel used by the Dutch navy to pursue pirates and other transgressors around and into the shallow waters of the Low Countries. After its selection by Charles II of England as the vessel to carry him to England from the Netherlands for his restoration in 1660 it came to be used to mean a vessel used to convey important persons.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'envc shipyard' with the relationship of 'industry'.  Choices: - agriculture  - cargo  - construction  - renewable energy  - sailing  - shipbuilding  - yacht
Answer: