By. Mark Duell. and Rebecca Camber. This is the mafia don who will be allowed to return to his life of hiding in Britain after a blunder by prosecutors seeking his extradition to Italy. Domenico Rancadore, who had covered his face with a scarf when arriving and leaving court, was pictured yesterday during the last, farcical stages of his legal battle. Rancadore was told in court that he would not have to face justice at home because prosecutors had missed the deadline to appeal against a decision to allow him to stay in Britain – by a matter of hours. Scroll down for video. This is Domenico Rancadore, the mafia don who will be allowed to return to his life of hiding in Britain after a blunder by prosecutors seeking his extradition to Italy. Legal wranglings: The couple leave Westminster Magistrates' Court after the hearing, which was told that an appeal against the ruling had been lodged by the CPS but was not served within the statutory time limit. The blunder means Rancadore can settle. back into the quiet existence he built himself over two decades in the. London suburb of Uxbridge. In. Italy, he had been sentenced in his absence to seven years in jail for. running Cosa Nostra, a branch of the Sicilian mafia involved in. extortion, racketeering and drug trafficking. Last. week a judge ruled that he could not be sent back after a European. Court of Human Rights ruling was upheld in the High Court, saying that. chronic overcrowding in Italian jails breaches human rights laws. However, senior district judge Howard Riddle invited prosecutors to appeal. Long-running case: Rancadore and his wife report at Uxbridge Police Station in West London on March 18. But yesterday, the 65-year-old was told that he would face no further proceedings. Westminster magistrates heard that the. Crown Prosecution Service had lodged an appeal at the High Court. But. they failed to serve papers to Rancadore’s solicitors until Tuesday. afternoon – just 14 hours after the seven-day deadline. The High Court will formally dismiss the appeal within days, while prosecutors have already withdrawn the claim. Yesterday. district judge Quentin Purdy said: ‘There is an agreement there are no. future proceedings against you. You’re free to go as far as this court. is concerned.’ Free man: Rancadore, 65, is pictured again with his wife Anne (left) and in an archived police mugshot (right) He granted. Rancadore unconditional bail, pending the formal dismissal of the. appeal. His decision came after chaotic scenes in which prosecutors. failed to show for the hearing. Afterwards the  father-of-two wandered. outside court with his 60-year-old English wife Anne shaking his head. saying: ‘I am confused. I do not have to sign any papers?’ His wife insisted: ‘My husband really hasn’t done anything wrong. He’s not what he’s been portrayed as. House: The home of Rancadore, who lived incognito in Uxbridge, west London, using the name Marc Skinner. ‘I’m just happy he’s home. He can go out and look after his front garden now without worrying he is being watched.’ Since. 1994 Rancadore has been hiding from Italian police, living in a. bungalow in Uxbridge under the name Marc Skinner. He was arrested last. August by Scotland Yard, and claimed to have come to the UK to give his. wife and their children Giuseppe and Daniela, now 36 and 33. respectively, ‘a good life’. He had been sentenced to jail in Italy in. 1999. Rancadore’s solicitor Karen Todner said: ‘This case has been a farce.’ A. CPS spokeman said: ‘The appeal against the decision of the district. judge has been withdrawn as we did not serve notice of the appeal on the. defence.’
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: