Choose your answer: is the following review positive or negative?

I normally color my own hair but I was looking for a major change - going from blond to wanting to add a lot of brown with blond highlights.  I was referred to this salon and told they would do a cut and color for $45.  As a single mom, that price was right up my alley.  I met with Gavin and I thought he really listened to what I was looking for and what I really didn't want.  I was very clear that I did not want my hair to be ashy in any way, shape or form, that I was looking for a very rich brown and if he didn't think that would work to please let me know.    In regards to my cut I showed him some other ideas but told him I was open.  He said he didn't really know what to do about the cut but we would talk about that after he did the color.   He looked at the photos I brought in and told me some of the color ideas I brought may be too dark and he acted like he understood what I wanted.  In hindsight, I did the majority of talking and he really didn't talk to me about what colors would work best nor did he show me any samples of color. He mixed up color and came back and started working on my hair.  He was very pleasant and made a bit of small talk.  He seemed to be very thorough with the application but I did notice that he didn't seem to be putting the color all the way to my roots (and there were grays that needed to be covered) but it's been a long time since I've had my hair done professionally and I figured it was o.k.   One comment he made while doing my hair was that the lighting in the salon was not very good.  He said when he does blondes a lot of them freak out because they see red tones in their hair, which he says is due to the lighting.   When he took the foils out it was hard to get a good idea of the true color (due to the lighting and it was dark outside which made the salon dark) but the ends looked really, really dark.  He still had no ideas on what to do with my hair and trimmed the back and told me he would do the bangs and angle the sides toward my face.   He didn't seem to spend much time on the front of my hair and then said he wanted to blow dry it and see where we were and he'd finish the cut from there.  He was blow drying and it seemed like all of a sudden he was bored, stopped and said we were done.  He never checked the cut in the front and didn't even brush it out - just stopped blow drying.   I went to give him my debit card only to be told that he forgot the card swipper for his phone at home.  I had to go to the bank, get cash and run it back.  When I got home and looked at my hair in real light I about cried.   The color was ALL ash and large sections were extremely dark, like the hair grabbed too much color.  Pretty much everything I said I didn't want.   My bangs are too short to pull over to the side, I have 2 clumps of hair on either side of my head that end at about my cheekbones - there does not seem to be any angling or layering at all.   I noticed today that when I pull my hair up you can see all the gray at my roots - he didn't color the roots at all (which reminds me, toward the end of my cut he told me if I wanted to use my box color to touch up the roots, I could - what stylist tells their client they can do that??) I tried calling to give him a chance to fix it. (I can't afford to go to another salon to have the cut and color fixed) When I did Frank answered and asked me to call back the next morning at 9 a.m.  I did as I was asked and was told that Gavin hadn't come in yet but Frank took my name and number and said he would have Gavin call me.  That was 3 days ago and I'm still waiting.

Select from:
+ negative;
+ positive;