Problem:"Lyin' Eyes" is a song written by Don Henley and Glenn Frey and recorded in 1975 by the American rock band the Eagles, with Frey singing lead vocals. It was the second single from their album One of These Nights, reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and No. 8 on the Billboard Country chart. It remained their only top 40 country hit until "How Long" in 2007 -- 2008.

Answer this question: who was the lead singer of lyin eyes?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: "Lyin' Eyes" is a song written by Don Henley and Glenn Frey and recorded in 1975 by the American rock band the Eagles, with Frey singing lead vocals.
Glenn Frey.

Student A:Oceanic crust is continuously being created at mid-ocean ridges. As plates diverge at these ridges, magma rises into the upper mantle and crust. As it moves away from the ridge, the lithosphere becomes cooler and denser, and sediment gradually builds on top of it. The youngest oceanic lithosphere is at the oceanic ridges, and it gets progressively older away from the ridges.

Where would the oldest oceanic crust be found?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The youngest oceanic lithosphere is at the oceanic ridges, and it gets progressively older away from the ridges.
away from the ridges.

Problem:"I Am a Child of God" is a Latter-day Saint hymn and song for children. The lyrics were written in 1957 by Naomi W. Randall and set to music by Mildred Tanner Pettit. The song has been translated into over 90 languages. The phrase "I Am a Child of God" is also used in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) as a declaration of a basic teaching of the church.

Who wrote i am a child of god?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: The lyrics were written in 1957 by Naomi W. Randall and set to music by Mildred Tanner Pettit.
The lyrics were written in 1957 by Naomi W. Randall and set to music by Mildred Tanner Pettit.

Student A:There are over 2,500 police dogs employed amongst the various police forces in the UK, with the German Shepherd as the most popular breed for general purpose work. The Belgian Malinois is also gaining in popularity; in 2008, a Belgian Malinois female handled by PC Graham Clarke won the National Police Dog Trials with the highest score ever recorded.

Answer this question: how many police dogs are there in the uk?
Student B:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: There are over 2,500 police dogs employed amongst the various police forces in the UK, with the German Shepherd as the most popular breed for general purpose work.
2,500.

Problem:Context: Bring It On: The Musical is a musical with music by Tom Kitt and Lin-Manuel Miranda, lyrics by Amanda Green and Miranda, and a book by Jeff Whitty. The musical is loosely based on the 2000 film of the same name and focuses on the competitive world of cheerleading and over-the-top team rivalries.

Question: who wrote the music for bring it on the musical?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Bring It On: The Musical is a musical with music by Tom Kitt and Lin-Manuel Miranda, lyrics by Amanda Green and Miranda, and a book by Jeff Whitty.
Tom Kitt and Lin - Manuel Miranda.

Problem:Lieutenant Roberts was assigned as Judge Advocate on the USS Seahawk during the beginning of the War on Terrorism in 2002. He lost a leg trying to save a boy from a field of landmines in Afghanistan that year. He was transferred back to JAG HQ after his operation and proving that he was still able to meet the fitness requirements of the U.S. Navy.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did bud lose his leg in jag?
Solution: