Donald Trump Returns Fire, Calling Hillary Clinton a ‘World-Class Liar’

Donald J. Trump delivered a scathing attack on Hillary Clinton’s record on Wednesday, accusing her of being a “world-class liar” and incompetent while trying to lay out a positive vision for America in a major speech intended to put his sputtering presidential campaign back on the offensive.

The remarks came amid a rough stretch for Mr. Trump, who this week fired his campaign manager, reported weak fund-raising numbers and was trailing Mrs. Clinton in most polls. Seeking to regain his footing, he unleashed a torrent of criticism at his rival interspersed with his own policy proposals.

“Hillary Clinton wants to be president, but she doesn’t have the temperament, or, as Bernie Sanders said, the judgment, to be president,” Mr. Trump said.

Mr. Trump assailed Mrs. Clinton for supporting trade policies that he said harmed American workers, and said that as secretary of state she was responsible for the creation of the Islamic State and for chaos in the Middle East. He explicitly blamed Mrs. Clinton for the death of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens in Benghazi, Libya, calling her a liar who ignored his requests for help.

“Her decisions spread death, destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched,” he said.

Mr. Trump’s own policies have been under siege recently, as Mrs. Clinton has taken him on more aggressively. Last week, Mrs. Clinton said that he was not fit to have his hands on the country’s nuclear codes, and on Tuesday she warned that his business record suggested that he would sink the nation’s economy if he was elected president.

Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, delivered a speech in New York on Wednesday, in which he went after Hillary Clinton on emails, Benghazi and the Clinton Foundation.

Mr. Trump rebutted those assertions during his speech in New York on Wednesday, describing himself as a humble entrepreneur.

“I started off in Brooklyn, New York, not so long ago, with a small loan and built a business worth over $10 billion,” said Mr. Trump, who actually got a $1 million loan from his father decades ago. “I have always had a talent for building businesses and, importantly, creating jobs.”

He added, “That is a talent our country desperately needs.”

The speech represented Mr. Trump’s most high-profile performance since he reset his campaign by firing Corey Lewandowski, his campaign manager, on Monday morning. Since Mr. Lewandowski’s departure, Mr. Trump has unveiled a more active rapid response operation and announced a wave of new hires.

Some of Mr. Trump’s policy proposals were more tempered than they have been in other venues. When discussing the influx of refugees from the Middle East, he did not mention his provocative ban on Muslim migration. And instead of calling Muslims complicit in terrorist acts, he said that most of them were innocent victims.

“ISIS also threatens peaceful Muslims across the Middle East, and peaceful Muslims across the world, who have been terribly victimized by horrible brutality — and who only want to raise their kids in peace and safety,” Mr. Trump said, using another name for the Islamic State.

Mr. Trump, who regularly paints a dire picture of America’s declining stature, tried to adopt a more hopeful tenor when describing the kind of president he would be. He argued that he, not Mrs. Clinton, would improve the predicaments of the poor and minorities.

“We stopped believing in what America could do, and became reliant on other countries, other people, and other institutions,” Mr. Trump said. “We lost our sense of purpose, and daring. But that’s not who we are.”

Write a one or two sentence summary.