Information:  - The term "plate glass university" (or "plateglass university" or "plate-glass university") refers to a group of universities established or expanded in the United Kingdom during the mid-twentieth century. In 1963, the Robbins Report on higher education recommended a major expansion of the British university system, which was realised through the establishment of nine completely new universities and the conversion of the ten existing Colleges of Advanced Technology into full universities. While the Robbins Report was responsible for the broader policy that governed the early development of these institutions Lord Robbins was not responsible for most of the individual institutions as many applications for reclassification had already been accepted by the University Grants Committee in the later 1950s/early 1960s.  - A cuisine (; from French , in turn from Latin "coquere" "to cook") is a style of cooking characterized by distinctive ingredients, techniques and dishes, and usually associated with a specific culture or geographic region. A cuisine is primarily influenced by the ingredients that are available locally or through trade. Religious food laws, such as Hindu, Islamic and Jewish dietary laws, can also exercise a strong influence on cuisine. Regional food preparation traditions, customs and ingredients often combine to create dishes unique to a particular region.  - York is a historic walled city at the confluence of the rivers Ouse and Foss in North Yorkshire, England. The municipality is the traditional county town of Yorkshire to which it gives its name. The city has a rich heritage and has provided the backdrop to major political events in England throughout much of its two millennia of existence. The city offers a wealth of historic attractions, of which York Minster is the most prominent, and a variety of cultural and sporting activities making it a popular tourist destination for millions.  - A kitchen is a room or part of a room used for cooking and food preparation in a dwelling or in a commercial establishment. In the West, a modern residential kitchen is typically equipped with a stove, a sink with hot and cold running water, a refrigerator, counters and kitchen cabinets arranged according to a modular design. Many households have a microwave oven, a dishwasher and other electric appliances. The main function of a kitchen is serving as a location for storing, cooking and preparing food (and doing related tasks such as dishwashing), but it may also be used for dining, entertaining and laundry.  - The disappearance of Claudia Lawrence is a missing person case concerning a then - 35 - year - old British chef at the University of York . The last confirmed sighting of her was on 18 March 2009 , in Melrosegate , Heworth , York .  - The University of York (abbreviated as Ebor. for post-nominals) is a research-intensive plate glass university located in the city of York, England. Established in 1963, the campus university has expanded to more than thirty departments and centres, covering a wide range of subjects.  - A chef is a highly trained and skilled professional cook who is proficient in all aspects of food preparation of a particular cuisine. The word "chef" is derived (and shortened) from the term "chef de cuisine", the director or head of a kitchen. Chefs can receive both formal training from an institution, as well as through apprenticeship with an experienced chef.     Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'occupation' with the subject 'disappearance of claudia lawrence'.  Choices: - chef  - commercial  - cook  - major  - research  - united kingdom