Write highlights for this article:

Britain should have no fear of quitting the European Union, which could ‘open up opportunities’ for the country, a senior Tory minister says today. Culture Secretary Sajid Javid, increasingly tipped as a future party leader, said he was not concerned about Britain’s prospects outside the EU if people voted to leave in a referendum. ‘I think it would open up opportunities. I am not afraid of that at all,’ he told the Daily Mail in a wide-ranging interview. Culture Secretary Sajid Javid, increasingly tipped as a future party leader, said he was not concerned about Britain’s prospects outside the EU if people voted to leave in a referendum. He said it could 'open opportunities' The Tories’ pledge to give people their first say on Britain’s place in Europe for nearly 40 years – and a commitment to stop European human rights judges interfering in British law – will be centrepieces of the party’s pitch at next year’s general election. The Prime Minister will unveil plans to curtail the role of the controversial European Court of Human Rights in the UK at the final Conservative Party conference before the election, which starts this weekend in Birmingham. He is expected to pledge to scrap Labour’s Human Rights Act and replace it with a British Bill of Rights. Mr Cameron will promise a mechanism which will establish pre-eminence for Britain’s Parliament and Supreme Court, allowing them to over-ride Strasbourg rulings, according to sources. Mr Javid backed the Prime Minister’s plan to renegotiate looser ties with Brussels before holding a referendum by the end of 2017. ‘We have reason to be confident,’ he said. ‘Look at what we have already achieved – getting us out of the EU bailout fund, reducing the budget of the EU, vetoing a treaty.’ But the Culture Secretary went further than Mr Cameron on the possibility of an exit, insisting Britain could prosper outside the EU. ‘If you said to me: “Are you worried or frightened or concerned that the British people might vote to leave?”, that doesn’t frighten me,’ Mr Javid said. The Culture Secretary backed Prime Minister David Cameron’s plan to renegotiate looser ties with Brussels before holding a referendum by 2017. ‘We should have a referendum on in/out, and if the British people decide Britain is better off outside, I would respect that decision. I think it would open up opportunities. I am not afraid of that at all.’ The European Convention on Human Rights, which is enshrined in British law by the Human Rights Act, has become increasingly unpopular with most Conservatives. Critics say the Strasbourg court has roamed way beyond its remit and created new rights never intended by the founders of the convention – such as its recent attempt to insist Britain must overturn a blanket ban on prisoners voting in elections. The ECHR has also been cited by dozens of people fighting deportation, who have argued its provisions mean they are entitled to various rights to be considered, including the right to a family life. Mr Cameron is understood to be convinced that much anti-European sentiment is due to Strasbourg rulings preventing the removal of foreign-born criminals and terror suspects, though the convention and the court in fact have nothing to do with Brussels. Two of the Government’s biggest defenders of the court – former Attorney General Dominic Grieve and veteran Cabinet minister Kenneth Clarke – were sacked in the Prime Minister’s Cabinet reshuffle this summer. ‘This issue is now going to be dealt with,’ said one government source. Tory strategists also hope a harder line on human rights laws will help win over disaffected voters considering backing Ukip.

Highlights: