Information:  - Highway 22 (AR 22, Ark. 22, and Hwy. 22) is an eastwest state highway in the Arkansas River Valley. The highway runs from US Highway 64/US Highway 71B (US 64/US 71B) east to Highway 7 in Dardanelle. The highway is one of the original 1926 state highways, and is maintained by the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation Department (AHTD).  - A county seat is an administrative center, seat of government, or capital city of a county or civil parish. The term is used in the United States, Canada, Romania, China and Taiwan. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, county towns have a similar function.  - Highway 45 ( AR 45 , Ark. 45 , or Hwy. 45 ) is a designation for three state highways in northwest Arkansas . The southern segment of 26.97 miles ( 43.40 km ) runs from Highway 96 north across US Route 71 ( US 71 ) to Interstate 540/US 71 ( I - 540/US 71 ) in Fort Smith . Another segment of 10.64 miles ( 17.12 km ) runs Highway 59 at Dutch Mills to US 62 in rural Washington County . A third route of 25.42 miles ( 40.91 km ) runs from U.S. Route 71B ( US 71B ) in Fayetteville to Highway 12 near Clifty . These routes were formerly connected until a portion of approximately 50 miles ( 80 km ) was redesignated Arkansas Highway 59 and many United States highways were rerouted through Fayetteville .  - Oklahoma (Cherokee: "Asgaya gigageyi" /  ; or transliterated from English as  ("òàlàhoma"), Pawnee: "Uukuhuúwa", Cayuga: "Gahnawiyogeh") is a state located in the South Central United States. Oklahoma is the 20th-most extensive and the 28th-most populous of the 50 United States. The state's name is derived from the Choctaw words "okla" and "humma", meaning "red people". It is also known informally by its nickname, "The Sooner State", in reference to the non-Native settlers who staked their claims on the choicest pieces of land before the official opening date, and the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889, which opened the door for white settlement in America's Indian Territory. The name was settled upon statehood, Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged and Indian was dropped from the name. On November 16, 1907, Oklahoma became the 46th state to enter the union. Its residents are known as "Oklahomans", or informally "Okies", and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City.  - Missouri (see pronunciations) is a state in the Midwestern region of the United States, achieving statehood in 1821. With over six million residents, it is the eighteenth most populous state and host to the mean center of United States population. The largest urban areas are St. Louis, Kansas City, Springfield, and Columbia. The capitol is in Jefferson City on the Missouri River. The state is the twenty-first most extensive by area and is geographically diverse. The Northern Plains were once covered by glaciers, then tallgrass prairie, and now the deep soils yield great agricultural productivity. In the South are the Ozarks, a forested highland, providing timber, minerals, and recreation. The Mississippi River forms the eastern border of the state, eventually flowing into the swampy Missouri Bootheel.  - Arkansas Highway 59 is a northsouth state highway in Northwest Arkansas. The route runs from Arkansas Highway 22 in Barling north to the Missouri state line through Van Buren, the county seat of Crawford County. Highway 59 parallels US 59 (in Oklahoma) between Siloam Springs and Fort Smith.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'owned by' with the subject 'arkansas highway 45'.  Choices: - arkansas  - arkansas state highway and transportation department  - city  - kansas city  - united kingdom
A: