Information:  - The United Arab Emirates ('), sometimes simply called the Emirates (') or the UAE, is a federal absolute monarchy in Western Asia at the southeast end of the Arabian Peninsula on the Persian Gulf, bordering Oman to the east and Saudi Arabia to the south, as well as sharing maritime borders with Qatar to the west and Iran to the north. In 2013, the UAE's population was 9.2 million, of which 1.4 million are Emirati citizens and 7.8 million are expatriates.  - Dubai International Capital ( DIC ) is the international investment arm of Dubai Holding , a global conglomerate and sovereign wealth fund of the government of Dubai and its ruling family and has been over-leveraged to the point whereby the company is not able to service its interest payments in a normal fashion . DIC invests private funds on behalf of Dubai Holding and several large third - party investors around the world with a mandate to build a portfolio of internationally diversified assets . DIC , which was founded in 2004 , invests in public and private equity through three divisions : Private Equity : Invests in mid-cap companies in Europe and North America with a focus on secondary buy - outs that include Travelodge , Merlin Entertainments , Doncasters , Mauser , Alliance Medical and Almatis . Emerging Markets : Manages a broad investment program across the Middle East and North Africa region , including LBOs , funds and co-investments , infrastructure , growth and development capital Public Equities : Focused on investment in Fortune 500 companies through its DFSA regulated US $ 1.5 billion Global Strategic Equities Fund . The fund has invested in global leaders such as Sony and EADS .  - Dubai Holding is a global investment holding company that develops and manages an extensive portfolio of companies focused on investments, financial services, real estate, specialised business parks, telecommunications and hospitality. It is majority owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the Ruler of Dubai, and the primary founder of Dubai Inc.).   - Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (Arabic:      born 15 July 1949), is the vice president and prime minister of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Emir of Dubai. Since his accession in 2006, after the death of his brother Sheikh Maktoum, he has undertaken reforms in the UAE's government, starting with the UAE Federal Government Strategy in April, 2007. In 2010 he launched the UAE vision 2021 with the aim of making the UAE one of the best countries in the world by 2021.  - Dubai (; "") is the most populous city in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai, one of the seven emirates that make up the country. Abu Dhabi and Dubai are the only two emirates to have veto power over critical matters of national importance in the country's legislature. The city of Dubai is located on the emirate's northern coastline and heads up the Dubai-Sharjah-Ajman metropolitan area. Dubai is to host World Expo 2020.  - Abu Dhabi (US , UK ; "" ) is the capital and the second most populous city of the United Arab Emirates (the most populous being Dubai), and also capital of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, the largest of the UAE's seven emirates. Abu Dhabi lies on a T-shaped island jutting into the Persian Gulf from the central western coast. The city proper had a population of 1.5 million in 2014.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'dubai international capital' exhibits the relationship of 'founder'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1  - mohammed bin rashid al maktoum  - saudi arabia
A: