Porn star accuses MTV Ridiculousness star of sexual assault
A star of the MTV series "Ridiculousness" is calling a porn star’s sex assault allegations against him absurd.

Sterling (Steelo) Brim, a co-host turned producer for the TV series, is facing a police investigation following claims that he attacked the actress in Midtown Manhattan after she refused his demands.

A sexual abuse complaint filed against Brim by MaryJean Vargas, 25, accuses him of repeatedly grabbing her around 4 a.m. Saturday while they were driving in her car on Central Park South.

“This isn't a play. It's something that happened, and I'm hurting. And he's switching everything around and trying to play the victim. I was physically attacked. He's making me seem like I'm wrong,” Vargas told the Daily News on Monday.

The Bronx hottie said she told Brim to stop, but instead of complying he moved his hands to her breast. At one point he grabbed her between her legs while saying, "It's mine," according to police.

"He just starts punching me, he tries to hit my face, he hits my boobs ... in the most violent way I've ever been touched,” Vargas said. “And I'm driving and I can't defend myself."

It was Vargas' threat of reporting the assault that caused the TV personality to jump from the vehicle while it was still moving, she claims.

"The window was already open and I yelled 'Police! Help!' and he just got out," Vargas recalled.

"I started screaming, 'He hit me! He hit me! He's a woman hitter!' and everyone on the street starting cheering me on."

Brim, whose MTV program relies on amateur internet videos, tucked and rolled out the door — all the while injuring his arm and damaging his Rolex watch, according to TMZ.

His camp contended he was being threatened while trapped in the porn star’s car.

"The girl is totally lying," a source close to him told The News. "She straight up admitted that she was going to shake him down while they were still driving around together."

In a Tweet to his 360,000 followers Monday evening, Brim professed his innocence.

"God knows I could/would NEVER!!Thanks for the love," he stated.

A request for comment from MTV about the allegations was not immediately answered.

Vargas insisted she reported the incident to police immediately and denied Brim's claim that she held him in her car against his will.

The raven-haired beauty said the two have known each other for about a year, after Brim hit on her on Twitter, and have been intimate once.

They spent Friday night with a group of friends in a Times Square bowling alley and a Meatpacking District club.

She claimed Brim was making inappropriate sexual advances during the night.

God knows I could/would NEVER!! Thanks for the love.

"I'm brushing it off because I'm thinking we're friends and he's just a horny man,” she said. “I'm not thinking anything wrong of it.”

She left the club upset after a promoter grabbed her, she told The News, and later met up with Brim at his hotel to discuss that incident.

She didn’t want to go up to his room, and a walk-and-talk was also out of the question.

"He said, 'I'm too famous to talk outside,' ” according to Vargas.

They ended up in her car.

Vargas, who started out as an erotic dancer before getting her big break with a spread in Penthouse — the first Dominican model to be featured in the adult magazine, she said — was adamant that that her work does not define her.

"If you work in the (porn) industry, you think that if someone offers you something that I'm just going to sleep with you?” she asked. “No, that's not what I'm about.

“What I do there is completely different than how I live."

With Joseph Stepansky, Nancy Dillon
What was this article about?