Article:

Image copyright Yanny Bruere Image caption An anti-Khan campaign was launched in response to the 'baby Trump' balloon flown last month 
  
 Protesters have been given permission to fly a bikini-clad blimp of London mayor Sadiq Khan over Westminster. 
  
 Campaigners raised £58,182 for the 29ft-long 'baby Khan', which will fly over Parliament Square on 1 September. 
  
 A crowdfunding anti-Khan campaign was launched following the giant Donald Trump baby balloon flown by protesters during the president's visit in July. 
  
 Mr Khan said: "If people want to spend their Saturday looking at me in a yellow bikini they're welcome to do so. 
  
 "I don't really think yellow's my colour though." 
  
 The giant inflatable - a nod to the controversial 'Beach Body Ready' advert Mr Khan voiced his disapproval for in 2016 - has been approved by City Hall, the police and air traffic controllers NATS. 
  
 The fundraising page for the balloon said: "In light of the Donald Trump 'Baby Trump' balloon being allowed to fly over London during his visit to the UK, let's get a 'baby Khan' one and see if free speech applies to all." 
  
 It adds: "Under Sadiq Khan, we have seen crime skyrocket to unprecedented levels. People in London don't feel safe and they aren't safe. [...] Khan out." 
  
 Image copyright Yanny Bruere Image caption The giant balloon shows the London mayor wearing a yellow bikini in a nod to the "Beach Body Ready" advert he banned in 2016 
  
 The site also says that if the campaign raises any extra money it will be "used for a continuing campaign to remove Sadiq Khan from office" and "defending free speech". 
  
 The Greater London Authority (GLA) city operations team gave permission for the blimp to fly over Parliament Square between 09:30 and 11:30 BST. 
  
 "As always, City Hall has been working in very close coordination with the Metropolitan Police and other key agencies to ensure this protest is able to be carried out in a safe and secure way," a spokesman for the mayor said. 
  
 A NATS spokesperson said: "Following a thorough evaluation, we are satisfied that the balloon will have no impact on normal air traffic operations. The Met Police has also approved the flight and accordingly air traffic control permission has been granted." ||||| In this Wednesday, Aug. 29, 2018 photo provided by Yanny Bruere, a blimp of London Mayor Sadiq Khan is photographed in a workshop, in Oxfordshire, England. Critics of London Mayor Khan have been given... (Associated Press) 
  
 In this Wednesday, Aug. 29, 2018 photo provided by Yanny Bruere, a blimp of London Mayor Sadiq Khan is photographed in a workshop, in Oxfordshire, England. Critics of London Mayor Khan have been given permission to fly a giant balloon depicting him dressed in a bikini over London. Last month Khan angered... (Associated Press) 
  
 LONDON (AP) — Critics of London Mayor Sadiq Khan have been given permission to fly a giant balloon over London that depicts him dressed in a bikini. 
  
 Organizer Yanny Bruere has raised more than 58,000 pounds ($75,000) through the Crowdfunder website for the 29-foot (8.8-meter) blimp as part of a campaign to oust Khan from his post. 
  
 Khan angered some people in the British capital and elsewhere last month when he allowed a balloon caricaturing Donald Trump as an angry baby to float above the city while the U.S. president was in England. 
  
 Bruere cited rising crime and "defending free speech" as factors in his anti-Khan campaign. 
  
 A City Hall spokeswoman says the balloon has permission to fly Saturday over Parliament Square. 
  
 The balloon was a reference to a "Beach body ready" ad that Khan banned in 2016. |||||
What is a summary?