Every hoops fan dreams of that one special birthday when his pro-ball heroes gather on a court to see if he's got game. 
  
 President Obama had that chance Sunday, assembling a virtual dream team of college and pro basketball players for a presidential pickup game in front of wounded veterans and participants in a White House mentoring program. 
  
 Obama, who turned 49 on Wednesday, took to the court for a game with a stunning list of all-stars, including Grant Hill, Shane Battier, Carmelo Anthony, Chauncey Billups, Derek Fisher, LeBron James, Earvin "Magic" Johnson, Maya Moore, Alonzo Mourning, Chris Paul, Derrick Rose, Bill Russell, Etan Thomas, Dwyane Wade and David West. The game was closed to the media. 
  
 Kobe Bryant was there but didn't play, according to the White House, and aides provided no details about the game, which took place at Fort McNair in the District, where Obama often plays basketball with friends. 
  
 The presidential motorcade of black SUVs returned to the White House after about two hours for an evening barbecue on the South Lawn. Reporters could see grills being set up on the grass. 
  
 The White House provided few details about the festivities but confirmed that the president and his guests would be dining on shrimp harvested from the Gulf of Mexico. 
  
 Obama is known for throwing a few elbows on the court and for having a fierce determination to win. But the 6-foot-2 commander in chief had his work cut out for him. A number of the players were 6-8 or taller. 
  
 Obama was the nation's bachelor in chief this weekend. His wife and younger daughter returned from a brief vacation in Spain in time for the barbecue, and his elder daughter was at camp. 
  
 With his family away, Obama made it an all-sports-all-the-time weekend. He spent four hours at the Andrews Air Force Base golf course Saturday with longtime friends from Chicago and Hawaii, including Wahid Hamid, Laurent Delanney, Marvin Nicholson, Greg Orme, Bobby Titcomb, Michael Ramos, Marty Nesbitt and Eric Whitaker. 
  
 That crew was said to be attending the barbecue Sunday at the White House, as well. No word on how many of them joined in the hoops competition. 
  
 Basketball is undergoing a renaissance at the White House under Obama, who had a court built on what had been the presidential tennis courts. He plays with staff members and friends, including aide Reggie Love, who was on the NCAA-champion Duke team in 2001. 
  
 But in June 2009, when the basketball court was being built, the president told Bloomberg News that he was itching for some professional competition. 
  
 "As soon as we get the basketball nets up, we're going to have some of these guys over for a game," he said of pros such as James. 
  
 Asked by Bloomberg whether he would be playing, Obama said: "Of course. It's my court." 
  
 Staff writer Josh Barr contributed to this report. ||||| Obama tests basketball skills against LeBron James, Magic Johnson 
  
 By Administrator - 
  
  
  
  
  
 President Obama hosted more than a dozen current and former basketball pros for an afternoon game at Fort McNair Sunday. 
  
 The group included LeBron James, Grant Hill, Dwyane Wade, Magic Johnson and Bill Russell. Kobe Bryant was also in attendance, but didn't play in the pick-up game. 
  
 The group played before an audience of "wounded warriors" and participants in the White House mentoring program. 
  
 The event was part of the president's birthday weekend at the White House. He played a round of golf Saturday at Andrews Air Force Base, and a barbecue is scheduled on the South Lawn of the White House for Sunday afternoon. 
  
  
  
  |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?