Here is an article:

Owning your “I’m a rock star” status in the office is a learned skill. Honing your confidence as a budding entrepreneur is another homework assignment altogether. This is more than your elevator pitch, polished website and unforgettable business card. This is the heart of your operation.

As soon as I officially decided that I would transform my passions into the brand that is me, I suddenly felt pressure to be “on” at all times. When what you do and who you are become one in the same, it’s an incredibly phenomenal experience, but it also means that you should be able to speak concisely and effectively about it without (too much) hesitation.

For me, this evolution involved countless stumbles and hiccups, and I can’t say that I’m totally prepared if any cocktail party were thrown my way. But I’ve definitely climbed the learning curve of self-confidence, and this is what I’ve learned:

No. 1: It’s okay not to know it all

When you’re creating your business the expectation is that you’re an expert in that field. As a writer, I feel like I should know every rule of grammar as if it were my last name. Now that’s a daunting task. The relief is knowing that we are all developing ourselves and feeling out the unknown of the road ahead with our hands and our intuition. There is no shame in replying to a question you can’t answer with a simple, “You raise a great point. I’m going to poke around further and get back to you.”

There is no need to be the know-it-all in the room. Frankly, nobody knows it all, and that’s the fun of thriving and surviving as an entrepreneur. But the more comfortable you become with accepting your current knowledge limitations, the more confident you will become as a work-in-progress representation of your brand.

No. 2: You don’t have to be best friends with everyone

When every person you encounter is a potential client then it may be easy to feel like you have to bring nothing less than your A-game to the conversation. But you will never learn to strut your real stuff on the walkway of entrepreneurship if you’re always dropping a fake smile and trying to cozy up to the next so-and-so.

It’s a wise move to be open to meeting people you wouldn’t normally interact with, but by all means don’t feel like you have to be a larger-than-life version of yourself to attract an audience. Just be who you are, that’s who people want to do business with, even if you’re quirky and coloring outside the lines, especially if you’re quirky and coloring outside the lines.

No. 3: Over-preparation is not the key

My natural inclination is to want to create to-do list after to-do list until I’ve mapped out every fine detail of a potentially bumpy situation. If I smooth out the bumps now then the path ahead is sure to be smooth, right? It’s a false illusion of safety, a storyline which has only given me a fleeting sense of peace. So how have I turned that storyline on its head?

I let it go. Yes, I do preliminary work to set myself up for success. But then I just release it into the hands of the universe. If we’re really honest with ourselves then we know it’s out of our control. So we may as well surrender the meeting, the interview, the negotiation, the book deal, and open ourselves up to the flow of the moment. Living in the flow has been my greatest confidence booster to date.

Confidence doesn’t grow on trees, nor can you buy it on Amazon, discover it in a significant other, or pick it up at a regional sales meeting in a hotel conference room. Confidence in entrepreneurship is in you right here, right now. Just start peeling back the layers. You won’t believe the “you” that’s waiting to be unleashed.

Write a title for it.