Write a title for this article:

There is one unmistakably good piece of news on the budget deficit this election season, but self-proclaimed deficit hawks in the Republican Party have no grounds to boast about it: Since 2010, the pace of health care spending has fallen dramatically and with it, projected deficits over the next decade and beyond. The slowdown is evident in all major health programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and subsidies to buy insurance under the Affordable Care Act. The expected budget savings from 2015 to 2024 come to an impressive $1.6 trillion.

Here’s the rub for Republicans. The savings have virtually nothing to do with the draconian deficit-reduction legislation they have muscled into law in the past several years, because those laws, thanks to Democratic resistance, left health care spending basically untouched. Rather, budget experts have attributed the improvement to a combination of economic and policy factors, including the beneficial interplay of private-sector and public-sector health spending under the health reform law.

But beyond the improvement in health spending, the notion that today’s lower deficit represents economic progress — whether proclaimed by Republicans or Democrats — does not withstand scrutiny.

Since 2010, Congress and the Obama administration have enacted four deficit-reduction measures, including budget caps and automatic spending cuts (the “sequester”) in 2011 and the “fiscal cliff” deal in 2012, which both cut spending and raised taxes. The laws have contributed to a steep decline in the deficit, from nearly 9 percent of the economy in 2010 to 2.8 percent in 2014.

A rapid drop in the deficit, however, is precisely what the economy did not need. From 2011 until the middle of this year, deficit reduction actually reduced economic growth and employment below the levels they otherwise would have attained, because private sector investment and consumer spending were too soft and uneven to make up for premature budget tightening.

The government sector is currently no longer subtracting from growth, but neither is it adding to it, in large part because constraints in the recent deficit-reduction laws prevent sizable federal investment in infrastructure, education and science. That lack of investment is a squandered opportunity to create jobs and lay the foundation for future growth. Failure to invest also foolishly squanders the opportunity to borrow prudently at today’s low interest rates for investments that could pay off for generations to come.

Today’s lower deficit also relies much more heavily on spending cuts than tax increases, an indefensibly lopsided distribution of the fiscal burden. The deficit-reduction law from 2012 raised revenue by ending some of the Bush-era tax cuts for high-income Americans.

Those changes were important to collect a fairer share of taxes from the upper reaches of the income ladder, and to help ensure that deficit reduction did not rely disproportionately on spending cuts to programs that benefit middle- and low-income taxpayers. Even with the tax increases, however, about three-fourths of the projected $4 trillion in legislated deficit reduction from 2015 to 2024 will come from spending cuts, while less than one-fourth comes from higher revenues.

The budget deficit has come down, but at the expense of a more robust recovery. And future reductions will fall heavily on those less able to shoulder the burden. That is nothing either party should be proud of.

A version of this editorial appears in print on October 26, 2014, on page SR12 of the New York edition with the headline: Deficit Talk in an Election Year. Order Reprints|Today's Paper|Subscribe

Title: