Article:Doncaster, who won promotion last weekend, fell behind in the 16th minute when Ben Dickenson sent a superb left-footed strike into the top corner after Richard Brindley had flicked on Drey Wright's low cross.
The hosts came agonisingly close to doubling their lead four minutes later when skipper Chris Porter's delightful strike rattled a post.
John Marquis' effort was cleared off the line by Tom Eastman before the visitors equalised on the stroke of half-time when Mathieu Baudry planted home a header from Gary McSheffrey's corner.
McSheffrey struck the outside of a post with a free-kick early in the second half, while Wright's shot flashed just wide at the other end.
U's goalkeeper Sam Walker denied Matty Blair before Rovers substitute Alfie May squandered a gilt-edged chance after racing onto Marquis' defence-splitting pass.
Sean Murray's deflected strike flew wide late on as the spoils were shared.
Match report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Colchester United 1, Doncaster Rovers 1.
Second Half ends, Colchester United 1, Doncaster Rovers 1.
Richard Brindley (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Alfie May (Doncaster Rovers) is shown the yellow card.
Foul by Alfie May (Doncaster Rovers).
Chris Porter (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Andy Butler (Doncaster Rovers).
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Attempt saved. Tarique Fosu-Henry (Colchester United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Attempt missed. Rekeil Pyke (Colchester United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses the top left corner.
Corner,  Colchester United. Conceded by Niall Mason.
Doug Loft (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Alfie May (Doncaster Rovers).
Tarique Fosu-Henry (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Tommy Rowe (Doncaster Rovers).
Substitution, Colchester United. Doug Loft replaces Tom Lapslie.
Attempt missed. John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers) header from the centre of the box is too high.
Substitution, Colchester United. Matthew Briggs replaces George Elokobi.
Foul by Sean Murray (Colchester United).
John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Tarique Fosu-Henry (Colchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Niall Mason (Doncaster Rovers).
Hand ball by John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers).
Foul by Rekeil Pyke (Colchester United).
Luke McCullough (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Cameron James (Colchester United).
Alfie May (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Corner,  Colchester United. Conceded by Niall Mason.
Attempt missed. Sean Murray (Colchester United) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right.
Substitution, Colchester United. Rekeil Pyke replaces Drey Wright.
Foul by Brennan Dickenson (Colchester United).
Matty Blair (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt blocked. Tommy Rowe (Doncaster Rovers) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Attempt saved. John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Tom Eastman (Colchester United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Tom Eastman (Colchester United).
John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Alfie May (Doncaster Rovers) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Delay in match Sean Murray (Colchester United) because of an injury.
Foul by Aaron Taylor-Sinclair (Doncaster Rovers).

Summarize the main points of that article.