At the beginning of A Game of Thrones Robert, then king, has just come to Winterfell to appoint Eddard Stark the Hand of The King. He was unaware that Cersei's three children were therefore fathered by her brother Jaime. More interested in food, drink, and tourneys than in governance, Robert has squandered the royal treasury, leaving the crown heavily in debt. After he dies in a hunting accident orchestrated by Cersei, the kingdoms plunge into civil war. His death incites the war that encompasses the entirety of the following two books, the War of the Five Kings, in which his two brothers, Lords Renly and Stannis Baratheon, declare themselves the rightful kings. Robb Stark is also declared King in the North and King of the Trident, and Lord Balon Greyjoy declares himself King of the Iron Islands.

Who killed robert baratheon in game of thrones? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer the question, consider the following: After he dies in a hunting accident orchestrated by Cersei, the kingdoms plunge into civil war.... The answer is Cersei.


The shot clock first came to use in 1954 in Syracuse, New York, where Syracuse Nationals (now the Philadelphia 76ers) owner Danny Biasone and general manager Leo Ferris experimented using a 24-second version during a scrimmage game. According to Biasone, "I looked at the box scores from the games I enjoyed, games where they did n't screw around and stall. I noticed each team took about 60 shots. That meant 120 shots per game. So I took 2,880 seconds (48 minutes) and divided that by 120 shots. The result was 24 seconds per shot." Biasone and Ferris then convinced the NBA to adopt it for the 1954 -- 55 season, a season in which the Nationals won the NBA Championship.

Answer this question: when was the shot clock introduced to basketball? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: This is the relevant information: The shot clock first came to use in 1954 in Syracuse, New York, where Syracuse Nationals (now the Philadelphia 76ers) owner Danny Biasone and general manager Leo Ferris experimented using a 24-second version during a scrimmage game.... The answer is 1954.


A Canadian has not won the Canadian Open since Pat Fletcher in 1954, and one of the most exciting conclusions ever seen at the Open came in 2004, extending that streak. Mike Weir had never done well at the Glen Abbey Golf Course, the site of the tournament that week. In fact, he had only made the cut once at any of the Opens contested at Glen Abbey. But Weir clawed his way to the top of the leaderboard by Friday. And by the third day at the 100th anniversary Open, he had a three-stroke lead, and many Canadians were buzzing about the possibility of the streak's end. Weir started off with a double bogey, but then went 4-under to keep his 3-stroke lead, with only eight holes left. Yet, with the expectations of Canadian observers abnormally high, there was another roadblock in the way of Mike Weir: Vijay Singh. Weir bogeyed three holes on the back nine but still had a chance to win the tournament with a 10-footer on the 72nd hole. When he missed the putt, the two entered a sudden-death playoff. Weir missed two more chances to win the tournament: a 25-foot putt for eagle on No. 18 on the first hole of sudden-death, and a 5-foot putt on No. 17, the second playoff hole. On the third playoff hole, Weir put his third shot into the water after a horrid drive and lay-up, and Singh was safely on the green in two. Singh won the Open and overtook Tiger Woods as the world's number one player.

Answer this question: when was the last time a canadian won the canadian open? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
