The midfielder's left-footed shot from just outside the box went in via both posts, the ball rolling across the goal-line before spinning in.
Rovers were value for a bigger winning margin, but made hard work of beating a Swindon side, who barely managed a worthwhile effort on goal.
Matt Taylor hit the crossbar with a 77th-minute shot from outside the box but the hosts almost paid for not making their dominance tell when late shots from Ben Gladwin and John Goddard were both deflected just wide.
Rovers created all the decent chances in the first half. An early Chris Lines free-kick was saved at the second attempt by Lawrence Vigouroux, who then produced a better save to keep out Bodin's close-range shot.
Centre-back Ryan Sweeney almost marked an impressive Rovers debut with a goal on 16 minutes, but Gladwin cleared his header off the line.
After Bodin's goal, Ellis Harrison's header was cleared off the line by Raphael Rossi-Branco and the interval was reached without Rovers keeper Joe Lumley making a save.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Bristol Rovers 1, Swindon Town 0.
Second Half ends, Bristol Rovers 1, Swindon Town 0.
Attempt missed. Raphael Rossi Branco (Swindon Town) header from the centre of the box is too high.
Corner,  Swindon Town. Conceded by Daniel Leadbitter.
Attempt blocked. John Goddard (Swindon Town) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Luke James (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Nathan Thompson (Swindon Town).
Substitution, Swindon Town. Dion Conroy replaces Lloyd Jones.
Attempt saved. Stuart Sinclair (Bristol Rovers) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Attempt missed. John Goddard (Swindon Town) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.
Corner,  Swindon Town. Conceded by Tom Lockyer.
Attempt blocked. Ben Gladwin (Swindon Town) right footed shot from more than 40 yards on the right wing is blocked.
Corner,  Bristol Rovers. Conceded by Lloyd Jones.
Substitution, Bristol Rovers. Luke James replaces Matty Taylor.
Matty Taylor (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by James Brophy (Swindon Town).
Foul by Byron Moore (Bristol Rovers).
Charlie Colkett (Swindon Town) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Matty Taylor (Bristol Rovers) hits the bar with a right footed shot from outside the box.
Foul by Jordan Stewart (Swindon Town).
Chris Lines (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Ollie Clarke (Bristol Rovers) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Substitution, Swindon Town. Jordan Stewart replaces Islam Feruz.
Foul by Rory Gaffney (Bristol Rovers).
James Brophy (Swindon Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Hand ball by Islam Feruz (Swindon Town).
Substitution, Bristol Rovers. Byron Moore replaces Billy Bodin.
Substitution, Bristol Rovers. Rory Gaffney replaces Ellis Harrison.
Attempt missed. Ben Gladwin (Swindon Town) header from the centre of the box is too high.
Foul by Daniel Leadbitter (Bristol Rovers).
James Brophy (Swindon Town) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Daniel Leadbitter (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Islam Feruz (Swindon Town).
Matty Taylor (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Fankaty Dabo (Swindon Town).
Nathan Thompson (Swindon Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Ollie Clarke (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Nathan Thompson (Swindon Town).
Matty Taylor (Bristol Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Raphael Rossi Branco (Swindon Town).
What is a summary of this text?