Please answer the following question: Information:  - A starship, starcraft or interstellar spacecraft is a theoretical spacecraft designed for traveling between planetary systems, as opposed to a vehicle designed for orbital spaceflight or interplanetary travel.  - Rama (Sanskrit:  "Rma") or Sr Rmachandra (Sanskrit :  ) is the seventh avatar of the Hindu God Vishnu. He is the central figure of the Hindu epic Ramayana, which is the principal narration of the events connected to his incarnation on Earth, his ideals and his greatness. Rama is one of the many deities in Hinduism and especially of the various Vaishnava sects. Religious texts and scriptures based on his life have been a formative component in numerous cultures of South and Southeast Asia. Along with Krishna, Rama is considered to be one of the most important avatars of Vishnu. In Rama-centric sects, he is considered the Supreme Being, rather than an avatar.  - Rendezvous with Rama is a science fiction novel by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1973. Set in the 2130s, the story involves a cylindrical alien starship that enters Earth's solar system. The story is told from the point of view of a group of human explorers who intercept the ship in an attempt to unlock its mysteries. This novel won both the Hugo and Nebula awards upon its release, and it is regarded as one of the cornerstones in Clarke's bibliography.  - Science fiction (often shortened to SF, sci-fi or scifi) is a genre of speculative fiction, typically dealing with imaginative concepts such as futuristic science and technology, space travel, time travel, faster than light travel, parallel universes, and extraterrestrial life. Science fiction often explores the potential consequences of scientific and other innovations, and has been called a "literature of ideas." It usually avoids the supernatural, and unlike the related genre of fantasy, historically science fiction stories were intended to have a grounding in science-based fact or theory at the time the story was created, but this connection is now limited to hard science fiction.  - Bert Gentry Lee (born 1942) is the chief engineer for the Planetary Flight Systems Directorate at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and also a science fiction writer. He had engineering oversight responsibility for the twin rover missions to Mars that landed in January 2004, the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) in 2006, and the Deep Impact and Stardust missions. He was also the chief engineer for the Galileo project from 19771988 and director of science analysis and mission planning during the Viking projects.  - Rama II is a novel by Gentry Lee and Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1989 . It recounts humankind 's further interaction with the Ramans , first introduced in Rendezvous with Rama . Written primarily by Lee , Rama II has a distinctly different writing style than the original , with a more character driven narrative and a closer - to - contemporary mindset , ambience and human relations than the first novel 's more futuristic tones . Rama II is the first novel of the `` new '' Rama series , as Rendezvous with Rama is not always counted as part of it . The Rama series includes two more sequels : The Garden of Rama and Rama Revealed .  - The Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is a federally funded research and development center and NASA field center located in La Cañada Flintridge, California and Pasadena, California, United States.    What object entity has the relation of 'genre' with the subject 'rama ii '?   Choices: - epic  - fiction  - flight  - genre  - novel  - research  - science  - science fiction novel  - speculative  - supernatural  - time travel  - travel  - various
Answer: