By. Jemma Gillard for MailOnline. One man has taken his flexibility and strength to extremes by holding ten gymnastic poses on ten different vehicles in just ten hours. Superfit Aslan Steel - and yes, that is the name he was born with - from Lewes in East Sussex, spent three months planning and training for his impressive feat, which involved pulling off a handstand on top of a submarine and planking on a helicopter. The 29-year-old decided to take on the challenge to raise money for St Peter and St James hospice in memory of his mother, Keetje Steel, who passed away in May. Flying high: Aslan Steel, 29, is pictured performing the plank pose on a helicopter to raise money for hospice in memory of his mother. Head for heights: Aslan Steel is pictured performing a handstand on top of HMS Alliance, a Second World War submarine. The street gymnast began his challenge on Saturday in East Grinstead by pulling off a 'human flag' hold  off the side of a massive Chevrolet Monster Truck. He then moved on to a 'V-sit' pose on the back of a classic Harley Davidson motorcycle, before holding an agonising 'side-sit' on the top of a Benetton B189 F1 car. Aslan says: 'I really wanted to push myself to the limit to raise money in memory of my mum. Hanging around: Aslan Steel performs a human flag hold off the side of a Chevrolet Monster Truck. 'St Peter and St James Hospice really cared for her, and I want to help them out as much as possible. 'The most difficult holds were on the back of the Harley or on the F1 car. 'They don't look too difficult, but they were agonising, especially as I'm currently a bit injured at the moment.' So far, Aslan has raised half of his £5,000 goal for the hospice in nearby North Chailey. Holding on tight: Aslan Steel takes on the tough 'V-sit' pose on the back of a classic Harley Davidson motorcycle. In the ten hours, he also managed to pose on a helicopter, a speedboat, a yacht and a McLaren Spider supercar. The biggest vehicle Aslan used in the stunt was HMS Alliance - a World War II submarine. He says: 'The handstand on the top of the submarine was probably the most dangerous. There was a 30ft drop either side onto concrete, and the platform I was on was only about 4ft wide. 'If I'd slipped, it probably would have been curtains.' Speeding around: Aslan Steel is pictured performing a'L-Sit' on a McLaren Spider supercar. On top of his game: Aslan Steel found it difficult holding an agonising 'side-sit' on the top of a Benetton B189 F1 car. His final challenge of the day was hanging off the front of a grille on a Big Rig truck at the Top Gear test track in Godalming, Surrey. As well as being a personal trainer, Aslan runs a street gymnastic team, which focuses on using gymnastic techniques and body holds in an urban environment. He says: 'I'm overwhelmed with the support I had. Tower of strength: Aslan Steel spent three months planning and training for his impressive feat, which involved pulling off a handstand on the top of a submarine. Guns of steel: Aslan Steel is pictured hanging off the front of a grille on a Big Rig truck at the Top Gear test track at Dunsfold Aerodrome in Godalming, Surrey. All aboard: Aslan Steel is pictured performing another gymnastic pose on a luxury yacht. 'It was truly amazing and went without a hitch, which is unbelievable considering the distance covered.I ached like mad after, but it was worth it. 'The medical and care professionals who looked after my mother are special people and need our support. 'I am hoping that the money I raise will enable other families to receive the same great care as my mother.' To donate, please visit www.justgiving.com/aslansteel.

What are highlight points for this article?