Here is a news article: Megyn Kelly takes issue with 'NYT' book review 
  
 CLOSE Days after Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election, the New York Times has released a review of Megyn Kelly's forthcoming memoir, Settle for More. USA TODAY 
  
 The New York Times published a review of Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly's memoir, Settle for More, after obtaining an early copy of the book scheduled to be published on Nov. 15. Kelly disputes The Times' characterization of two sections of her book; one which implies she said someone leaked Trump her first question in the first primary debate; and another that implies she thought she may have been poisoned the morning of the same debate. 
  
 Kelly writes that Trump was livid the day before the first debate of the Republican primary campaign after he heard that Kelly's planned first question "was a very pointed question directed at him," The Times reports. "This disconcerted her, because it was true: It was about his history of using disparaging language about women," The Times wrote. While she doesn't delve into who might have leaked the question, the book gives the clear impression that former Fox New CEO Roger Ailes and others within the network "seemed to be nakedly colluding with the Republican presidential nominee," according to The Times. 
  
 Kelly went on Twitter late Thursday to shoot down the inference that the question was leaked. 
  
 For the record, my book "Settle for More" does not suggest Trump had any debate Qs in advance, nor do I believe that he did. — Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) November 11, 2016 
  
 Kelly also wrote that on the day of the debate, what The Times describes as an "overzealous, suspiciously enthusiastic driver" drove her to the event and insisted on making her coffee. She writes that she drank it and then was violently ill within 15 minutes, according to The Times. "Ms. Kelly never says outright that someone tried to poison her," The Times reported. (A stomach bug was going around, she notes.) But the episode spooked her enough that she shared it later with Roger Ailes and a lawyer friend of his. Foul play? Again: She reports. You decide." 
  
 Again, Kelly took to Twitter to clarify her position. "Also for the record, I believe the reason I got sick the day of the debate was I contracted a stomach virus, just as Rand Paul did," she wrote at midnight Thursday. 
  
 Also for the record, I believe the reason I got sick the day of the first debate was I contracted a stomach virus, just as Rand Paul did. — Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) November 11, 2016 
  
 There is one passage of The Times report Kelly has not yet disputed. Before the debate, Kelly did a piece on her show The Kelly File about Trump that the businessman did not like. According to Kelly, Trump refused to make a scheduled appearance on her show unless she called him, The Times reports. 
  
 “I almost unleashed my beautiful Twitter account against you,” she says Trump told her, according to The Times, "and I still may." 
  
 Trump followed through with his threat after the debate, repeatedly insulting her with terms such as "bimbo" and "lightweight reporter." He also implied her question at the debate was somehow tied to menstruation. "You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes. Blood coming out of her wherever," he said in a CNN interview with Don Lemon. 
  
 A report last week from Radar Online, which also says it obtained a copy of the book, detailed Kelly's allegations of sexual harassment against Ailes. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ficYIX ||||| We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? 
  
 Yes |||||
A summary of this is?