By. John Stevens. The richest must pay more tax, Nick Clegg said yesterday as he set out plans to raise money after the general election next year. The Liberal Democrat leader revealed his party’s manifesto would target the wealthy with measures including a reformed ‘mansion tax’. In a speech seen as the start of a fight back after the Lib Dems’ disastrous European and local election results, Mr Clegg also indicated he is prepared to borrow to build homes and boost the economy through infrastructure projects. Deputy Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal Democrats Nick Clegg speaks at Bloomberg, central London where he announced the revival of his party's 'mansion tax' as a means to get more money out of the wealthy. Mr Clegg said the party was committed to reducing the deficit, but said he believed it should be done ‘in a fundamentally different way to the Conservatives’. He said: ‘The Tories have now ruled out asking the very wealthy to pay even just a bit more in tax to help the ongoing fiscal effort. Instead, they’ve said they’ll take billions more from the welfare budget.’ He added: ‘We’ll finish the job (of eliminating the deficit), of course we will – but we’ll finish it in a way that is fair. ‘So not just through further spending cuts, but also by asking those with the broadest shoulders to make some additional contributions too, including for instance through our banded Mansion Tax - extending new tax bands to higher value properties.’ The Lib Dems want the levy, which would be paid in addition to council tax, to be introduced for properties worth more than £2million. Nick Clegg said he was committed to ‘significantly’ reducing the national debt as a percentage of GDP every year from 2018/19 but said he would borrow to invest in projects to boost growth. He said: ‘We are prepared to put our shoulders to the wheel and use the muscle of the state - if necessary through borrowing - to rewire and revamp our infrastructure.’ Mr Clegg's wife Miriam Gonzalez, Danny Alexander, chief secretary to the Treasury, and  British Business Secretary Vince Cable listen as the Lib Dem leader speaks at Bloomberg's central London headquarters yesterday. Up to 300,000 new homes a year are needed to meet demand, he said, adding: ‘It’s time to put our money where our mouth is. 'We have to give people the homes they need and protect the country from another crisis - and if that means borrowing a bit when times are good and debt is falling, so be it.’ He added: ‘We are not the Tories. We don’t believe in an ever-shrinking state. We are not so ideological about making cuts that we’ll deny people the things they need. ‘We’re not so dogmatic about borrowing that we’ll jeopardise Britain’s economic health. Responsibility, yes, austerity forever, no.’ Mr Clegg admitted that a series of ‘gory’ spending decisions have left young voters who ‘dream of a better future’ questioning whether the Liberal Democrats are there for them. The ‘notorious’ decision to ditch their pledge on tuition fees and the ‘pretty gritty’ and ‘downright unappealing decisions’ the party has taken in government means they have a lot of work to do to win back younger voters, he conceded. He shrugged off questions over the future of his position as party leader insisting it would not be ‘sensible’ to put someone new at the helm. He said: ‘If I thought a year before the general election all the issues that face us could be solved magically and could float off like the morning mist by just changing personnel at the top and spending several months talking to ourselves of course I’d think. But I just think - obviously I don’t think - that is sensible for the party.’
Summarize the highlights of this article.