Write a title for this article:

Tuesday, September 21st 2010, 4:00 AM

The Bronx congregation that lost its bishop along with the bishop's wife and four other members in an out-of-town traffic accident was consoled last night by one person who can fully understand its loss.

David Wright's church in Brooklyn lost its own spiritual leader and the leader's wife in an out-of-town accident two years ago. His grief was all the more searing because the victims were also his father and mother. The third fatality was his 14-year-old nephew.

"I know what those people are feeling right now," Wright said before his visit.

One marked difference between the two tragedies was that the Rev. Timothy Wright of the Grace Tabernacle Christian Center initially survived after a drunken driver drove into his car, killing his wife and grandson.

The elder Wright was paralyzed, and among those who reached out to offer comfort and counsel was the family of the late actor Christopher Reeve, who had been consigned to a wheelchair by a horse-riding accident.

"He used to be Superman," David Wright noted.

The son would not forget the super strength the Reeve family gave him and his family over the nine months before the elder Wright succumbed to his injures.

"To have somebody step forward who knows. ..." David Wright said.

After hearing of last week's tragedy at the Joy Fellowship Christian Assemblies, Wright resolved to bring them the comfort of somebody who knows.

"It brought back memories of my mom and my dad's accident," he said Monday.

He also would be going as his father's 32-year-old successor as pastor of their Brooklyn church. The Rev. David Wright was heartened to see news reports of a service at the Bronx church. The faithful there were still able to praise and even thank the Almighty.

"That's exactly what they need to do now," he said. "That's the same thing that got us through. Their faith in God is what's going to get them through."

He knows all too well that keeping your faith can become a struggle when you are struck by ungodly tragedy.

"Why do bad things happen to good people? That's the big question," he said. "My mom and my dad, they never did any wrong to anybody."

The same is being said about Bishop Simon White and his wife, Zelda White, in the Bronx. The big question looms as large there as it did in Brooklyn.

Yet heartbreak and hardship are what gave rise to faith in the first place, what have kept it going even while presenting it with a perpetual challenge.

"If everything was peachy cream every day, there would be no need for faith," Wright said. "When you go through hard times is when you need faith."

Without it, hard times just get even harder.

"If you lose your faith, it just destroys you in the inside," Wright said. "As long as you keep your faith, you know you'll be okay."

Wright was traveling from his church to the Bronx to offer proof that faith can indeed prevail. His father's Grammy-nominated choir is about to release a new CD. The Grace Tabernacle itself is thriving. The older members are adjusting to having the son as a pastor after two decades with the father.

"It took a little bit of getting used to," Wright said. "You actually watched your pastor grow up. People that used to baby-sit me, now I'm leading them spiritually."

He hoped his presence at Monday night's prayer meeting would bring the congregation hope.

"Just let them know there is somebody there that went through that," he said. "If I got through it, then they can."

When his turn came to speak, his words were as simple as his message.

"God never says 'Oops,'" he told the packed church. "God would not have allowed this to happen if we could not handle it."

Title: