Problem:Twenty new contestants arrive at the mansion and discover that there were only fourteen beds. When H-Town and Saaphyri fight over a bed, Flav asked them what happened. After finding out who started the fight, Saaphyri is disqualified for physically assaulting H-Town. Flav revealed that he had a spy in his house; this turned out to be Eye'z. She told Flav that Bamma is too quiet, Somethin is crazy, Hood was sent to the show by her agent, Wire was on The Fifth Wheel, Tiger was n't into Flav, Choclate did n't say much, and Toasteee drinks too much. Later, Somethin shared an intimate moment with Flav, and Spunkeey called her out on lesbian statements she made before. Somethin erupted and begins to scream; the producers added a demonic voice for humorous effect. After the five girls Hood, Bamma, H-Town, Choclate and Saaphyri were eliminated, the contestants discovered that Somethin had defecated on the floor during the elimination ceremony because she could n't hold it in or go to the bathroom.

Based on this passage, who pooped on the floor on flavor of love?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: After the five girls Hood, Bamma, H-Town, Choclate and Saaphyri were eliminated, the contestants discovered that Somethin had defecated on the floor during the elimination ceremony because she could n't hold it in or go to the bathroom.
Somethin.

Problem:The company's ads sometimes focus on its reptilian mascot, The Gecko, an anthropomorphic Day Gecko created by The Martin Agency, modified in 2005 to a CGI character by Animation Director David Hulin and his team at Framestore. The gecko first appeared in 1999, during the Screen Actors Guild strike that prevented the use of live actors. The original commercial features the Gecko, voiced by actor Kelsey Grammer, who climbs onto a microphone on a podium and utters "This is my final plea: I am a gecko, not to be confused with GEICO, which could save you hundreds on car insurance. So, STOP CALLING ME!", before licking his eye. Later "wrong number" ads used Dave Kelly as the voice of the gecko. In the subsequent commercials with Jake Wood (which portray him as a representative of the company), the gecko speaks with a British Cockney accent, because it would be unexpected, according to Martin Agency's Steve Bassett. In 2010s commercials, the gecko's accent is more working-class, perhaps in an effort to further "humanize" him. "As computer animation got better and as we got to know the character better, we did a few things," says Steve Bassett, creative director at The Martin Agency. "We wanted to make him a little more guy-next-door. And he looks a lot more real than he's looked before." Chelsea Clinton, daughter of former president Bill Clinton and then-Secretary of State and 2016 Democratic Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, interviewed the Geico Gecko in April 2013. He had since became GEICO's longest-running mascot, appearing in more than 150 commercials as of 2017.

Based on this passage, who provided the voice of the geico insurance company geico in its tv-ad debut?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The original commercial features the Gecko, voiced by actor Kelsey Grammer, who climbs onto a microphone on a podium and utters "This is my final plea: I am a gecko, not to be confused with GEICO, which could save you hundreds on car insurance.
Kelsey Grammer.

Problem:Context: Clara Edwards (originally Bertha Edwards, Bertha Johnson and then Clara Johnson) is a fictional character on the American television sitcom The Andy Griffith Show (1960 -- 1968). Clara was portrayed by actress Hope Summers.

Question: who plays clara johnson on the andy griffith show?
Solution: