Information:  - Joseph Chamberlain (8 July 1836  2 July 1914) was a British politician and statesman, who was first a radical Liberal then, after opposing Home Rule for Ireland, a Liberal Unionist, eventually serving as a leading imperialist in coalition with the Conservatives. He split both major British parties in the course of his career.  - Percy Archer Clive DSO , DL ( 13 March 1873 -- 5 April 1918 ) was a British army officer and Liberal Unionist Party politician . Percy Clive was the eldest son of Charles Meysey Bolton Clive of Whitfield , Herefordshire , by his marriage to Lady Katherine Feilding . He was educated at Eton and Sandhurst and entered the Grenadier Guards as a second lieutenant in 1891 . He was appointed as a Deputy Lieutenant of Herefordshire in December 1894 , and was attached to the Niger Field Force from 1897 to 1899 based in Lagos , rising to the rank of captain . In May 1899 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society . He was elected to the Commons as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the Ross division of Herefordshire in the `` khaki election '' of 1900 , while fighting in the Second Boer War . He did not return to England to take his seat until February 1902 , and in June that year was Private Secretary for Parliamentary purposes to Lord George Hamilton , Secretary of State for India . In December 1903 he was appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary to E G Pretyman , Parliamentary and Financial Secretary to the Admiralty . He was unseated at the 1906 general election , which saw the Liberal Party win a landslide victory . He returned to Parliament at a by - election in January 1908 , and remained Ross 's MP until his death . Following a merger of the Unionist parties in 1912 he became a Conservative . He returned to the army in World War I and was wounded twice . Clive was awarded the Distinguished Service Order , the Legion of Honour , and the Croix de Guerre , and was twice Mentioned in Despatches . As Lieutenant - Colonel of the Grenadier Guards he was killed in action when attached to the 1/5th Lancashire Fusiliers , 5 April 1918 at Bucquoy . Memorial services were held on 17 April at St Margaret 's , Westminster and Hereford Cathedral . His elder son Major Meysey George Dallas Clive ( 1907 -- 1943 ) was killed with the Grenadier Guards in North Africa on 1 May 1943 . His younger son Lewis Clive (...  - The Liberal Unionist Party was a British political party that was formed in 1886 by a faction that broke away from the Liberal Party. Led by Lord Hartington (later the Duke of Devonshire) and Joseph Chamberlain, the party formed a political alliance with the Conservative Party in opposition to Irish Home Rule. The two parties formed the ten-year-long, coalition Unionist Government 18951905 but kept separate political funds and their own party organisations until a complete merger was agreed in May 1912.  - A coalition of the Conservative and Liberal Unionist parties took power in the United Kingdom following the general election of 1895. The Conservative leader, Lord Salisbury, took office as prime minister, and his nephew, Arthur Balfour, was leader of the Commons, but various major posts went to the Liberal Unionist leaders, most notably the Liberal Unionist leader in the Lords, the Duke of Devonshire, who was made Lord President, and his colleague in the Commons, Joseph Chamberlain, who became Colonial Secretary. It was this government which would conduct the Boer War from 1899 to 1902, which was exploited by the government to help win a landslide victory in the general election of 1900.    What entity does 'percy clive' has the relation 'member of political party' with?
The answer to this question is: