Choose your answer: is the following review positive or negative?

Really upset to give this a 1* review because I love going to smaller, less known places. I've eaten at Babbo a few times and have always had pretty good experiences, but my most recent experience has made me NEVER want to go back & make an effort to tell people not to go.  First, we were seated right next to the blazing hot window. Sweat was literally pouring from our faces & we were fanning ourselves with the menus. We asked for a new table but were told it would be 20 minutes to be reseated, even though we watched several people get seated who had just walked in far less than 20 minutes. The manager even came by telling us we were sitting in the "hot seats" and that they were sorry that particular window didn't have tinting at the time. Seriously, WHY would you seat someone at a table you actually know is BLAZING hot? We ended up scrunching super close together on the miniscule portion of shade on the table just to get out of the sun. There were no air vents above us so we couldn't feel the air conditioning. We felt like little slaves huddled on what is known as the "hot" table while everyone else was relaxing under the air vents & shade. Must be nice to be on that side!  Next, the server was the worst I have experienced, anywhere. We didn't even receive as much as a smile, just muttering asking what we wanted, acting like he was doing us a favor by taking our orders (I should add that although we were upset about the table, we tried to be friendly to the waiter; we know it wasn't his fault we were sitting there & weren't going to take that out on him). It also took us a really long time to get water refills...especially miserable since our table was so hot & we were all out of water.  Now let's get to the food. When the side salads came, there was so much salad stuffed onto a small plate that the salad was literally flopping off of the sides and onto the table. It was also drenched in dressing & the combination of the salad falling off of the plate & swimming in dressing, it looked like the most unappetizing food I've ever seen. Since there was so much salad on the place, it was really hard to eat because most of it was just falling off of the plate & onto the table. When i was done I had to pick up most of the wasted salad & put it back on the plate. I should also add that the salad was a decent size for a side salad; it was just put onto a REALLY small plate.  At this point it was just miserable. Food was falling everywhere, sweat kept dripping, and horrible service that was giving me a headache. We asked the manager to come back yet again and expressed our complaints about the heat & service, but the manager made no offer to make it better. I'm not the type to complain or ever try to get something in return, but I was surprised when our check came & we were charged the full price given the manager knew how upset we were and completely agreed with us about our horrible experience. I guess service is just going downhill, but if I was the manager I would have done everything in my power to turn the situation around and make my customers happy, even if it was as simple as offering us a new table or giving us a small discount on the meal we couldn't possibly enjoy or even want to take the time to eat with sweat dripping from our faces.  Needless to say, the food is decent & I am very sad that their horrible service has ruined my liking of this restaurant. All it would have taken was a nice server or something other than the manger to simply 'agree' with us to completely turn this experience around. I will not support nor recommend this practice of business.


[1]. negative
[2]. positive