Please answer the following question: Information:  - Halo Wars is a real-time strategy (RTS) video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console. It was released in Japan and Australia on February 26, 2009; in Europe on February 27; and in North America on March 3. The game is set in the science fiction universe of the "Halo" series in the year 2531, 21 years before the events of "". The player leads human soldiers aboard the warship "Spirit of Fire" in an effort to stop an ancient fleet of ships from falling into the hands of the genocidal alien Covenant.  - Ensemble Studios was a video game developer initially established in 1995 as an independent company by Tony Goodman, Rick Goodman and John Boog-Scott, but was acquired by Microsoft in 2001 and operated as an internal studio until 2009, when it was officially disbanded. Ensemble developed many real-time strategy games, including the "Age of Empires" game series, "Age of Mythology", and "Halo Wars". In addition to game development, Ensemble Studios also made the Genie Game Engine used in "Age of Empires", "", and "". The studio sold 20 million games and was worth an estimated $500 million.  - Age of Mythology ( AoM ) is a mythology - based real - time strategy video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios . It was released on October 30 , 2002 in North America and a week later in Europe . A spin - off from the Age of Empires series , Age of Mythology takes inspiration from the myths and legends of the Greeks , Egyptians , and Norse , rather than from actual history . However , many gameplay elements are similar to the Age of Empires series . Its campaign follows an Atlantean admiral , Arkantos , who is forced to travel through the lands of the game 's three cultures , hunting for a cyclops who is in league with Poseidon against Atlantis . Age of Mythology was commercially successful , going platinum four months after its release after selling over one million units . It also achieved critical acclaim , scoring 89 % on both GameRankings and Metacritic . In 2003 it was followed by an expansion pack , Age of Mythology : The Titans . On May 8 , 2014 , Age of Mythology : Extended Edition was released for Windows via Steam .  - Age of Empires is a series of personal computer games developed by Ensemble Studios (defunct in 2009) and published by Microsoft Studios. The first title of the series was "Age of Empires", released in 1997. Since then, seven titles and three spin-offs have been released. The titles are historical real-time strategy games, and their gameplay revolves around two main game modes: Single player and campaign. They competed with another popular strategy series, "Civilization".  - Microsoft Corporation (commonly referred to as Microsoft or MS) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, Microsoft Office office suite, and Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface tablet lineup. As of 2016, it was the world's largest software maker by revenue, and one of the world's most valuable companies.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'age of mythology' with the relationship of 'publisher'.  Choices: - europe  - genie  - japan  - microsoft  - microsoft studios  - microsoft windows  - north america
A: