Article:
This posting has been deleted by its author. (The title on the listings page will be removed in just a few minutes.) ||||| The current bid is $36,000 for this beautiful old Willie Nelson tour bus. It gets 7 miles a gallon. It sleeps 8. It's like a saloon inside, with red velvet and beveled glass. It's got miles of wood paneling. Hell, there may still be a stash in that wood paneling that's worth 36 grand! 
  
 Via the Village Voice, some dude on Craigslist in East Texas wants to sell his bus, which was built for the red-headed stranger in the '80s. Interior by Florida Coach, and lots of marijuana. It could be converted into, like, an Uber for working class heroes: 
  
 If you're interested, the damn thing runs just fine, thank you very much. But act fast: 
  
 Due to the extremely high demand and the amount of offers being thrown at us for this bus. We have decided to take offers all the way to 12:00 AM Central 5/3/2014 for this bus. We are planning to sell this bus this weekend. 
  
 Also, no checks or loans, man: "Cash is the preferred method of payment." ||||| The beaut above is a 1983 Eagle that gets an eco-friendly seven miles per gallon when the generator is running. It's got crushed velvet curtains, and -- just a guess here -- a few dozen places to hide your weed. Because, oh yeah, it's Willie Nelson's old tour bus, and it's hard to look at without daydreaming about living a life on the open road in all the glorious comfort she no-doubt offers. If you want it, you should act now, because the guy behind the ad says his phone hasn't stopped ringing since he listed it on easttexas.craigslist.com Sunday night. "It's been non-stop," he says. "I've gotten calls from as far as Washington state and New York," he told us when we called him ourselves. His name is Alan. He was very polite (naturally -- Texas). Here's the story he gave us about this treasure. 
  
 [UPDATE: The bid for the bus is up to $36,000, and the seller will field offers until 12 a.m. Central, 5/3/2014. "We are planning to sell this bus this weekend."] 
  
 [UPDATE II: The bus ultimately sold for a whopping $86,000. 
  
  
  
 Alan works in IT and listed the bus for an older friend who isn't quite so tech savvy. That friend does lots of business in and around Texas and its neighboring states, and so when he was tipped off to something rumored to be Willie Nelson's old tour bus being sold in Alabama, he checked it out. He bought it "three or four" years ago, and has used it frequently ever since. He's "giving up the hobby" and is ready to unload it. He owns "several other vehicles" according to Alan. 
  
 Alan says the frequent calls he's fielding from curious buyers are 75-percent serious cash-in-hand offers. Some, like us, just have questions. 
  
 The bus is one of two identical custom-made for Willie, and it had three owners before the fella Alan is selling it for got hold of it. The interior is in excellent condition (as you can see below) and the only problem with the exterior is a couple spots of peeling clear coat. The generator was serviced three years ago and electrical in the bus has been well maintained over the years. 
  
 Alan says, based on the volume of calls, they probably priced Willie's bus too low. They have no plans to raise the price now, though, because sometimes people aren't terrible. It'll stay at $29,999, a figure they arrived at by comparing it to other buses of the same make and year already on the market. "The owner doesn't really need the money," says Alan. 
  
 Enough talk. Let's look at this gorgeous thing. 
  
 See also: Even Country Music Is Ready for Marijuana Legalization 
  
 See more photos on the next page. 
  
 Sponsor Content |||||Summary: