Please briefly summarize this news article:

Effigy of 'Lost Prince' Henry Stuart to go on show at National Portrait Gallery

Funeral effigy of Henry, Prince of Wales. Photograph: Westminster Abbey

A bundle of old sticks, which frankly will look very odd exhibited among treasures of paintings, miniatures, manuscripts and armour by artists including Rubens, Holbein and Inigo Jones, is all that remains of a funeral effigy that 400 years ago reduced crowds lining the streets of London to "an ocean of tears".

The National Portrait Gallery is preparing to stage the first exhibition anywhere on one of British history's great what ifs – what if Henry, the now almost forgotten handsome, sporty, clever – and devoutly Protestant – son of James I, big brother of the feeble and sickly Charles, had not died of typhoid in 1612 aged just 18.

Would he have reigned in peace and prosperity and had a brood of healthy children, or would he too have plunged his country into civil war and lost his head on a scaffold in Whitehall?

For curator Catharine MacLeod, the ugliest and most battered object in the autumn exhibition will also be one of the most striking. The headless, armless, wooden torso once completed with a wax portrait head modelled from life, and dressed in the prince's own magnificent robes, is being loaned by Westminster Abbey, where it has not been exhibited for at least 200 years.

"I find it very poignant, a tremendously moving symbol of the decline into which his memory has fallen," she said.

In 1612, the effigy laid on top of his coffin was so lifelike it had a devastating impact on viewers. A witness described "an innumerable multitude of all sorts of ages and degrees of men, women and children … some weeping, crying, howling, wringing of their hands, others halfe dead … passionately betraying so great a losse with rivers, nay with an ocean of teares."

The wonderful clothes were stolen within a few years, the head was gone by the early 19th century, and the arms, probably originally sacking stuffed with straw, have long since rotted away.

It will be shown among more conventionally splendid objects, including loans from the royal collection and museum and private collections, including a spectacular suit of armour, and designs for a court masque by Inigo Jones in which the handsome youth appeared as the fairy king Oberon.

Trinity College Cambridge is sending his copy book, showing one page of beautifully transcribed Latin poetry and one of touchingly teenage doodles, squiggles, and trial signatures.

At the age of 16 he was already building up a spectacular art collection, including the superb Holbein drawings now among the most precious works in the Windsor Castle library. He was also so interested in shipbuilding that Sir Walter Raleigh, imprisoned in the tower, wrote him a treatise on the subject.

His death also sealed the fate of his younger brother Charles, so feeble and sickly he was left behind in Scotland for years when his father became king on the death of Elizabeth I and moved south with his family.

The Royal Collection is loaning a small bronze horse, a sculpture dating from 1600 by Pietro Tacco, which both princes obviously regarded as a particular treasure. When Henry lay on his deathbed, the 12-year-old Charles sent for the horse and gave it to his brother hoping it would cheer him up - but it was too late.

Charles was chief mourner at the funeral, which his father could not bear to attend. Months later, in the middle of a conversation with diplomats, the king suddenly collapsed, sobbing: "Henry is dead, Henry is dead."

• The Lost Prince: the life and death of Henry Stuart, National Portrait Gallery. London, October 2012-January 2013