Please answer the following question: Information:  - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.  - Vanuatu (or ; Bislama ), officially the Republic of Vanuatu (Bislama: "Ripablik blong Vanuatu"), is a Pacific island nation located in the South Pacific Ocean. The archipelago, which is of volcanic origin, is some east of northern Australia, northeast of New Caledonia, east of New Guinea, southeast of the Solomon Islands, and west of Fiji.  - Solomon Islands is a sovereign country consisting of six major islands and over 900 smaller islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of . The country's capital, Honiara, is located on the island of Guadalcanal. The country takes its name from the Solomon Islands archipelago, which is a collection of Melanesian islands that also includes the North Solomon Islands (part of Papua New Guinea), but excludes outlying islands, such as Rennell and Bellona, and the Santa Cruz Islands.  - Richard J. Pratt ( born Ryszard Przecicki ; 10 December 1934 -- 28 April 2009 ) was a prominent Australian businessman , chairman of the privately owned company Visy Industries , and a leading figure of Melbourne society . In the year before his death Pratt was Australia 's fourth - richest person , with a personal fortune valued at A $ 5.48 billion .  - Visy Industries was established in Melbourne, Australia in 1948 and has since grown to become one of the worlds largest privately owned paper, packaging and recycling companies. Today, Visy employs more than 9500 people in Australia and the United States (where it is known as Pratt Industries USA), with total sales exceeding more than $5 billion. Visy was owned by Richard Pratt until his death on 28 April 2009. when his son Anthony Pratt assumed the role of Executive Chairman. He has also presided over a major expansion into the Asian packaging market and moved to position Visy as a key player in food security for the region.  - Indonesia (or ; Indonesian: ), officially the Republic of Indonesia, is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania. Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans, it is the world's largest island country, with more than seventeen thousand islands. At , Indonesia is the world's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area. It has an estimated population of over 260 million people and is the world's fourth most populous country, the most populous Austronesian nation, as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country. The world's most populous island of Java contains more than half of the country's population.  - East Timor or Timor-Leste (Tetum: "Timór Lorosa'e"), officially the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, is a sovereign state in Maritime Southeast Asia. It comprises the eastern half of the island of Timor; the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco; and Oecusse, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island surrounded by Indonesian West Timor. The country's size is about 15,410 km (5,400 sq mi).    What object entity has the relation of 'child' with the subject 'richard pratt '?   Choices: - anthony pratt  - asia  - solomon
Answer: