There are many different varieties of wide-brimmed hats on the market. Take a look at different brands and styles of wide-brimmed hats and figure out a style that you like. Look online or visit a hat store to get an idea of what styles you like. Think about where you live and how the hat will be received from others around you. For instance, cowboy hats are commonplace in the south and midwest but are far less common in northern states.  Popular examples of wide-brimmed hats include boater hats, skimmer hats, fedoras, trilbys, gambler hats, derby hats, and cowboy hats.  Bowler hats have a two-inch brim with a rounded top. This style was popular in 1800’s and early 1900’s. Western hats, sometimes known as cowboy hats were worn in the Midwest. These hats have characteristically wide brims. Derby hats are usually worn by women and have elaborate bows and are usually worn at derby racing. Wide brimmed hats use a variety of different materials for different kinds of hats. Decide on the type of material you want, based on style and climate. Materials like wool, leather, and fleece are good for the cold weather while materials like straw, bamboo, and linen are best for hotter weather. Try on different styles of hats to see what kind of material feels best on your head. Take a look at budgetary constraints and decide how much you would like to invest in a hat. It's typically advised to purchase a more expensive hat made of a finer material instead of buying a cheaper hat made of synthetic material if you plan on wearing it often.  Kentucky derby hats can cost anywhere from $135 to thousands of dollars per hat.  Bucket hats are often constructed of cheaper materials like polyester or cotton. Decide what color you want your hat to be and what works well with your skin pigmentation and undertones. Determine if you have a warm, cool, or neutral skin tone. To find your undertones, look at the veins in your wrist under light and determine their color. You have a warm tone if you have dark brown or dark blonde hair and a green or golden undertone. You have a cool tone if you have very dark hair or light blonde hair with a blue undertone. Neutral toned people fall somewhere in the middle and often have hazel eyes with warmer toned hair.  People with a warm tone look best in blues, greens, golden yellows, and creamy whites. People with cool skin tones look best in bright blue, lavender, ruby, gray, and navy. People with neutral skin tones look best in light peach, red, yellows, and off-whites. When you wear a wide-brimmed hat, it's important that you select the right clothing so that it doesn't come off like you are trying too hard. Try to select outfits where the hat accentuates the overall look. Don't try to plan an outfit around your hat. For men, make sure that the rest of your clothes are fitted well and not loose or baggy. For female clothing, this means wearing longer and looser clothing the larger your brim gets.  A denim jacket, white t-shirt, and slim fitted jeans work well with a fedora or bowler hat. A flowing dress, sandals, and sunglasses go great with a derby hat. Wearing a baggy sports jacket or suit can make you look childish in a wide-brimmed hat.  Make sure that your hat color does not clash with the colors that you're wearing on the rest of your body. While wearing a wide-brimmed hat may have been normal in the 40s and 50s, they are much less worn today. If you do decide to wear a wide brimmed hat, make sure that you wear it with confidence. Remain self-confident and own your look instead of fidgeting and touching your hat constantly. If you can't feel confident when wearing your wide brimmed hat, consider choosing another option for your hat.

Summary: