Information:  - MCA Records was an American-based record company owned by MCA Inc., which later gave way to the larger MCA Music Entertainment Group (now Universal Music Group), of which MCA Records was still part. MCA's country division, MCA Nashville, is a still active imprint of Universal Music Group Nashville.  - Talking Heads were an American rock band formed in 1975 in New York City and active until 1991. The band comprised David Byrne (lead vocals, guitar), Chris Frantz (drums), Tina Weymouth (bass), and Jerry Harrison (keyboards, guitar). Described by critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine as "one of the most critically acclaimed bands of the '80s," the group helped to pioneer new wave music by integrating elements of punk, art rock, funk, pop and world music with avant-garde sensibilities and an anxious, clean-cut image.   - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is a continental North and South American trade organization that represents the recording industry in the United States. Its members consist of record labels and distributors, which the RIAA says "create, manufacture and/or distribute approximately 85% of all legally sold recorded music in the United States." The RIAA headquarters is in Washington, D.C.  - `` All Over You '' is a song by the rock group Live from their 1994 album , Throwing Copper . The song was never released as a single in the US , but it reached # 33 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart and # 1 on Billboard 's Recurrent Airplay chart . It also charted at # 4 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks and # 2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart . It appeared in `` Syzygy '' , the episode of The X-Files that aired January 26 , 1996 . The live B - sides were recorded at the 1995 Glastonbury Festival , with the exception of `` Waitress '' , which was recorded at the Swedish Broadcasting Corporation in Stockholm on June 9 , 1995 .  - Radioactive Records was an American record label. It was formed as a joint venture between talent manager Gary Kurfirst (who managed such acts as the Ramones, Big Audio Dynamite, Deee-Lite and Deborah Harry) and MCA Records, and it is now out of business.  - Throwing Copper is the second album by American alternative rock band Live, released on April 19, 1994 on former MCA Records subsidiary Radioactive Records. It was produced by Jerry Harrison of Talking Heads and was recorded at Pachyderm Recording Studio. "Throwing Copper" has sold over 8 million copies and was certified 8x platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.  - Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s and 2000s. In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).    What object entity has the relation of 'record label' with the subject 'all over you '?   Choices: - album  - funk  - labels  - mca  - mca records  - radioactive records  - record  - rock music  - universal music group  - universal music group nashville
The answer to this question is: