By. Kerry Mcqueeney. PUBLISHED:. 19:08 EST, 18 September 2012. |. UPDATED:. 05:53 EST, 19 September 2012. Women who play away from home might want to consider the punishment meted out for similar indiscretions hundreds of years ago in Warwickshire. While adultery in this day and age might end up in the divorce courts, women guilty of such a crime during the late Middle Ages were forced to endure a very unusual form of retribution - reciting a humiliating ditty while sitting backwards on a ram, holding its tail. This is just one of many punishments that were routinely handed out in Warwickshire for activities banned in the county for more than six centuries. And many of the offences themselves would now be considered equally ridiculous. Ancient history: The manorial documents stipulating the bizarre punishments for outlawed activities have been uploaded to the internet. Ancient documents stipulating the strange laws and have been unearthed and uploaded to the internet so they can be viewed online for the first time on the National Archives' Manorial Documents Register. Historians spent six months collating the records and putting them onto an online database. They include laws against selling shoes before 1pm as well as playing tennis and bowls - 'crimes' which were punishable by a 40 pence fine. Neil Bettridge, manorial documents project officer for Warwickshire County Council, said: 'People were fined for playing bowls [in Temple Balsall] in the 1620s. An ancient map (pictured) detailing the historical boundaries of Warwickshire was also among the haul of manorial documents. Historians spent six months collating the records and putting them onto an online database. 'It was more a question of social order. People weren’t keen on [other] people getting together in large groups and necessarily enjoying themselves. 'I think it was a question of social control that they didn’t want people to be wasting their time on what they thought were frivolous things.' In 1424 tennis was banned from the streets of Atherstone, Warkwickshire, while ale house haunters who did not attend church were fined under charges issued by 17th Century courts. Women who committed adultery were also forced to sit on the back of a ram in front of everyone in the court, hold the animal’s tail and recite a ditty. A rich and fascinating history: A lot of the records are written in Latin and, because of their age, the handwriting is difficult to read. Ancient scrolls: The ancient documents include laws against selling shoes before 1pm as well as playing tennis and bowls - 'crimes' punishable by a 40 pence fine. The contents of the scrolls can be viewed online for the first time on the National Archives' Manorial Documents Register. Charges issued by 17th century court leets' include: 'A pain (fine) on tanners and shoemakers that they offer not wares to sell before one of the clock in the afternoon.' Another law reads: 'The churchwardens to search for ale house haunters and others that come not to church on Sunday on pain (fine) of 10s.' Mark Ryder, head of localities and community safety said: 'These records contain a rich and fascinating history about life in Warwickshire in the late middle ages. 'The database will signpost people to the relevant sources and will help to bring medieval history to everyone’s fingertips.' Sam Collenette, the county council’s archives and historic environment manager, added: 'They’re quite difficult records to use and a lot of them are in Latin. And because of the age of them the records are in difficult handwriting. 'They are the only source that will give people detailed information about medieval life in villages.'

What are highlight points for this article?