Information:  - California State University, Long Beach (CSULB; also known as Long Beach State, Cal State Long Beach, LBSU, or The Beach) is the third largest campus of the 23-school California State University system (CSU) and one of the largest universities in the state of California by enrollment, its student body numbering 36,822 for the Fall 2014 semester. As of Fall 2014, the school had 2,283 total faculty, with 36.7 percent of those faculty on the tenure track. With 5,286 grad students, the university enrolls one of the largest graduate student populations across the CSU and in the state of California alone. The university is located in the Los Altos neighborhood of Long Beach at the southeastern coastal tip of Los Angeles County, less than one mile from the border with Orange County. The university offers 82 different Bachelor's degrees, 65 types of Master's degrees, 4 Doctoral degrees.  - Neo-noir (English: "New-black"; from the Greek "neo", new; and the French "noir", black) is a style often seen in modern motion pictures and other forms that prominently use elements of "film noir", but with updated themes, content, style, visual elements or media that were absent in "film noir" of the 1940s and 1950s.  - The Contortionist 's Handbook is the debut novel by novelist Craig Clevenger .  - MacAdam/Cage is a small publishing firm located in San Francisco, California. It was founded by publisher David Poindexter in 1998. As of 2003, it published around 30 to 45 titles per year, primarily fiction, short story collections, history, biography, and essays, and had twelve employees. Most notably, it published "The Time Traveler's Wife" by Audrey Niffenegger and "The Contortionist's Handbook" by Craig Clevenger. "Publishers Weekly" describes MacAdam/Cage as "one of the West Coast's most literary" independent publishing firms.  - Irvine Welsh (born 27 September 1957) is a Scottish novelist, playwright and short story writer. He is recognised for his novel "Trainspotting", which was later made into a film of the same name. His work is characterised by a raw Scots dialect and brutal depiction of Edinburgh life. He has also written plays and screenplays, and directed several short films.  - Dermaphoria (2005) is a novel written by American author Craig Clevenger.  - Charles Michael "Chuck" Palahniuk (born February 21, 1962) is an American novelist and freelance journalist, who describes his work as "transgressional" fiction. He is the author of the award-winning novel "Fight Club", which also was made into an acclaimed film of the same name.  - Craig Clevenger is an American author of contemporary fiction. Born 1964 in Dallas, Texas, he grew up in Southern California where he studied English at California State University, Long Beach. He is the author of two novels, "The Contortionist's Handbook" and "Dermaphoria", both released by MacAdam/Cage. His work has been classified by some as neo-noir and has received praise from such authors as Chuck Palahniuk and Irvine Welsh.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'the contortionist's handbook' exhibits the relationship of 'followed by'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1962  - 2  - 2003  - 2014  - 27  - 30  - 4  - 5  - 82  - a  - alone  - black  - body  - cal  - california  - chuck  - classified  - dallas  - dermaphoria  - fall  - february 21  - film noir  - graduate  - he is  - history  - independent  - is  - life  - michael  - modern  - motion  - name  - noir  - novel  - or  - pictures  - raw  - s  - san francisco  - september  - style  - texas  - the beach  - the fall  - the state  - third  - total  - twelve  - two  - visual  - west  - work
Answer: