Article:

The Rwanda Football Federation (FERWAFA) is taking steps to put an end to what some believe is witchcraft working its way into soccer matches. New rules have been put in place to punish clubs, managers and/or players adjudged to engage in the practice, per reports. 
  
 The decision comes on the heels of an incident earlier this month in a match between Mukura Victory Sports and Rayon Sport. Rayon striker Moussa Camara, whose team was losing 1-0, apparently hit the Mukura Victory Sports woodwork on a shot attempt. Footage showed Camara running over to the post and appear to place an object down, much to the opposing goalkeeper’s chagrin. 
  
 Article continues below ... 
  
 The whole scene was crazy, as Camara bolted away as his opponents lashed out at him. He earned a yellow for the act, but the wildest part is Camara scored an equalizer a few minutes later. Whether witchcraft was behind that or just regular old skill is up to the individual to decide. What has happened, though, is that FERWAFA won’t stand for it anymore. 
  
 Coaches and players and can face steep fines and bans if found guilty of using witchcraft, per the Rwanda New Times. If a team is found guilty, they face a three-point deduction and a fine of 500,000 Rwandan Francs, or about $600. 
  
 Here’s FERWAFA vice president Vedaste Kayiranga via the New Times: 
  
 Since there is no scientific way to prove the use of witchcraft, these measures will base upon reports from match officials and anything that is deemed to incite witchcraft will be put under consideration. 
  
 So, it looks like players will have to rely on pregame superstition to give them the edge now. 
  
 UPDATE (12/29): 
  
 Upon further review, it appears Camara was actually trying to reverse apparent witchcraft performed by the goalkeeper. This extended video shows Camara actually removed, not placed, an object near the goalpost. 
  
 Furthermore, the goalkeeper also received a yellow for his participation in the shenanigans. The video shows just how chaotic the whole scene was, with substitutes and apparently fans getting involved. If it didn’t make sense before why FERWAFA felt the need to address the whole witchcraft situation, it certainly makes sense now. 
  
 MORE FROM FOX SOCCER ||||| Any coach found guilty of using witchcraft, will be banned for four matches on top of paying a fine of Rwf200,000. This is one of the tough measures passed by Rwanda Football Federation (FERWAFA) during an extra-ordinary meeting on addressing the problem of witchcraft in local football. 
  
 Meanwhile a player found guilty of using witchcraft will receive a three-match suspension on top of a fine of Rwf100,000 and for the team found guilty of engaging in witchcraft, it will lose three points and pay a fine of Rwf500,000. 
  
 The new measures were announced early this week during the meeting attended by FERWAFA executive committee and all first division club presidents. 
  
 The development came in the wake of last Friday’s incident during the league match between Mukura Victory Sports and Rayon Sport at Huye stadium that saw players on both sides clash over alleged use of witchcraft by the former. 
  
 According to FERWAFA vice president Vedaste Kayiranga, all present unanimously agreed that the perception of believing in witchcraft is a big threat not only to football development but also to the image of the country. 
  
 Kayiranga noted that, “Since there is no scientific way to prove the use of witchcraft, these measures will base upon reports from match officials and anything that is deemed to incite witchcraft will be put under consideration.” 
  
 editorial@newtimes.co.rw 
  
 Follow @jeffasiimwe92 |||||
What is a summary?