Article:

“His face was buried in the mattress of the stretcher,” lawyer Tim Edwards told NBC News Monday. “There was a strap over the back of his head so he couldn’t move his head. His hands and feet were hogtied so he couldn’t move those, either.” 
  
 Goode was “intoxicated” after he and four friends took something in the parking lot before the concert began said Edwards, who declined to comment on what they may have used. “That’ll be determined by the toxicology screen,” he added. “Whatever was ingested, it was done by all five of them.” 
  
 The chemical engineer “got paranoid” and left the concert site even before the gig began. He climbed out of his wife’s car and was “in a field running in circles,” Edwards said. “There was no one around him.” 
  
 Cops saw him “running from the area acting strange and not cooperative,” Lt. Mark E. Little from the Southaven, Mississippi, Police Dept. said in a statement. 
  
 “Officers attempted to detain the subject who began to resist and run from them again,” Little added. “On our initial investigation we learned that the subject had allegedly taken some LSD in a parking lot before a concert.” 
  
 Little said officers were waiting on the results of an autopsy that was performed Monday morning which will include toxicology reports. 
  
 Edwards said that Goode had asthma but "it was controlled" through his use of an inhaler. "If it played a part [in his death], we don’t know," the lawyer added. ||||| Please enable Javascript to watch this video 
  
 SOUTHAVEN, Miss. -- An investigation is underway to get more details into how a man died in the 3400 block of Goodman Road. 
  
 Troy Goode is dead, and his family is trying to get to the bottom of what happened. 
  
 Tim Edwards, with Ballin, Ballin & Fishman P.C, is the family's attorney. 
  
 Edwards said Goode and his wife were leaving the Widespread Panic concert at Snowden Grove Amphitheater as it began. 
  
 "He was under the influence and so the wife began to drive them home," Edwards told WREG. 
  
 At some point on Goodman Road Edwards said Goode got out of the car and began running around. 
  
 Southaven Police said they were called to a shopping complex on Goodman around 7:45 p.m. on Saturday. 
  
 Police say they "attempted to detain the subject who began to resist and run from them again. He was eventually restrained by Officers and transferred to an awaiting ambulance to be transported to the hospital." 
  
 "They showed up in force and subdued him," Edwards said. "They hogtied and put his face down on the stretcher." 
  
 Edwards claimed a witness heard Goode scream that he could not breathe. 
  
 "The police took him off and next thing that we know he was a Baptist Hospital," Edwards said. 
  
 Police say they were told Goode may have taken LSD in the parking lot before the concert began. 
  
 Goode's mother got the call that he died around 11:00 p.m. Saturday night. 
  
 "The family as you might expect is grieving, and they are not irrational at all, but they want answers. They want to know why Troy died," Edwards explained. 
  
 WREG started questioning Southaven Police about the events that took place before Goode's death, but a department spokesperson said they were not commenting or releasing any more information Sunday evening. 
  
 Goode's body is being taken to Jackson, Mississippi for an autopsy. 
  
 "I'm not in the position right now pointing fingers because I don't know the cause of death," Edwards said. 
  
 Edwards believes there was someone shooting video of the incident that night and urges that person to come forward to help the family piece together what happened. 
  
 Police are awaiting toxicology test results. |||||
What is a summary?