Write highlights for this article:

Jon Krakauer will release Missoula: Rape and the Justice System In a College Town on April 21. For his next book, Jon Krakauer looked into a series of campus rapes at the University of Montana after he learned that a close family friend had been raped by a man she trusted. Mr Krakauer announced Monday that he would release 'Missoula: Rape and the Justice System In a College Town' on April 21. The best-selling author says that the story 'makes clear why rape is so prevalent on American campuses, and why rape victims are so reluctant to report assault'. He has previously written narrative non-fiction about topical issues, including a biography of football player and soldier Pat Tillman. The book's release in April follows several years where sexual assaults and how they are handled by universities have gotten increased attention. The Department of Justice investigated 350 sexual assaults reported to the Missoula police between January 2008 and May 2012, according to Mr Krakauer's website. The Colorado-based journalist says the new book 'chronicles the searing experiences of several women in Missoula' with both the police system and their university. The book purportedly tells how one district attorney testified for an alleged rapist during university proceedings against him. She later left the prosecutor's office, becoming an attorney for the university's star football player who was accused on rape. The Department of Justice began an investigation into Missoula County in May 2012 after receiving complaints about the way officials handled rapes reported by University of Montana students. A June 2014 agreement ended the investigation, with the county agreeing to training and special prosecutors for sexual assault cases. The university itself has created a small sexual assault prevention department last year with a coordinator and three interns, according to the Montana Kaimin. The Department of Justice investigated 350 sexual assaults reported to the Missoula police between January 2008 and May 2012. While Mr Krakauer's story focuses on Montana, the book's scope is more global. Missoula is described as 'a typical college town' and Mr Krakauer's website said that rape victims are 'deserving of compassion from society and fairness from a justice system that is clearly broken'. Mr Krakauer decided to write the book 'after learning that a young woman with whom he and his wife have a close relationship suffered intensely in secret for many years after she was raped by a man she trusted,' according to USA Today. Sexual assault and rape have become issues at campuses across the country, with victims speaking out against the way that universities dealt with their allegations. Emma Sulkowicz at Columbia University attended the State of the Union with New York Senator Kristen Gillbrand after carrying a mattress around to classes in protest against her alleged attacker's continued presence on campus. Mr Krakauer, pictured speaking in 2009, is the best selling author of works such as Into Thin Air and Into the Wild. President Obama sent a pre-recorded message to the Grammys on Sunday urging artists to advocate against sexual and domestic violence. Ninety-four colleges and universities were under investigation by the Department of Justice for their handling of sexual assault cases as of the beginning of this year. Mr Krakauer's book says that it 'cuts through the abstract ideological debate about campus rape'. The writer's other works include Into the Wild, Under the Banner of Heaven and Into Thin Air, for which he was nominated for the Pulitzer Prize. Publisher Doubleday plans a first printing of 500,000 copies for the new book.

Highlights: