Article: ADHD is a medical condition, not a sign of mental weakness or a personal problem. For this reason, in cases where the symptoms of ADHD are serious enough that the DIY suggestions in the sections above don't work, seeing a doctor should be your next step. Only a trained medical professional can definitively diagnose a case of ADHD and decide which treatment options are best. The three types of ADHD are explained below:   ADHD, Primarily Inattentive Type. This type of ADHD is characterized by: difficulty sustaining attention; being easily distracted; appears forgetful; appears not to be listening; and demonstrates problems with organization.  ADHD, Primarily Hyperactive/Impulsive Type. In this type, children and adults exhibit: trouble sitting still; trouble awaiting turns in groups; talking/humming/making noises; moving around and climbing excessively; fidgeting; and blurting out answers.  ADHD, Combined Type. Combined type includes those individuals who meet the criteria for both Inattentive and Hyperactive/Impulsive types. The most widely-known medications used to treat ADHD belong to a class of drugs called stimulants. As their name suggests, these medications stimulate the central nervous system, increasing the user's heart rate and mental activity. Paradoxically, most people with ADHD who take these medications report that they have a calming, focusing effect, rather than leaving them jittery and unable to concentrate. Stimulants have been found to improve ADHD symptoms about 70% of the time. However, everyone reacts to medication a little differently, so it's wise to be willing to experiment with different medicines until you find one that's right for you.  Common stimulants used to treat ADHD include Ritalin, Focalin, Adderall, and Concerta. The most common side effects of these stimulants include reduced appetite, difficulty sleeping, and sometimes headaches, stomachaches, and increased blood pressure. However, most side effects can be reduced or eliminated by changing the dosage. For some people, stimulants just don't work very well for treating ADHD. Rarely, stimulants' side effects may be so unpleasant that taking them isn't worth it. Luckily, in these cases, there are some non-stimulant drugs available for treating ADHD. These drugs generally work by increasing the amount of a chemical called norepinephrine in the brain, which makes it easier for most people to focus. As noted above, these drugs affect everyone differently, so be willing to work with your doctor to experiment with different drugs and dosages until you find a treatment that's right for you.  Common non-stimulants used to treat ADHD include Strattera, Intuniv, and Kapvay. Intuniv and Kapvay are approved only for children. Side effects for non-stimulants vary from drug to drug. Common side effects include stomachache, decreased appetite, fatigue, mood swings, headache, and irritability. In rare cases, serious problems like liver disease, depression, stunted growth in children, and sexual problems are possible. Clinical treatment for ADHD isn't all about medicine. In fact, many people who struggle with ADHD find that it's both satisfying and productive to talk to an experienced counselor or therapist about their frustrations, difficulties, and successes dealing with their condition. Speaking with someone who's trained to give helpful advice about life's difficulties can offer psychological relief from the stresses caused by ADHD and can even help you adopt responsible, focus-improving behavior patterns. Don't be ashamed or embarrassed to contact a therapist. A 2008 study found that 13 percent of American adults had received some sort of mental health treatment.

What is a summary?