q... Glenn Martin Christopher Francis Quinn (May 28, 1970 -- December 3, 2002) was an Irish actor. While he was best known for his portrayal of Mark Healy on the popular' 90s family sitcom Roseanne, Quinn also amassed a large fan base for his portrayal of Doyle, a half-demon, on Angel, a spin-off series of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.

Answer this question based on the passage: who played mark on the tv show roseanne?
a... The important part for answering this question is: While he was best known for his portrayal of Mark Healy on the popular' 90s family sitcom Roseanne, Quinn also amassed a large fan base for his portrayal of Doyle, a half-demon, on Angel, a spin-off series of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
The answer is Glenn Martin Christopher Francis Quinn


q... The season consisted of 20 episodes, in which ten episodes aired in the summer of 2016, with the remaining ten episodes aired from April 2017. The season's premiere aired on June 21, 2016, on Freeform. Production and filming began in the end of March 2016, which was confirmed by showrunner I. Marlene King. The season premiere was written by I. Marlene King and directed by Ron Lagomarsino. King revealed the title of the premiere on Twitter on March 17, 2016. On August 29, 2016, it was confirmed that this would be the final season of the series.

Answer this question based on the passage: how many episodes of pretty little liars season 7b?
a... This is the relevant information: The season consisted of 20 episodes, in which ten episodes aired in the summer of 2016, with the remaining ten episodes aired from April 2017.
The answer is ten


q... Passage: Today, they are mostly used in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, to commemorate their servicemen and women killed in all conflicts. There, small artificial poppies are often worn on clothing leading up to Remembrance Day / Armistice Day, and poppy wreaths are often laid at war memorials. In Australia and New Zealand, they are also worn on Anzac Day.

Question: Based on this passage, why do the british wear a red flower?
a... This is the relevant information: Today, they are mostly used in the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, to commemorate their servicemen and women killed in all conflicts.
The answer is to commemorate their servicemen and women killed in all conflicts


q... The name "Twins" was derived from the popular name of the region, the Twin Cities (Minneapolis and St. Paul). The NBA's Minneapolis Lakers had relocated to Los Angeles in 1960 due to poor attendance which was believed to have been caused in part by the reluctance of fans in St. Paul to support the team. Griffith was determined not to alienate fans in either city by naming the team after one city or the other, so his desire was to name the team the "Twin Cities Twins", however MLB objected. Griffith therefore named the team the Minnesota Twins. However, the team was allowed to keep its original "TC" (for Twin Cities) insignia for its caps. The team's logo shows two men, one in a Minneapolis Millers uniform and one in a St. Paul Saints uniform, shaking hands across the Mississippi River within an outline of the state of Minnesota. The "TC" remained on the Twins' caps until 1987, when they adopted new uniforms. By this time, the team felt it was established enough to put an "M" on its cap without having St. Paul fans think it stood for Minneapolis. The "TC" logo was moved to a sleeve on the jerseys, and occasionally appeared as an alternate cap design. Both the "TC" and "Minnie & Paul" logos remain the team's primary insignia. As of 2010, the "TC" logo has been reinstated on the cap as their logo.

What does the c in the minnesota twins logo stand for?
a...