By. Daniel Martin, Whitehall Correspondent. Nick Clegg has been accused of 'unbelievable hypocrisy' over a spare room subsidy U-turn. Nick Clegg was accused of ‘unbelievable hypocrisy’ last night after withdrawing support for one of the Government’s flagship welfare policies. The Liberal Democrats demanded significant changes to the spare room subsidy, under which tenants with more bedrooms than they need see their housing benefit reduced. The change of heart is being seen as a Lib Dem tactic to woo Ed Miliband in the run-up to the 2015 election – and a desperate attempt to overturn months of appalling poll ratings. But Labour condemned the move, pointing out that the Tories were only able to introduce the subsidy, dubbed the ‘bedroom tax’ by critics, thanks to Lib Dem votes in the Commons. Tories said they were baffled by the change of heart, saying the Lib Dems had never argued against the measure in private. And it emerged last night that the Lib Dems had been given the chance in March to soften the impact of the ‘bedroom tax’. BBC’s Newsnight programme reported that options were drawn up by civil servants and presented to both coalition parties that would have allowed councils to cushion the impact of benefit cuts under the policy to help people struggling. But the Lib Dems apparently ignored the suggestion. Under the controversial reform, introduced in April 2013, social housing tenants deemed to  have more bedrooms than they need have had their housing benefit reduced, to tackle what the Government calls a ‘spare room subsidy’. But a government review published this week showed that almost 60 per cent of households affected by the benefit changes were in arrears as a result. And a shortage of smaller homes meant just 4.5 per cent of tenants had been able to downsize to avoid it. Unveiling the U-turn yesterday, Lib Dem Cabinet minister Danny Alexander did not call for the bedroom tax to be scrapped – but said it should be reformed so that no one faces a benefit cut if there is no suitable smaller property available. In addition, he said all disabled claimants should be exempt. Scroll down for video. The Lib Dem change of heart is being seen as a tactic to woo Ed Miliband, pictured, in the run-up to the 2015 election. Mr Clegg has been under pressure to join Labour in opposing the policy since the Lib Dem conference voted overwhelmingly to commit the party to the review of what activists called a ‘reprehensible and evil’ move. Mr Alexander said the issue would be raised with the Tories ahead of George Osborne’s Autumn Statement but if the Lib Dems are not able to secure agreement within government it will be ‘one of the key things in our election manifesto’. Rejecting the accusation of hypocrisy, he said: ‘We are part of the Government and the principle is the right one, which is that people should be paid housing benefit according to the number of rooms that they need. Then and now: Deputy PM Nick Clegg's change of heart over the spare bedroom subsidy. ‘This is about how that policy is applied in practice. It’s about listening to the evidence and significantly adjusting the policy in the light of that evidence.’ Labour’s welfare spokesman Rachel Reeves said: ‘This is unbelievable hypocrisy from Nick Clegg. There wouldn’t be a bedroom tax if it wasn’t for the Lib Dems.’ Mr Cameron’s official spokesman said the Lib Dem shift had not been discussed with the  Premier or the Chancellor. But Mr Clegg told LBC Radio it was ‘baloney’ for the Tories to claim they were surprised. ‘I’ve been constantly badgering away within government, with the Department for Work and Pensions, to try to make sure we really stress-test this properly.’

Write highlights for this article.