Write some highlights for the following article:

An Oklahoma man who allegedly tried to hire a former co-worker to kill his pregnant girlfriend by poisoning her with ricin is set to stand trial. Preston Rhoads, 31, reportedly asked his friend to take part in a series of plots to poison the unnamed woman and her unborn fetus with the deadly toxin at their home in Oklahoma City. These included acting as a pizza delivery person and sprinkling ricin on a pizza, and dissolving the substance in a can of soda before handing it to the victim. Today, Rhoads waived his preliminary hearing in Oklahoma County District Court on two counts of solicitation to commit murder and attempting to kill another person. On trial: Preston Rhoads (pictured in court yesterday), 31, allegedly tried to hire a former co-worker to kill his pregnant girlfriend by poisoning her with ricin. He will now appear at a pre-trial conference on November 26. He will now appear at a pre-trial conference on November 26. He has denied all charges. Rhoads allegedly told his former co-worker in April that he had extracted ricin from the seeds of a castor bean plant after downloading a poison manual from the internet. He then referenced the hit U.S. crime drama Breaking Bad, before showing his friend a vial of the toxic substance, according to an affidavit cited by News 9. On the show, lead character Walter White prepares ricin twice as a form of killing - preferring it to other methods because it leaves behind little or no trace of its use on the victim. In custody: Rhoads reportedly asked his friend to take part in a series of plots to poison the woman and her fetus with the deadly toxin at their home in Oklahoma City. These included acting as a pizza delivery driver. Suspect: They also included dissolving the substance in a can of soda before handing it to the victim. Seeds: Rhoads allegedly told his former co-worker he had extracted ricin from the seeds of a castor bean plant (pictured) after downloading a poison manual from the internet. A single dose of the toxin can kill. Symptoms of ricin poisoning include trouble breathing, coughing, nausea, fever, seizures and vomiting. A single dose of the toxin, made up of only a few grains, can kill. After showing his friend the vial on April 6, Rhoads allegedly asked him to dress up as a pizza delivery person, before giving a pizza sprinkled with ricin to the victim. However, the suspect later decided against that particular plot because he did not wish for his girlfriend's parents to get sick, it is alleged. He then reportedly suggested that his unidentified would-be accomplice hide the toxin in a soft drink and give it to his girlfriend. Deadly plan: Rhoads (pictured in his mugshot, left, and in a Facebook picture, right)  referenced the hit U.S. crime drama Breaking Bad, before showing his friend a vial of the toxic substance, according to an affidavit. Crime drama: On the show, lead character Walter White (pictured) prepares ricin twice as a form of killing - preferring it to other methods because it leaves behind little or no trace of its use on the victim. Rhoads was hoping the ricin would poison his pregnant girlfriend and therefore kill his unborn child, the affidavit said. It added: 'Rhoads stated that if the girlfriend were to die in the process, Rhoads is okay with the result.' However, Rhoads's alleged plot fell through when his former co-worker notified the FBI on April 17. Rhoads, who was later arrested and charged, remains in jail without bond. Raid: Rhoads's alleged plot fell through when his former co-worker notified the FBI on April 17. Above, the suspect's home is pictured being raided agents wearing hazmat suits earlier this year.

Highlights: