By. Chris Greenwood. PUBLISHED:. 16:03 EST, 19 July 2013. |. UPDATED:. 05:31 EST, 20 July 2013. For richer for poorer, for better for worse, in sickness and in health …. They made their vows a month ago, but Tamara Ecclestone and new husband Jay Rutland could hardly have expected them to be tested so soon. Barely three days after they arrived back in London after an extended honeymoon, Mr Rutland was robbed at knifepoint. Two men in hoodies allegedly stole Jay Rutland's £50,000 Rolex watch and a £20,000 gold bracelet as he relieved himself in bushes. Honeymoon's over: Tamara Ecclestone and her husband Jay Rutland at Ilford Police Station. The self-styled ‘international playboy’ was left battered and bruised in the attack, which happened in a side street near a garage. Two men in hoodies stole his £50,000 Rolex watch and a £20,000 gold bracelet. Mr Rutland, 32, said he was driving home alone from a friend’s house shortly after midnight on Wednesday when his fuel gauge started flashing, so he stopped for petrol at a garage off the A12 in Wanstead, East London. He had gone to relieve himself in some bushes in a secluded corner when he was approached by two men who he claims threatened him before assaulting and robbing him. One produced a knife and demanded cash and valuables, then Mr Rutland was hit in the face and knocked to the ground. During the scuffle one of the attackers dropped his phone. Mr Rutland picked it up and later handed it to police, which helped identify the man. Three people from the petrol station came to help Mr Rutland when they heard his screams and shouts. A close friend of Mr Rutland said: ‘It was a fairly vicious attack and Jay did sustain some mild injuries. He is very bruised and shaken.’ He had cuts to his face and a black eye when he arrived at Ilford police station the day after the robbery, accompanied by 29-year-old Miss Ecclestone. On the night of the attack it is believed. Rutland was driving his £100,000 customised Range Rover, which has his. name emblazoned across the bonnet. Mr Rutland married Miss Ecclestone, the socialite daughter of billionaire Formula One boss Bernie, at a lavish £7million celebration in Cannes last month. Three people from the petrol station came to help Mr Rutland when they heard his screams. Residents who live near the garage said the area was not known for crime and they were shocked at the robbery. One said: ‘I can’t believe something like that would happen. Especially at the garage and on such a busy road. We didn’t hear anything, and it was just a normal night.’ Mr Rutland married Miss Ecclestone, the socialite daughter of billionaire Formula One boss Bernie, at a lavish £7million celebration in Cannes last month. The couple have spent the weeks since enjoying a string of holidays, first on the French Riviera and then to the Italian island of Capri. After their wedding, the couple have spent the weeks since enjoying a string of holidays. Jay had an expensive looking gold watch while in the Bahamas earlier this month, although it's unknown if this is the one stolen. The robbery happened three days after their latest jaunt, to the Bahamas. Mr Rutland’s high-earning career in the City ended in shame last year, when he was banned from trading over ‘market abuse’. The Financial Services Authority concluded he was not a ‘fit and proper person’ and his behaviour demonstrated a lack of ‘honesty and integrity’. A decade earlier he was accused of selling cocaine out of a pub in Epping. A 21-year-old man appeared in court yesterday accused of  robbery and possession of an offensive weapon. He was remanded in custody. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.
Summarize the highlights of this article.