By. Ryan Kisiel and David Wilkes. PUBLISHED:. 07:35 EST, 16 May 2013. |. UPDATED:. 19:37 EST, 16 May 2013. After her mother was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease, Julia Wilkerson lovingly cared for her. But after six years, the strain on the former county golf champion became too much – and she hit the 71-year-old over the head with a broom. It happened during an argument while they were clearing out the garage at their £250,000 detached, four-bedroom home. Sportswoman Julia Wilkerson, 40, lashed out after caring for her 71-year-old mother. The blow left Clover Wilkerson. bleeding and led to her daughter, a former team captain of the Norfolk. Ladies County Golf Association and five times winner of the Norfolk. county championships, facing prosecution for assault. The pair’s ‘loving relationship’ broke. down as Wilkerson, 40, struggled to cope under the immense strain of. being a carer, King’s Lynn magistrates’ court was told. She had fallen into a ‘cycle of. resentment and guilt’ and feared her life was no longer her own. Yvonne. Neil, prosecuting, said Wilkerson’s mother admitted slapping her. daughter on the back first during the argument in the garage. That led to Wilkerson hitting her mother with the broom, which was an ‘entirely disproportionate’ reaction, the lawyer added. Ian Graham, defending, said it was an ‘unfortunate case of two people who clearly love each other’. Wilkerson, a former team captain of Norfolk Ladies County Golf Association and five-time winner of Norfolk county championships, found herself hauled into court. ‘The relationship has got into. difficulty,’ he said. ‘Julia has siblings but she was the person who. decided to take on the very serious responsibility of becoming her. carer. It appears to have got too much for her.’ Mr Graham said Wilkerson was someone. with previous good  character who had got into a  ‘difficult situation’ with her mother but it was hoped the two would now be able to reconcile. their differences. Wilkerson, of King’s Lynn,  Norfolk,. was given a 12-month  conditional discharge after magistrates were given. character references showing her to be a ‘very caring person’. Presiding magistrate Jill Skinner said: ‘Both you and your mother are probably very upset by the whole thing.’ Wilkerson, who had denied a charge of. assault by beating at a previous hearing, was also ordered to pay £100. costs and a £15 victim surcharge. Police yesterday confirmed that. Wilkerson’s mother complained about her daughter on the day of the. attack, October 5 last year, which led to her arrest. Wilkerson was living with her mother at the time. Speaking at the house yesterday, her. mother said: ‘My daughter does not live here any more and it was part of. her bail conditions. ‘She works at a health centre but I. don’t want to make any further comment.’ Mrs Wilkerson lives a mile away. from her former husband Albert, who is remarried, and son Paul, 35. Neither was available to comment yesterday. Barbara Williams, director of research. and support charity  Parkinson’s UK, said: ‘Parkinson’s is an incurable. condition that progresses over time, and caring for someone with. Parkinson’s can have a profound effect on mental and physical wellbeing. ‘It’s very common for carers to feel. stressed, fatigued and have difficulty sleeping but very often they. don’t prioritise their own care, missing doctor’s appointments and. putting off getting help. ‘Nonetheless they have the  courage to keep going, and the  support carers contribute is invaluable.’ She urged carers in need of support. themselves to contact the charity’s support workers and groups to ‘help. take the pressure out of the pressure cooker’.
What are the important parts of this article?