Benefits Street has been cleared of breaching broadcasting rules despite sparking more than 900 complaints. The controversial Channel 4 show prompted a furore in January from viewers who claimed it was 'poverty porn' which misrepresented benefit claimants across Britain. But broadcasting watchdog Ofcom ruled the show about James Turner Street, Birmingham, was clearly a portrayal of one street and not wider society. Scroll down for video. Furore: The Channel 4 show Benefits Street, which included controversial welfare claimant 'White' Dee Kelly (pictured), has been cleared of breaching Ofcom's guidelines despite sparking more than 900 complaints. The watchdog admitted parts of the show would offend some viewers but said: 'The beginning of every episode in the. series included an introduction in which the narrator stated: "James. Turner Street in Birmingham is not your average street…and most of the. residents are claiming benefits." 'The aim of the series was therefore. presented as being a record of the daily lives of some of the residents. of this particular road to inform viewers about their lives and their. community. 'Ofcom’s view was that it would have been clear to viewers,. over the course of the series, that this was an observational. documentary about the experiences of one community. 'Therefore, after careful consideration, we. concluded that overall Channel 4 ensured there was sufficient context. over the course of the series to justify the offence and that it applied. generally accepted standards.' The series was a ratings hit for. Channel 4 but drew criticism for allegedly demonising those living on. the breadline. It caused a stir when it was screened. and prompted discussion in Parliament as well as public meetings in the. area where some of those featured claimed they were misrepresented. Ruling: Ofcom said the portrayal of James Turner Street (pictured) was not meant to reflect all of Britain. The vast majority of complaints - 887 - were about the way. those on benefits were portrayed. Some 23 viewers also raised fears about. children and young people featured in the show and the care which was. given by programme makers for their welfare and dignity. Ofcom also ruled in Channel 4's favour on these complaints, none of which were from those featured in the show, saying: 'After a thorough assessment of the evidence,. Ofcom found sufficient steps were taken before, during and after. production to protect the welfare of the children that appeared in the. programme and that any potentially offensive material was justified by. the context in which it was presented. 'Ofcom has therefore concluded. that the series did not breach its rules.' There. were also 40 complaints about the programmes demonstrating criminal. techniques, including shoplifting. But Ofcom said it was. satisfied that there was an editorial justification for their inclusion. and there were not enough details for people to copy the techniques. Controversy: James Turner Street in Birmingham became the subject of a national debate in January. A Channel 4 spokesman said: 'We welcome Ofcom's finding that Benefits Street did not breach the code in any respect. 'We are proud that our robust duty of care protocols for the child contributors have been praised for "demonstrating best practice", and for the recognition that we 'ensured the interests of the under-18s who featured in Benefits Street were protected and that due care was applied before, during and after production. 'Ofcom noted that the series "illustrated important issues facing some children living in contemporary Britain" and that "the children's welfare was at the heart of the production".'
Summarize the highlights of this article.