Given the question: Information:  - The Magnificent Seven is a 1960 American Western film directed by John Sturges and starring Charles Bronson, Yul Brynner, Horst Buchholz, James Coburn, Brad Dexter, Steve McQueen, Robert Vaughn, and Eli Wallach. The film is an Old West-style remake of Akira Kurosawa's 1954 Japanese masterpiece "Seven Samurai". Brynner, McQueen, Buchholz, Charles Bronson, Robert Vaughn, James Coburn, and Brad Dexter portray the title characters, a group of seven gunfighters hired to protect a small village in Mexico from a group of marauding bandits and their leader (Wallach). The film's musical score was composed by Elmer Bernstein. In 2013, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".  - John Eliot Sturges (January 3, 1910  August 18, 1992) was an American film director. His movies include "Bad Day at Black Rock" (1955), "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral" (1957), "The Magnificent Seven" (1960), "The Great Escape" (1963), and "Ice Station Zebra" (1968). In 2013, "The Magnificent Seven" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". He was not related to director Preston Sturges.  - United Artists (UA) is an American film and television entertainment studio. The studio was founded in 1919 by D. W. Griffith, Charlie Chaplin, Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks with the intention of controlling their own interests rather than depending upon commercial studios. The studio was repeatedly bought, sold and restructured over the ensuing century.  - By Love Possessed is a 1961 drama film distributed by United Artists . The movie was directed by John Sturges , and written by Charles Schnee , based on the novel by James Gould Cozzens . Lana Turner , Jason Robards , George Hamilton and Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. head the cast . Hamilton called it `` an Ivy League Peyton Place '' . The theme song is performed by Vic Damone . This was director Sturges ' first film project after his Western classic , The Magnificent Seven . On July 19 , 1961 , this became the first in - flight movie to be shown on a regular basis on a scheduled airline flight , by Trans World Airlines to its first - class passengers .  - The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral was a 30-second shootout between lawmen and members of a loosely organized group of outlaws called the Cowboys that took place at about 3:00 p.m. on Wednesday, October 26, 1881 in Tombstone, Arizona Territory. It is generally regarded as the most famous shootout in the history of the American Wild West. The gunfight was the result of a long-simmering feud, with Cowboys Billy Claiborne, Ike and Billy Clanton, and Tom and Frank McLaury on one side and town Marshal Virgil Earp, Special Policeman Morgan Earp, Special Policeman Wyatt Earp, and temporary policeman Doc Holliday on the other side. All three Earp brothers had been the target of repeated death threats made by the Cowboys, who objected to the Earps' interference in their illegal activities. Billy Clanton and both McLaury brothers were killed. Ike Clanton claimed that he was unarmed and ran from the fight, along with Billy Claiborne. Virgil, Morgan, and Doc Holliday were wounded, but Wyatt Earp was unharmed. The shootout has come to represent a period of the American Old West when the frontier was virtually an open range for outlaws, largely unopposed by law enforcement officers who were spread thin over vast territories.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'composer' with 'elmer bernstein'.
The answer is: