By. Ashley Collman. PUBLISHED:. 09:48 EST, 4 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 12:54 EST, 4 November 2013. What started off as an innocent student tradition where upperclassmen men would present freshman women with a red rose and peck on the cheek at midnight has turned into something more debauched and, in some ways, dangerous. Full Moon on the Quad is a Stanford University tradition started in the late 1800s that went out of style for many years before being resurrected in the 1980s with the addition of binge drinking. On the first full moon on the school year, students get drunk and many dress up in costume or body paint to lock lips with as many people from midnight to 1am. This year it was held on October 22 instead of the full moon because of a conflict with homecoming. Welcome to college: On the first full moon of the school year, students at Stanford University participate in a 120-year-old tradition where freshman make out with upperclassmen on the quad. 'If you are single and want to make out with people, you just go up and kiss them,' senior Molly Vorwerck told ABC News. 'Usually they are people you know or know of - rarely a stranger. A lot of people are pretty tipsy and have a really good time.' Modern additions to this 'orgy of interclass kissing' (as it's been described in the New York Times) include a same-sex area and a bingo game where different kinds of students make up the different boxes: a pair of twins, a red head, someone who got a 2,400 on the SAT. The goal of the game is to get five in a row or all of the boxes for a blackout. The middle box is always the Stanford mascot - the Tree. This year's mascot, Calvin Studebaker, estimated that he kissed 566 people - a new record. 'Never kiss the Tree,' alumna Amanda Ach warned in the Times. 'He's like Patient Zero.' The number one issue for administrators is that the tradition occurs during flu season and that the mass exchange of saliva could spark an outbreak. Every year they attempt to educate the students on proper safety measures to ward off the cold or something worse like meningitis. 'We tell them, "Don't floss beforehand, don't brush, don't do anything that could create microabrasions in your gums for germs to get in."' said Michelle Lee Mederos, an educator who graduated in 2011. 'And we have tables where we offer mints and little Dixie cups of mouthwash.' Modern spin: Full Moon on the Quad has become much more debauched since being revamped in the late 1980s. This year's event happened on October 22 due to a conflict with homecoming. Students kissed outside the school's old student union building, right. But for Dr William Schaffner, professor and chair of preventative medicine at Vanderbilt University, the real problem is not the spread of disease. 'The. emphasis on permission and mutual consent is absolutely critical. The. actual health hazard is probably very, very small and would be difficult. to measure,' Dr Schaffner said. 'Certainly if we have impaired males, who tend to get more aggressive, and females tend to get more submissive or accommodating, that's where the issues come up with the drinking and morning after regrets. ' The school has only cancelled the event once - in 2009 when many East Coast schools were dealing with an outbreak of swine flu. The tradition continued on an unofficial basis. Francisca Gilmore was a freshman that year and attended the event. She says she's gotten strep throat twice from participating. 'The repercussions were brutal, and I wish I had done better on the Econ 1A final I took later. But I think in the long run, getting to tell people I've kissed over 50-plus people in a night is worth it,' she said.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: