By. Becky Barrow. Last updated at 9:55 AM on 4th November 2011. Britain's beleaguered Post Offices came under attack yesterday in a move which will leave millions of savers stranded. In a shock announcement, National Savings & Investments revealed plans to end its 150-year relationship with the network. It marks a watershed moment for the two organisations, which used to be one company called the Post Office Savings Bank, founded in 1861. They were separated in 1969. Goodbye letter: National Savings & Investments are to end their 150-year relationship with the Post Office. The country’s 11,800 Post Offices. are a vital lifeline for savers, particularly the elderly, who go into. their local branch to withdraw money from their NS&I savings. NS&I. products, such as its Investment Account which has 2.4million users,. are hugely popular because it is the only savings giant which offers a. 100 per cent guarantee on all money. But. yesterday NS&I said it has decided to gradually cut its ties with. the Post Office, in a move described by postal experts as ‘bitterly. disappointing’. They fear it is another nail in the coffin for the Post Offices which, in many villages, represent the only remaining shop. Over. the next two years, NS&I will force all its customers to start. using the internet, the telephone or the post to contact them. They will. not be able to use the Post Office for common transactions such as. depositing or withdrawing money. There. is only one exception. Premium Bonds will still be bought and sold at. Post Office counters for at least the next four years. The. contract will be reviewed in 2015, although an NS&I spokesman said. yesterday that a review is ‘perfectly normal’ and should not raise. alarm. She added: ‘We intend for Premium Bonds to remain on sale over the Post Office counter.’ The Post Office has been. haemorrhaging lucrative Government contracts, such as renewing the BBC. TV licence. Most recently, it emerged it will lose the £20million a year. so-called ‘Green Giros’ contract – the payment of benefit cheques to. vulnerable people with no bank account. George Thomson, general secretary of the. National Federation of Sub-Postmasters, said: ‘We are surprised and. bitterly disappointed by NS&I’s decision. This news reinforces the. urgent need for ministers to deliver on their pledge to make the Post. Office the “front office” for government.’ Ministers have repeatedly pledged that. there will be ‘no programme of closures’ like under the previous. Government. When Labour came to power in 1997, there were just over. 19,000 outlets in the UK. As a result of Labour’s closure programme,. there are now 11,800. The first two NS&I accounts to be. hit – the Investment Account and the Easy Access Savings Account – have. a total of more than 2.5million customers who have a total of. £6.2billion with NS&I. But. last night it said the Children’s Bonus Bonds, which has 1.2million. customers, will also disappear from Post Offices at some point. An. NS&I spokesman said: ‘We have not finalised our plans but we expect. them to be only available from NS&I.’ The. decision was fuelled by the Post Office’s decision to set up its own. savings arm, in a joint venture with the Bank of Ireland in 2004. It has. around £13billion of savers’ money. A. Department for Business spokesman said: ‘This Government is committed. to the Post Office network, which is why we have set aside £1.34billion. of funding over the next four years to help secure its future.’ Ian Tonks, national officer at Unite,. said: ‘This will only serve to increase financial exclusion, preventing. citizens without access to the internet from accessing NS&I. products.’
Summarize the highlights of this article.