Given the information, we can identify multiple pairs of subject and object entities that have a relationship defined by being 'located on a terrain feature'. 

1. Subject: Dortmund 
   Object: North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
   Explanation: Dortmund, an independent city, is located in the terrain feature which is North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

2. Subject: Cologne
   Object: Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
   Explanation: Cologne, the largest city in North Rhine-Westphalia and Germany's fourth-largest city, is positioned within the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region terrain.

3. Subject: Danube River
   Object: Central and Eastern Europe
   Explanation: The Danube, Europe's second-longest river, and the longest river in the European Union region is situated in the terrain feature, which is Central and Eastern Europe.

4. Subject: Essen
   Object: North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
   Explanation: Essen, a city in Germany with a population of approximately 589,000, is located in the terrain feature, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
   
5. Subject: Emmerich am Rhein
   Object: River Rhine, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
   Explanation: Emmerich am Rhein is a city located on the terrain feature River Rhine in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

6. Subject: The Ruhr 
   Object: North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
   Explanation: The Ruhr, or the Ruhr district, Ruhr region, Ruhr area or Ruhr valley, is a terrain feature located in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

7. Subject: The Netherlands
   Object: Western Europe
   Explanation: The Netherlands, a densely populated country, is situated in the Western Europe terrain.

8. Subject: Düsseldorf Messe
   Object: Düsseldorf, Germany
   Explanation: Düsseldorf Messe, a trade fair ground, is located in the Düsseldorf, Germany terrain.
 
9. Subject: The Düssel
   Object: River Rhine, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
   Explanation: The Düssel, a small right tributary of the River Rhine, is situated in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

10. Subject: Westphalia 
    Object: North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
    Explanation: Westphalia, a region in northwestern Germany, is located in the larger terrain, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

11. Subject: The Rhineland
    Object: Western Germany
    Explanation: The Rhineland, is based in Western Germany.

12. Subject: The Swiss Alps
    Object: Switzerland
    Explanation: The Swiss Alps, a major natural feature of the country, is located terrain feature in Switzerland.

13. Subject: Germany
    Object: Central-western Europe
    Explanation: Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is situated in the central-western Europe terrain.

14. Subject: Düsseldorf
    Object: North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
    Explanation: Düsseldorf, the capital city of the Germany state of North Rhine-Westphalia, is situated within the German terrain.

15. Subject: The Alps
    Object: Europe
    Explanation: The Alps, the highest and most extensive mountain range system entirely in Europe is located in the overall terrain of Europe.

16. Subject: Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region 
    Object: North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
    Explanation: The Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region, the largest metropolitan region in Germany, is located in the North Rhine-Westphalia terrain.

17. Subject: The Lower Rhine region
    Object: North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
    Explanation: The Lower Rhine region is a terrain located in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

18. Subject: Cleves
    Object: Lower Rhine region, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany
    Explanation: Cleves, a town in the Lower Rhine region of northwestern Germany, is situated in the Lower Rhine region, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.