Problem:In the 1982 cartoon series produced by Hanna-Barbera, he was voiced by Peter Cullen. In the 1994 feature film remake of The Little Rascals, Pete is an American Bulldog, and in the 2014 movie The Little Rascals Save the Day, Pete is a mutt.

Based on this passage, what kind of dog is petey from the little rascals save the day?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: In the 1994 feature film remake of The Little Rascals, Pete is an American Bulldog, and in the 2014 movie The Little Rascals Save the Day, Pete is a mutt.
a mutt.

Student A:The council has been controlled by the Conservative Party since it was first elected in 1964.

Kensington and chelsea council are they labour or conservative?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The council has been controlled by the Conservative Party since it was first elected in 1964.
Conservative.

Problem:The current Nigerian Minister of Finance is Kemi Adeosun

Answer this question based on the passage: what is the name of the minister of finance in nigeria?
Solution:OK... The important part for answering this question is: The current Nigerian Minister of Finance is Kemi Adeosun
Kemi Adeosun.

Student A:Raúl Eduardo Esparza (born October 24, 1970) is an American stage and television actor, singer, and voice artist, best known for his role as Rafael Barba in Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. He has received Tony nominations for his role as Philip Salon in the Boy George musical Taboo in 2004; Robert, an empty man devoid of connection in the musical comedy Company in 2006; a lazy and snarky man in Harold Pinter's The Homecoming; and an aggressive volatile movie producer in David Mamet's Speed the Plow. He played the role of Riff Raff on Broadway in the revival of The Rocky Horror Show and the role of Caractacus Potts in the Broadway musical Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.

Who plays rafael barba on law and order?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Raúl Eduardo Esparza (born October 24, 1970) is an American stage and television actor, singer, and voice artist, best known for his role as Rafael Barba in Law & Order: Special Victims Unit.
Raúl Eduardo Esparza ( born October 24 , 1970 ).

Problem:William Everett "Bud" Luckey (July 28, 1934 -- February 24, 2018) was an American animator and actor. He best known for his work at Pixar, where he worked as a character designer on a number of films, including Toy Story, Boundin', Toy Story 2, A Bug's Life, Monsters, Inc., Finding Nemo, Cars and Ratatouille. Luckey was also known as the voice of Rick Dicker in The Incredibles, Chuckles the Clown in Toy Story 3 and as Eeyore in the 2011 Winnie the Pooh film.

Who is the voice of the clown in toy story 3?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: Luckey was also known as the voice of Rick Dicker in The Incredibles, Chuckles the Clown in Toy Story 3 and as Eeyore in the 2011 Winnie the Pooh film.
William Everett `` Bud '' Luckey.

Problem:Jonathan Mayhew, Old West Church's second Congregational pastor, used the phrase, "No Taxation Without Representation" in a sermon in 1750. The phrase revives a sentiment central to the cause of the English Civil War following the refusal of parliamentarian John Hampden to pay ship money tax. "No Taxation Without Representation," in the context of British American Colonial taxation, appeared for the first time in the February 1768 London Magazine headline, on page 89, in the printing of Lord Camden's "Speech on the Declaratory Bill of the Sovereignty of Great Britain over the Colonies."

Answer this question based on the passage: who said the phrase no taxation without representation?
Solution: