By. Andy Dolan. PUBLISHED:. 17:02 EST, 26 December 2013. |. UPDATED:. 07:23 EST, 27 December 2013. An inmate walked out of a notorious open prison dubbed ‘Holiday Bay’ because he wanted to avoid the ‘temptation of illegal drugs’, a court heard. Graeme Shepherd, 41, browsed in a village post office and strolled around the village of Hollesley for three hours before being arrested in the grounds of a church. His barrister told a court he had taken ‘positive action’ to escape Hollesley Bay prison in the hope of being sent back to a closed jail, after an earlier formal request for a transfer had been turned down by the open jail. Graeme Shepherd fled Hollesley Bay jail (pictured) as he claimed he wanted to avoid the 'temptation of illegal drugs' Alan Wheetman, defending, said the request to be moved from the category D jail at Hollesley, near Woodbridge, Suffolk, was refused because Shepherd had refused to name prisoners involved in the supply of drugs. Mr Wheetman told Ipswich Crown Court on Tuesday: ‘He realised that in order to get away from Hollesley Bay he would have to take some positive action. 'He realised that anyone who escaped would be transferred back to closed conditions. ‘He has found it difficult in an open prison because of the temptation of illegal drugs. He says there is an awful lot of drugs in Hollesley Bay.’ Lee Chapman (pictured) previously claimed drugs were readily available at the prison as well as mobile phones. Mr Wheetman said Shepherd had been free of drugs since 2009 and had undergone regular voluntary testing in prison. Prosecutor Hugh Vass said Shepherd was found missing by a prison officer carrying out a morning roll call on December 11. Shepherd, who is serving an indefinite sentence for robbery, was located in the grounds of All Saints Church, Hollesley, by a policeman later that day. Mr Vass said: ‘He said he didn’t want to go back to drug taking and had done it for his own safety.’ Shepherd admitted escaping from lawful custody on December 11 and was ordered to serve an additional four months on top of his original sentence by Judge Rupert Overbury. Hollesley Bay prison has long been nicknamed Holiday Bay because of its relaxed atmosphere and sea views. A serving prisoner claimed in November last year that drugs and phones were easily available at the prison and that women had stayed overnight at the jail. The claims were made at Ipswich Crown Court by a barrister representing Lee Chapman, 34, before the defendant was sentenced for carrying out six burglaries while on the run from the jail - where he was serving a life sentence for arson with intent to endanger life, and burglary. Prison bosses strenuously denied the claim that women were permitted to sleep at the jail and said the possession of drugs or phones by inmates was treated as a criminal offence. Another inmate William Barlow, 30, who also went on the run because he did not like the jail’s ‘lax attitude’ to drugs was jailed for four weeks last October. Ipswich Crown Court heard how the defendant wanted to escape the jail as he is trying not to take illegal drugs. Ipswich Crown Court head how former drug user Barlow hoped to get caught and transferred to another prison even though he only had two weeks left to serve of a three and a half year sentence for burglary. He claimed he had to get away because other inmates were putting pressure on him to bring Class A drugs into the jail. In October, bank raider Kevin Smith, 29, went on the run from the prison just ten days after he had arrived. He had been transferred to the jail just two months into a five year term for conspiracy to commit burglary and conspiracy to steal a motor vehicle.

What are highlight points for this article?