We are already living through the worst refugee crisis since World War II. There are countries in Africa and the Middle East bursting at the seams with refugees. For generations American diplomats have joined the United Nations in urging those countries to keep their borders open, and to uphold international standards on the treatment of refugees. Many do just that with exemplary generosity. 
  
 What will be our response if other countries use national security as an excuse to start turning people away, or deny rights on the basis of religion? What could this mean for the Rohingya from Myanmar, or for Somali refugees, or millions of other displaced people who happen to be Muslim? And what does this do to the absolute prohibition in international law against discrimination on the grounds of faith or religion? 
  
 The truth is that even if the numbers of refugees we take in are small, and we do the bare minimum, we do it to uphold the United Nations conventions and standards we fought so hard to build after World War II, for the sake of our own security. 
  
 If we Americans say that these obligations are no longer important, we risk a free-for-all in which even more refugees are denied a home, guaranteeing more instability, hatred and violence. 
  
 If we create a tier of second-class refugees, implying Muslims are less worthy of protection, we fuel extremism abroad, and at home we undermine the ideal of diversity cherished by Democrats and Republicans alike: “America is committed to the world because so much of the world is inside America,” in the words of Ronald Reagan. If we divide people beyond our borders, we divide ourselves. 
  
 The lesson of the years we have spent fighting terrorism since Sept. 11 is that every time we depart from our values we worsen the very problem we are trying to contain. We must never allow our values to become the collateral damage of a search for greater security. Shutting our door to refugees or discriminating among them is not our way, and does not make us safer. Acting out of fear is not our way. Targeting the weakest does not show strength. 
  
 We all want to keep our country safe. So we must look to the sources of the terrorist threat — to the conflicts that give space and oxygen to groups like the Islamic State, and the despair and lawlessness on which they feed. We have to make common cause with people of all faiths and backgrounds fighting the same threat and seeking the same security. This is where I would hope any president of our great nation would lead on behalf of all Americans. ||||| By Amanda Wicks 
  
 Hollywood’s A-listers have a message for anyone concerned about the next four years underneath President Trump. A bevy of stars gathered to sing a version of Gloria Gaynor’s single “I Will Survive,” reimagining the 1979 disco hit as an anti-Trump anthem of sorts. 
  
 Related: Snoop Dogg Ready to Roast ‘Uncle Tom’ Inauguration Performers 
  
 Emma Stone, Michelle Williams, Matthew McConaughey, Natalie Portman, Taraji P. Henson, Amy Adams, Chris Pine, Andrew Garfield and more participated in the video. “This is going to be interesting, guys,” Garfield says at the beginning. “It may get too real.” Some stars chose to sing while others treated the lyrics as more of a spoken word performance. 
  
 The video appeared as part of W Magazine‘s The Scene, and the publication had this to say about its reason for releasing a star-studded version: “While the song has long been interpreted through a socially conscious lens, it’s the kind of anthem we need now more than ever with the inauguration bearing down on us. With an impending Donald Trump presidency, I will survive.” |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?