Information:  - John Albert Vasa ( Jan Albert Waza ) ( 25 June 1612 -- 29 December 1634 ) was a Polish cardinal , and a Prince - Bishop of Warmia and Kraków . He was the son of Swedish and Polish King Sigismund III Vasa and Austrian archduchess Constance of Austria .  - John III (20 December 1537  17 November 1592) was King of Sweden from 1568 until his death. He was the son of King Gustav I of Sweden and his second wife Margaret Leijonhufvud. He was also, quite autonomously, the ruler of Finland, as "Duke John" from 1556 to 1563. In 1581 he assumed also the title Grand Prince of Finland. He attained the Swedish throne after a rebellion against his brother Eric XIV. He is mainly remembered for his attempts to close the gap between the newly established Lutheran Church of Sweden and the Catholic church.  - Sigismund III Vasa (also known as "Sigismund III of Poland", , , , English exonym: "Sigmund"; 20 June 1566  30 April 1632  ) was King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, monarch of the united PolishLithuanian Commonwealth from 1587 to 1632, and King of Sweden (where he is known simply as "Sigismund") from 1592 as a composite monarchy until he was deposed in 1599. He was the son of King John III of Sweden and his first wife, Catherine Jagellonica of Poland.  - The word diocese is derived from the Greek term "" meaning "administration". When now used in an ecclesiastical sense, it refers to a territorial unit of administration. In the Western Church, the district is under the supervision of a bishop (who may have assistant bishops to help him or her) and is divided into parishes under the care of priests; but in the Eastern Church, the word denotes the area under the jurisdiction of a patriarch and the bishops under his jurisdiction administer parishes. This structure of church governance is known as episcopal polity.  - A Prince-Abbot is a title for a cleric who is a Prince of the Church (like a Prince-Bishop), in the sense of an "ex officio" temporal lord of a feudal entity, notably a State of the Holy Roman Empire. The secular territory ruled by the head of an abbey is known as Prince-Abbacy or Abbey-principality. The holder, however, does not hold the ecclesiastical office of a Bishop.  - In Christianity, an archbishop (via Latin "archiepiscopus", from Greek , from -, "chief", and , "bishop") is a bishop of higher rank or office. In some cases, like the Lutheran Church of Sweden, it is the denomination leader title. Like popes, patriarchs, metropolitans, cardinal bishops, diocesan bishops, and suffragan bishops, archbishops are in the highest of the three traditional orders of bishops, priests, also called presbyters, and deacons. An archbishop may be granted the title, or ordained as chief pastor of a metropolitan see or another episcopal see to which the title of archbishop is attached.  - A prince-bishop is a bishop who is also the civil ruler of some secular principality and sovereignty. Thus the principality or prince-bishopric ruled politically by a prince-bishop could wholly or largely overlap with his diocesan jurisdiction, since some parts of his diocese, even the city of his residence, could be exempt from his civil rule, obtaining the status of free imperial city. If the episcopal see is an archbishopric, the correct term is prince-archbishop; the equivalent in the regular (monastic) clergy is prince-abbot. A prince-bishop is usually considered an elected monarch.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'john albert vasa' exhibits the relationship of 'religion'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - catholic church  - christianity  - church  - church of sweden
The answer to this question is: