By. Associated Press. A Washington state grandmother could lose an eye after she bravely rescued her grandson who was being viciously attacked by an otter as he swam in a river on Thursday. Roxane Leilani Grove's grandmotherly instinct kicked in as soon as she heard the screams of her 8-year-old grandson, Bryce Moser, and then saw the horrible sight of an otter biting him aggressively in a swimming hole in the Pilchuck River - about 30 miles northeast of Seattle. 'I could see that it was biting into his head and it had its claws around him,' Grove told KOMO News. Scroll down for video. Attacked: Roxane Leilani Grove and her grandson Bryce Moser, left, with their injuries from an otter attack at Pilchuck River, Washington. 'I just. swam out there and I grabbed the claws to pull it off of him. 'I just remember trying to hold it as tight as I can and yelling "Get. him out of the water! Get him out of the water!"' Grove managed to get young Bryce out of the water but not before suffering her own injuries. 'It just started biting on me and biting on me and it felt like little knives just going in,' Grove told the TV station. The. pair were taken to a hospital where Grove reportedly received hundreds. of stitches to her face and head as well as the eye injury and Bryce. received nine staples in his head. State. and federal wildlife agents in Washington are trying to trap the otter. and it will likely be killed unless it is a female with pups, because it. has pounced on people, said Capt. Alan Myers of the Washington. Department of Fish and Wildlife. 'We're doing everything possible to capture than animal as soon as possible,' Myers said Friday. 'This is an extremely rare incident. Otters are not known to be aggressive toward people.' The boy's mother, Tabitha Moser, saw the four-foot otter attack her son and her mother saved him. A state worker was unable to find the otter, so expert trappers were called in from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Wildlife Services, Myers said. They'll try to trap it with a foot snare or tranquilize it. 'We're not sure if it's a hyper-aggressive male protecting territory or a female protecting its young,' Myers said. An eight-year-old boy and his grandmother were attacked by an otter in Washington's Pilchuck River. 'There's a lot of liability in trying to relocate an animal that's been hyper-aggressive, and it would likely be euthanized. If it's a female with pups, there's another possible outcome if we can find a good location.' But the otter would have to be killed in any case so its brain could be tested for rabies, if that's a concern for doctors treating the boy and his grandmother, he said. 'There are no known cases of otter rabies in Washington,; he said. 'That's an extremely remote possibility.' The grandmother was treated at Harborview. Medical Center in Seattle and the boy at Providence Medical Center in. Everett, the boy's mother, Tabitha Moser told KING. The attack took place in Washington's Pilchuck River - about 30 miles northeast of Seattle (pictured) 'All of a sudden I just heard him scream for his life. He was just bobbing up and down in the water and as he came up there was something all the way on top of his head,' she told KING. The otter continued to attack as they left the water. 'Even after it got into the river and out of our way it stood on its hind legs looking at us like, 'Don't do it again; don't come in here,'' she told KING. Myers said he has not heard of any other otter attacks in Washington but there have been some around the country. Lake Conner Park has been closed, and signs have been posted along the Pilchuck River warning people to beware of the otter, Myers said.

What are highlight points for this article?