Student A:The Ministry of Education, Science and Technology (Nepali: शिक्षा, विज्ञान तथा प्रविधि मन्त्रालय) is a governmental body of Nepal responsible for the overall development of education in Nepal. The ministry is responsible for formulating educational policies and plans and managing and implementing them across the country through the institutions under it. In 2018, under the second Oli cabinet, the portfolio of the ministry was enlarged and the portfolios of Science and Technology were added to the then Ministry of Education, while the Ministry of Science and Technology was discontinued. The current minister of Education, Science and Technology is Giriraj Mani Pokharel, who has already had this post in the first Oli cabinet in 2015.

Who is the present education minister of nepal?
Student B:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: The current minister of Education, Science and Technology is Giriraj Mani Pokharel, who has already had this post in the first Oli cabinet in 2015.
Giriraj Mani Pokharel.

Student A:Uzoamaka Nwanneka "Uzo" Aduba (/ ˈuːzoʊ əˈduːbə /; born February 10, 1981) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren on the Netflix original series Orange Is the New Black (2013 -- present), for which she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014, an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2015, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series in 2014 and 2015. She is one of only two actors to win an Emmy Award recognition in both the comedy and drama categories for the same role, the other being Ed Asner for the character Lou Grant.

Who played warren in orange is the new black?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: She is known for her role as Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren on the Netflix original series Orange Is the New Black (2013 -- present), for which she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014, an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2015, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series in 2014 and 2015.
Uzoamaka Nwanneka `` Uzo '' Aduba.

Student A:The finals ended with Atlético de Kolkata defeating the Kerala Blasters in a penalty shootout, 4 -- 3, in the final. The match was a rematch of the 2014 ISL final which Atlético de Kolkata won as well 1 -- 0.

Based on this passage, who won the title of isl football 2016?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The finals ended with Atlético de Kolkata defeating the Kerala Blasters in a penalty shootout, 4 -- 3, in the final.
Atlético de Kolkata.

Student A:Saint Paul (abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of 2017, the city's estimated population was 309,180. Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County, the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota. The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River, and adjoins Minneapolis, the state's largest city. Known as the "Twin Cities", the two form the core of Minneapolis -- Saint Paul, the 16th-largest metropolitan area in the United States, with about 3.6 million residents.

Answer this question: st paul is the capital of which usa state?
Student B: