Vivica A. Fox is a serial cougar! The 50-year-old star of films like Independence Day, Kill Bill and Soul Food has been quietly dating an actor almost 20-years her junior, and this isn't the first time she been with a much younger man. Fox has found love with 31-year-old co-star Robert Ri'chard. The two met on the set of the buzzed-about stripper film 'Chocolate City,' which was shot in Los Angeles in September. In the film, Ri'chard plays Devin - a college student recruited to be a stripper - and Fox actually plays his mother. Scroll down for video. Cougar: Vivica A. Fox, the 50-year-old star of films like Independence Day, Kill Bill and Soul Food has been quietly dating an actor almost 20-years her junior. Pumped: Robert Ri'chard plays Devin - a college student recruited to be a stripper - and Fox actually plays his mother in Chocolate City. Workout: When Ri'chard, who previously starred in TV series like One On One and Tyler Perry's Meet The Browns, was not shooting movie scenes or doing push-ups to keep his abs tight, he was sneaking off to Fox's trailer. Vivica, here with Donald Trump, joins Ian Ziering, Brandi Glanville, Geraldo Rivera, Kate Gosselin and Kenya Moore on the new season of Celebrity Apprentice. 'Oddly enough, despite the fact that she was playing his mother they had this magnetic chemistry,' a production insider tells MailOnline 'It was something about the way he looked at her that started people on the set chatting about something going on.' When Ri'chard, who previously starred in TV series like One On One and Tyler Perry's Meet The Browns, was not shooting movie scenes or doing push-ups to keep his abs tight, he was sneaking off to Fox's trailer. 'He always wanted to be around her. He kept finding ways to creep off to her trailer and they were always having to send a production assistant to go get him to come back and shoot scenes,' the insider added. Ri'chard wasn't shy around his co-stars when talking about Fox. When fellow actors like Tyson Beckford and Darrin Henson asked about their age difference, Ri'chard was clear: 'Age is nothing but a number,' he told them. Since the film has wrapped production, the couple has continued to date. The pair regularly have dinner together in Los Angeles and have quiet nights watching movies. In early 2003, Fox, then 37, started dating 24-year-old Washington Redskins player Darnerien McCants but the romance fizzled out after six months. Later in 2003, she dated rapper 50 Cent. She was 38 at the time and he was 27. 'Vivica originally resisted dating someone as young as him. But he was so persistent that she gave in. She figured, if men his age are still interested in her, why shouldn't she date them,' said the insider. Fox, who ended her four-year marriage to aspiring musician Christopher 'Sixx-Nine' Harvest in 2002, has previously dated younger men. In early 2003, Fox, then 37, started dating 24-year-old Washington Redskins player Darnerien McCants. That romance fizzled out after six months. Later that year, she dated rapper 50 Cent. She was 38 at the time and he was 27. Their relationship had a tumultuous ending. In 2008, a 44-year-old Fox began dating 26-year-old Atlanta promoter named Omar 'Slimm' White. After three years of dating, the couple called off their 10-month engagement in 2011. Vivica will join Ian Ziering, Brandi Glanville, Geraldo Rivera, Kate Gosselin and Kenya Moore on the new season of Celebrity Apprentice.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: