Here is a news article: Dec 23, 2013 3:10 PM by Matt Prichard 
  
 Girl mistakenly shot and killed by stepfather 
  
 A 14-year-old Colorado Springs girl is dead today after her stepfather shot her early this morning. Police on the scene tell News5 that the shooting is believed to be accidental. 
  
 Colorado Springs Police responded to the 4000th block of Ascendant Drive after hearing that there was a burglary in progress, and that shots had been fired. 
  
 Once on scene officers found the 14-year-old girl in the basement with a gunshot wound to the chest, and rushed her to the hospital. 
  
 Scanner traffic obtained by News 5 suggests that the teen was coming in through a window. 
  
 The girl passed away shortly after arriving at the hospital, and police are continuing their investigation at this time. 
  
 Click here to hear the scanner traffic from the Burglary in Progress call. 
  
 » There are multiple updates to this story. Please click here to get the latest information. ||||| COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - 
  
 Colorado Springs police say a 14-year-old girl has died after she was shot by her stepfather. 
  
 It happened at a home in the 4000 block of Ascendant Drive, near North Carefree Circle and Peterson Road. 
  
 Police were originally called to the home to investigate a burglary just before 6 a.m. on Monday, Dec. 23, 2013. The caller told dispatchers the burglar was shot. A little over a minute later, dispatch reports the sad news it wasn't a burglar. When police arrived, they found the 14-year-old suffering from life-threatening injuries. She died at a hospital. 
  
 Police and the District Attorney's Office are investigating. 
  
 Jani Harvey lives across the street from the family. She heard the gunshots early Monday morning. 
  
 "I heard three bangs," said Harvey. "I assumed it was someone hitting on a car or a garage door or something like that." 
  
 She said the noise was startling. 
  
 "I thought it was strange, and I thought it was an odd hour for it to be going on. It's kind of a quiet neighborhood," said Harvey. 
  
 Directly next door, Mary Zesiewicz was awakened by police knocking on her door. 
  
 "They were making sure everyone was o.k." Zesiewicz said. 
  
 After she went to work, Zesiewicz learned why police were so concerned after a phone call from her son. 
  
 "He goes Mom, they removed bullets from our wall...it's a very, very scary feeling," Zesiewicz said. 
  
 A KRDO NewsChannel 13 team is covering this investigation and will provide updates throughout the day on KRDO.com, KRDO NewsChannel 13 and KRDO NewsRadio 105.5 FM, 1240 AM. ||||| A 14-year-old girl mistaken for a burglar was fatally shot by her stepfather Monday at their residence in northeast Colorado Springs, Colorado Springs police said. 
  
 According to a statement from police spokesman Larry Herbert, the shooting happened just before 6 a.m. on the 4000 block of Ascendant Drive, off North Carefree Circle and Peterson Road. 
  
 "The initial call came in as a burglary-in-progress," Herbert said. 
  
 The girl was taken to an area hospital where she died of gunshot wounds. 
  
 The names of the girl and her stepfather will not be released by police, citing an ongoing investigation, Herbert said. 
  
 No arrests have been made; Herbert said the District Attorney's office will release any findings or updates. 
  
 Anyone with information can call police at 444-7000. 
  
 Check back at gazette.com for more on this story. |||||
A summary of this is?