Answer the following question: Information:  - `` The Dummy '' is episode 98 of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone starring Cliff Robertson as a ventriloquist . It is not to be confused with a similar episode Caesar and Me , in which Jackie Cooper plays a ventiloquist .  - John Cooper, Jr. (September 15, 1922  May 3, 2011), known as Jackie Cooper, was an American actor, television director, producer and executive. He was a child actor who managed to make the transition to an adult career. Cooper was the first child actor to receive an Academy Award nomination. At age nine, he was also the youngest performer to have been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor in a Leading Rolean honor that he received for the film "Skippy" (1931). For nearly 50 years, Cooper remained the youngest Oscar nominee in any category, until he was surpassed by Justin Henry's nomination, at age eight, in the Supporting Actor category for "Kramer vs. Kramer" (1979).  - Benjamin "Ben" Parker, usually called Uncle Ben, is a supporting character in the Marvel Universe's Spider-Man stories. He was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko. Modeled after American founding father Benjamin Franklin, this character portrays an influential role in the Spider-Man mythos.  - Kramer vs. Kramer is a 1979 American drama film adapted by Robert Benton from the novel by Avery Corman, and directed by Benton. The film tells the story of a couple's divorce and its impact on everyone involved, including the couple's young son. It received five Academy Awards at the 52nd Academy Awards in 1980, in the categories of Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actor, and Best Supporting Actress.  - Clifford Parker "Cliff" Robertson III (September 9, 1923  September 10, 2011) was an American actor with a film and television career that spanned half a century. Robertson portrayed a young John F. Kennedy in the 1963 film "PT 109", and won the 1968 Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in the movie "Charly". On television, he portrayed retired astronaut Buzz Aldrin in the 1976 adaptation of Aldrin's autobiographic "Return to Earth", played a fictional character based on Director of Central Intelligence Richard Helms in the 1977 miniseries "", and portrayed Henry Ford in the 1987 "Ford: The Man and the Machine". His last well-known film appearances were in 2002 through 2007 as Uncle Ben in the "Spider-Man" film trilogy.  - Charly (marketed and stylized as CHALY) is a 1968 American science fiction drama film, directed and produced by Ralph Nelson, and written by Stirling Silliphant.   - The Twilight Zone is an American television anthology series created by Rod Serling. The episodes are in various genres, including psychological horror, fantasy, science fiction, suspense, and psychological thriller; and often conclude with a macabre or unexpected twist, and usually with a moral. A popular and critical success, it introduced many Americans to common science fiction and fantasy tropes.  - "Caesar and Me" is episode 148 of the American television anthology series "The Twilight Zone" starring Jackie Cooper as a ventriloquist. It is not to be confused with a similar episode starring Cliff Robertson as a ventriloquist, "The Dummy".    'the dummy' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'screenwriter'?  Choices: - avery corman  - ralph nelson  - robert benton  - rod serling  - stan lee  - steve ditko  - stirling silliphant
Answer: