Here is an article:

VRE seeks feedback on railway extension

A community meeting on the Virginia Railway Express Gainesville-Haymarket Extension will be at 6 p.m. Wednesday at Piney Branch Elementary School, 8301 Linton Hall Rd., Brentsville.

VRE is seeking comments from commuters and county residents on the project’s final draft alternatives that will be considered by the VRE Operations Board.

The alternatives examine a VRE extension along the Southern Railroad Line, as well as the relocation of the Broad Run Station to the Godwin Drive area in Manassas. Each alternative would increase the frequency of trains from every 30 minutes to about every 20 minutes during morning and evening commute times, according to a news release.

PRTC adds Gainesville route, splits OmniRide

A new state-funded Potomac and Rappahannock Transportation Commission commuter bus route linking Gainesville directly with the Pentagon will start operating Dec. 12.

The new route is being provided by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission as part of its efforts to move more people and reduce traffic on Interstate 66 inside the Capital Beltway.

Also beginning Dec. 12, PRTC’s existing Manassas OmniRide commuter bus service will split into two routes — one serving Washington and the other serving the Pentagon. In addition, the Manassas-Washington route will offer service to L’Enfant Plaza.

For information, call 703-730-6664 or visit prtctransit.org.

County deploys five new recycling trailers

The Prince William County Solid Waste Division has placed five new Pro-Tilt recycling trailers throughout the county, in addition to the 16 recycling trailers it already operates.

According to a news release, the new single-stream trailers are more visible, have more capacity, accept additional material, and include clear guidelines and restrictions in English and Spanish to help users determine what items should be placed in the containers.

The trailers are at the Dale City Boys & Girls Club, 5070 Dale Blvd., Woodbridge; Exxon at the Glen, 4255 Seeton Sq., Lake Ridge; Minnieville Commuter Lot, Gemini Way, Woodbridge; Nokesville Park, 12560 Aden Rd., Nokesville; and the Dr. A.J. Ferlazzo Building, 5941 Donald Curtis Dr., Woodbridge

County residents will be able to put standard recyclable materials into the new trailers, including cans, plastic food and beverage containers, cartons, aluminum, glass bottles and jars, newspaper, office paper and junk mail, magazines and catalogues, paper bags, paperboard, and flattened cardboard boxes.

Water-quality strategy looks for public’s input

The Prince William County Public Works Department is seeking the public’s feedback on the action plan it will submit to the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality to show how it plans to reduce pollutants entering the Chesapeake Bay Watershed.

Comments may be emailed through Dec. 12 to Deb Oliver at doliver@pwcgov.org or Ben Eib at beib@pwcgov.org .

For information about the county’s water-quality action plans, visit pwcgov.org/publicworks.

NOVA names provost for Manassas campus

After a national search, Molly Lynch has been named provost for Northern Virginia Community College’s Manassas campus.

Lynch has served as interim provost since February.

She joined the college in 2003 as a member of the psychology faculty. In 2014, Lynch was selected as dean of the Manassas campus’s Communications Technologies and Social Sciences Division.

— Compiled by Sarah Lane

Write a title for it.