The determination from a section of Newcastle United fans to remove Alan Pardew from his position as manager has ramped up another notch as thousands of posters were printed demanding the 53-year-old be sacked. A campaign named SackPardew.com has grown immeasurably in its endeavours to convince owner Mike Ashley to dispense with the Magpies boss as frustration mounts on Tyneside. And the group behind the website claim they have printed more than 200 banners and 15,000 posters ready to be displayed when the Premier League's basement-boys host Hull City on Saturday - with the text used a parody on the Sports Direct logo, the company which Ashley owns. Newcastle United protest group 'SackPardew.com' have parodied owner Mike Ashley's Sports Direct logo. Alan Pardew's future as Newcastle boss is clouded in uncertainty, with a large section of fans on his back. A different 'SackPardew.com' banner was held up at Newcastle's 4-0 defeat to Southampton last weekend. The group claim to have printed more than 200 banners and 15,000 posters ahead of this weekend's match. The banners will be unveiled when Steve Bruce's (pictured) Hull City visit St James' Park on Saturday. A 'Pardew Out' banner in the away end at St Mary's Stadium during the Magpie's 4-0 loss to Southampton. The group contacted The Chronicle and told the paper they were confident the banners could be taken into St James' Park without any hassle. They said: 'They (the banners) are small enough to conceal so we can get them into the stadium, but we don't want to go down that road. 'We have contacted the club to let them know our plans and are still waiting to hear back from them. 'We have also let the police and council know our plans. We want this to be peaceful and well organised.' Having contracted the support of many pubs in Newcastle, fans will be able to collect banners from specific locations which will be revealed by the group before the match. VIDEO Pardew on the edge. The group say they have contacted the club and are confident they will be allowed to display their banners. Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley (centre) is being encouraged by fans to wield the axe and sack Pardew. Newcastle were hammered 4-0 at Southampton last week and this appears to have accelerated the campaign. Newcastle United's Fabricio Coloccini (left), Chiek Tiote (centre) and Jack Colback (right) look dejected. Alan Pardew (right) puts his hands to his face and closes his eyes in frustration during the Magpie's 4-0 loss. A protest van emblazoned with the campaign's logo will also drive to some of Newcastle's most-recognisable landmarks ahead of the game. Large banners were already held aloft emblazoned with the name of the website and with a smiling picture of Pardew during Newcastle's embarrassing 4-0 hammering at St Mary's last weekend. There were also fans' posters with the messages 'Pardew out' and 'Pardew is a muppet' displayed in the away end on the south coast. It seems that the defeat at Southampton prompted an acceleration of the campaign as photos show boxes and boxes of signs bearing the slogan being printed across the city. The Magpies are yet to win a game this season and sit bottom of the Premier League with just two points from four matches. Newcastle United fans hold up a banner with the words 'Pardew is a muppet' during the defeat to Saints. Supporters will be able to collect the posters from pubs around the city ahead of Saturday's match with Hull.
What are the important parts of this article?