Write a title for this article:

Last November Elon Musk promised he’d deliver his first Tesla Model S sedan by the end of July.

He beat his estimate by a month. Today eight people received keys to their new cars in a delivery ceremony headlined by California Governor Jerry Brown.

“I love it when people spend their money and make great stuff,” Brown roared to a boisterous crowd that had gathered at the Tesla factory in Fremont, Calif., to watch the exchange.

Musk said the car is about “breaking a spell.”

“The world has been under this illusion that electric cars cannot be as good as gasoline cars, that if you have to go with an electric car you’re accepting the car is worse,” he told the group. “What the Model S is about is breaking that illusion. It’s about showing that an electric car can be the best car in the world.”

Musk says cars should work as seamlessly—and require about as much maintenance—as an iPad. Plenty of people believe him. Tesla has sold out of all 5,000 Model S units planned for next year, with a waiting list 10,000 people deep (it costs $5,000 to reserve one). Most of the initial buyers are Californians, with an even split between men and women. Only 10 percent already own Tesla’s $109,000 Roadster.

“We believe customers will discover that this is the best car in every dimension – performance, safety, handling, the technology, the interface, styling, aesthetics,” Musk said. “It’s something that is fundamentally better.”

The Model S is impressive. It fits seven people and will go 0-60 miles per hour in 6.5 seconds at a cost of $49,900 after $7,500 in federal rebates (that’s with a 40 kWh battery and160-mile range). An $84,900 85 kWh Performance variant gives a 300-mile-range; a $97,900 Signature Performance version adds such niceties as Nappa leather interior, exterior carbon fiber and special wheels. Top speed on that puppy is 130 miles per hour, with a 4.4-second 60mph sprint time. Each variant comes with an eight-year, unlimited miles guarantee.

On the outside, the Model S is undeniably svelte, with sleek lines that evoke such stunners as the Aston Martin Rapide and the Porsche Panamera (yes, the Panamera’s looks are polarizing, but there is a resemblance, and some people love it). It was designed by Franz von Holzhausen, who had worked at Mazda and early in his career helped redesign Volkswagen’s Beetle.

“We set out to change the world,” von Holzhausen said. Goodies like the all-glass panoramic sunroof ($1,500), 17-inch touch-screen console and customizable charging options will certainly help sweeten the deal.

Indeed, the car has been designed to appeal to buyers of high-end sedans like the BMW 5-Series and the Panamera. Musk describes them as people who want something that handles better and drives faster than the standard premium sedan. And he doesn’t hesitate to add that Model S is gunning for would-be buyers of the $200,000 Aston Martin Rapide and $128,000 Maserati Quattroporte as well.

“From a performance standpoint we did consciously intend to beat them,” Musk says. “This is intended to be the best performance sedan out there.”

Well, that 4.4 sprint time will beat a 5-Series on the track. The sub-$100,000 MSRP will beat the Aston on price. The 300-mile drive range beats Chevy Volt’s 40-mile max. If production ramps up as much as Musk has promised—20,000 produced annually–this could be the start of something big. Stay tuned.

Follow me on Twitter: @HannahElliott

Follow me on Facebook: HannahElliott

Title: