Here is an article:

Padge Windslowe, a musician known as "Black Madam," faces trial for charges related to illegal cosmetic injections.

Philadelphia (CNN) -- A judge has ordered a singer known as "Black Madam" -- suspected of carrying out a fatal injection last year -- to stand trial on charges she performed illegal cosmetic procedures, including buttocks enhancements.

Police arrested Padge Victoria Windslowe in March before she was about to host a "pumping party," at which people pay for illegal silicone injections, police said.

The 42-year-old remains in jail on $750,000 bail. She was charged with aggravated assault and deceptive business practices after an illegal injection of silicone was pumped into the buttocks of a 23-year-old woman in February, police said. Windslowe is scheduled for a formal arraignment on June 6. A trial date has not been set.

The woman Windslowe is accused of injecting ended up in intensive care with possible silicone in her lung after paying $1,000 for the procedure, police said. She received the injection in the same house where Windslowe was arrested at another alleged "pumping party."

Police said Windslowe was sitting at the dining room table at the time of her arrest with unknown substances, syringes, cotton balls and instant glue.

Windslowe first came to the attention of law enforcement last year after the death of Claudia Aderotimi, 20, a British woman who paid $1,800 for buttocks enhancements in a hotel room near Philadelphia International Airport, according to police. Police say they believe Windslowe was responsible for injecting Aderotimi with a substance that was supposed to be silicone.

Windslowe has not been charged in connection with the death, which is still under investigation. The cause of death remains uncertain.

A 23-year-old exotic dancer testified Wednesday that the February 2012 injections that landed her in the hospital were not the first she'd received from Windslowe, according to CNN affiliate Philly.com.

"It was terrible ... her face was all over the news," she said. "I thought, 'That was the same person who was touching me,'" reported Philly.com.

Despite the controversy, she still went forward with the second procedure.

"She still has silicone in her lungs," Philadelphia district attorney Bridget Kirn told CNN affiliate KYW. "She'll continue to have silicone in her lungs, and the best hope that we have is that it stays there and she is able to have some quality of life. But as the doctor testified, it's precarious and we don't know."

A phone call to Windslowe's attorney Douglas Gould for comment was not immediately returned.

Underground cosmetic procedures have become a growing concern for health regulators. Investigators have had a difficult time tracking these procedures because they are performed by unlicensed providers.

"It's hard to tell how many people are utilizing that [type] of service," Tina Tan, a New Jersey state epidemiologist said.

Tan has heard reports of caulk and other products being used in the injections, as well as injection substances being purchased outside of medical supply stores, she said.

Not surprisingly, injecting these materials can result in serious health complications and death, she warned.

"In our cluster, these patients had to be hospitalized," she said, adding that such injections should be done by licensed health providers. "We do not recommend going in a hotel room with people who you don't know their credentials."

Write a title for it.