Read the text and answer the questions.

Any high school students lucky enough to be accepted to Harvard University can easily count themselves among the country's best and brightest. 

The story of David Boone's journey from sleeping on a park bench to one of Harvard's dorm rooms, certainly stands out from the crowd of his peers. 

David, a 17-year-old senior at a MC2 Stem, a high school in Cleveland, Ohio that focuses largely on engineering and science classes with the help of a grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, was offered a full-ride scholarship to Harvard in the fall. 

His family life has been complicated for the past few years after gangs and economic hardships resulted in him being separated from his family and forced to look after himself on the streets and park benches in Cleveland. 

Because both his grandmother and mother could not afford to house the teenagers, his siblings split up to stay with various family friends, but because of space issues and his allergies to the families pets, David was unable to stay. He ended up in the safer neighborhood of Coventry where there was a safer park with fewer dangers. 

"All of these life lessons have shaped me into who I am, transforming my dreams and aspirations and allowing me to free myself from what was becoming an unproductive environment," he wrote in his blog post. 

David's thirst for knowledge had never been reduced and his enthusiasm for engineering and science was growing. A short while later, Jeff McClellan, the principal of MC2 Stem was immediately impressed by David's dedication in the face of adversity, as well as his academic talent. 

"Here's a kid who's doing everything in his power to get where he wants to go and we had the available resources to provide a little additional support, "Mr McClellan told the local ABC News. 

At MC2 Stem, David found the exact fit, where it seems he was born to absorb what they were offering. Principal Jeff McClellan found David to be a great student and all-around person, but with a serious living situation, so he stepped in to help. After a home discussion with his wife, McClellan decided to offer David a place to live until he could find another home. Mr McClellan and his wife took the teen in and helped him before he found a permanent solution. 

When it came to his next step, David aimed high and applied for a list of top colleges, including the University of Pennsylvania, MIT, Princeton, Cornell, Yale, Harvard and Washington University in St. Louis. In the end, only MIT rejected his application and he was left to choose his own fate from the selective prestigious and mostly Ivy League schools. 

David's next challenge is to fight back tears at graduation this weekend. "I promised myself I wouldn't cry. But I realize that's what everyone does before they cry. I'm pretty sure there's going to be a lot of emotion there." he said.

1. Who can say they are one of the best students in the country?
2. Is David in high school?
3. How old is he?
4. Which high school>
5. In what city?
6. What does it focus on?
7. With help from what?
8. Was he offered a scholarship?
9. What kind?
10. To where?
11. What was he allergic to?
12. Which neighborhood did he end up in?
13. Does he have a blog?
14. Is there a principal at the high school?
15. What's his name?
16. What news agency did he talk to?
17. What did McClellan do for David
18. How many colleges did he apply to?
19. Who rejected him?
20. What school did he accept?

Numbered answers: