Instructions: In this task, you are given a Reddit post as a text. Your task is to generate a title for this text. The title should start with "TIFU by", followed by a situation that caused humor. The title should contain 7-12 words, ideally.
Input: Text: alright guys i gotta tell you all the story of the 9 layer lasagna. it wasn't today but it's a story that needs to be told. i'll set the scene.

it was my freshmen year of high school. i moved to a new town. classic sleepy coastal town where everyone knew each other. me being new to the area, was completely alone. a little before school started, i decided to meet somebody so i joined the summer practices for the school's cross country club (always been a distance runner) there were some cool people, but to really join the social circle of the "cool kids" i had to join the initiation of the 9 layer lasagna (as previously stated) we started practice as normal, running random fucking trails in the forest for miles and miles. we decided to stop by and visit the park restroom, it was pretty shitty (no pun intended) only 1 small toilet that could barely hold a medium size turd let alone flush it down. this is where the 9 layer lasagna would make it's first appearance in my life, and the last ever again for the whole cross country team. the idea of the 9 layer lasagna was for 1 of the runner to do a huge dump in the toilet and not flush. then the next runner would continue. till all 9 of us had released the monstrosity in that small toilet bowl. i was to go last, as they didn't want a newbie to make up the inner infrastructure of the masterpiece of our large intestines sculpting hands. i could smell the stench of a thousand bowel demons even about 5 layers in. finally, it was my turn, as the sweaty faced layer 8 runner stumbled out of the bathroom, snot running down his nose and short on breath. i opened the door and saw what would haunt me for the rest of my life. there was no toilet but rather a huge mound of shit. 9 different colored, steaming layers of half digested cheerios, protein gel, and granola bar, with a over whelming smell of piss mixed gatorade. there was no way to sit down. i tiptoed on to the temporary shit steps that had formed and half bent my knees. i pushed till my face turned redder than a republican at a gay rights march. 1 huge submarine of a turd slowly pushed out onto the top of the unholy shit mountain, then 1 or 2 cups of fart discharge splattered like a sort of frosting, coating most of layers 8 and 7. i could hear all sorts of yelling outside. were they cheering me on. no. something was going down. i started to pull up my pants when the park ranger bust in the door. the shit mountain was shaded from his shadow. in the distance of the doorway, you could see the other runners were already far gone. the rangers jaw dropped and his eyes watered. for fucks sake, he had thought that this satanic mountain of excrement was all my doing. he started to gag. in those precious seconds i booked it, pants still down at my shins into the forest. i ran and ran. never went back to that park or cross country. met some people. but stayed clear away from anyone in cross country when school came around. as for the 9 layer lasagna, i heard that the ranger told the coach and that he made sure it never happened again. i still think about it and how some poor park janitor or sanitation man most likely in a hazmat suit, had to clean up that whole steaming mess for around minimum wage. poor guy.
Output: