FDA: Antibacterial soaps not 'healthier' than regular soap
Antibacterial soaps and body washes containing the chemical triclosan don’t have extra health benefits compared with regular soap and water, the Food and Drug Administration said today on its Web site.

In light of animal studies raising questions about triclosan’s safety — the chemical may affect hormone regulation -- the FDA has been reviewing its widespread use. Triclosan, a commonly used pesticide, also has been added to toothpaste, computer keyboards, clothing, shopping bags and hundreds of other consumer products.

There’s also some concern that triclosan contributes to bacteria’s increasing resistance to antibiotics, the FDA said. The Environmental Protection Agency, meanwhile, is updating its own assessment of triclosan and has said it plans to work with the FDA to “better characterize the endocrine-related effects” of the compound.

In some cases, triclosan provides a benefit, the FDA said. The data on Colgate Total toothpaste, for example, shows it effectively prevents gingivitis. But for other products, the FDA says it doesn’t have proof of an extra health benefit.

The Soap and Detergent Association (SDA), which "expressed concern" with the FDA's consumer update, maintains that products with triclosan are essential, especially for those in hospitals, prisons, child care centers and preschools. It also says there’s no evidence that the products lead to antibiotic resistance and that, contrary to the FDA’s view, they are more effective than non-anti-bacterial soap.

The FDA plans to release its findings in the spring of 2011.Until then, it says consumers concerned about triclosan’s effect on human health and the environment should simply wash with regular soap and water.

That’s not as easy as it sounds. Triclosan and a related compound, triclocarban, are found in up to 76 percent of liquid soaps and 26 percent of bar soap according to a 2001 study in the American Journal of Infection Control. The percentages are likely higher today, but the SDA didn't have current research estimates.

The chemicals are also added to products that could be cleaned with regular soap and water instead. The grocery store chain Schnucks’, for example, recently announced it will carry reusable “germ-protected” grocery bags made with a Microban antimicrobial lining containing triclosan. “Microban prevents odors and stains from developing and allows the bags to be reused for longer periods of time,” according to a press release.

“Triclosan is a ubiquitous environmental pollutant,” said Rolf Halden, associate professor at the Center for Environmental Biotechnology at Arizona State University, one of the first researchers to show that triclosan and triclocarban persist in U.S. waterways. (Since then, the chemical has turned up in dolphins.) “Plastic bags already degrade very slowly in the environment, and the addition of triclosan will further increase their environmental persistence,” he said.

Some products, such as Zytrel XP, a “multi-hour antimicrobial hand sanitizer,” are now being marketed as “triclosan-free.” But Zytrel contains benzalkonium chloride, “another compound that does not degrade well in the environment,” said Halden. “It shares the property of environmental persistence with triclosan and triclocarban.

Halden’s advice? “Wash hands frequently and thoroughly, and do so with regular hand soap containing no antimicrobial additives.”

(Graphic courtesy of the FDA)
What was this article about?