Q: Since 1947, there have been 14 different prime ministers. The first few decades after 1947 saw the Indian National Congress' (INC) almost complete domination over the political map of India. India's first prime minister -- Jawaharlal Nehru -- took oath on 15 August 1947. Nehru went on to serve as prime minister for 17 consecutive years, winning four general elections in the process. His tenure ended in May 1964, on his death. After the death of Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri -- a former home minister and a leader of the Congress party -- ascended to the position of prime minister. Shastri's tenure saw the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. Shashtri subsequently died of a reported heart attack in Tashkent, after signing the Tashkent Declaration.

Based on this passage, who was the first prime minester of india?
A: Jawaharlal Nehru. How to explain the answer? The relevant sentence in the passage is: India's first prime minister -- Jawaharlal Nehru -- took oath on 15 August 1947.

Q: The first television advertisement, "Stop a Crime", debuted in February 1980. The full 60 second advertisement features McGruff (voiced by Jack Keil) entering an unlocked house and telling the viewer, "All crime needs is a chance. Do n't give it a chance" before giving tips on preventative measures. These measure included locking doors, turning on exterior lights, securing windows, asking neighbors to watch the house during long absences, and putting lights on timers.

Who does the voice of mcgruff the dog?
A: Jack Keil. How to explain the answer? The relevant sentence in the passage is: The full 60 second advertisement features McGruff (voiced by Jack Keil) entering an unlocked house and telling the viewer, "All crime needs is a chance.

Q: An income statement or profit and loss account (also referred to as a profit and loss statement ( P&L), statement of profit or loss, revenue statement, statement of financial performance, earnings statement, operating statement, or statement of operations ) is one of the financial statements of a company and shows the company's revenues and expenses during a particular period. It indicates how the revenues (money received from the sale of products and services before expenses are taken out, also known as the "top line") are transformed into the net income (the result after all revenues and expenses have been accounted for, also known as "net profit" or the "bottom line"). The purpose of the income statement is to show managers and investors whether the company made or lost money during the period being reported.

Based on this passage, what are the two basic categories of items on an income statement?
A: revenues and expenses. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: An income statement or profit and loss account (also referred to as a profit and loss statement ( P&L), statement of profit or loss, revenue statement, statement of financial performance, earnings statement, operating statement, or statement of operations ) is one of the financial statements of a company and shows the company's revenues and expenses during a particular period.

Q: Context: The franchise was founded in 1999, and played eleven seasons in Atlanta, Georgia as the Atlanta Thrashers before moving to Winnipeg in 2011. The team has played six seasons in Winnipeg. They qualified for the playoffs once, in 2015, and lost in the first round to the Anaheim Ducks four games to none.

Question: when did the winnipeg jets last make the playoffs?
A: