Here is a news article: Global superstar LADY GAGA, winner of six Grammy Awards, a Golden Globe, and Academy Award nominee, will headline the PEPSI ZERO SUGAR SUPER BOWL LI HALFTIME SHOW on FOX at NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. 
  
 Lady Gaga is a one-of-a kind artist and performer. Her new single "Perfect Illusion" off her upcoming fifth studio album "Joanne," due out October 21st debuted at #1 on iTunes in 60 countries. She holds the distinction of generating three consecutive Number One albums on the Billboard Hot 100, has won an aforementioned six Grammy Awards, and was recently featured as Billboard's "Woman of the Year." She has amassed an outstanding 30 million global album sales and 150 million single sales, making her one of the best-selling musicians of all time. Lady Gaga expanded her talents to television last Fall when she appeared as The Countess on the fifth season of Ryan Murphy's anthology series "American Horror Story: Hotel" for FX Network. Subsequently, she won the Golden Globe Award for "Best Actress -- Miniseries or Television Film" for her performance on the show. Next up she will star in the Bradley Cooper-directed film "A Star is Born" for Warner Bros. Pictures. 
  
 This will be Lady Gaga's second time performing on the Super Bowl stage, after having sang the National Anthem at Super Bowl 50 last February. 
  
 This announcement is just the beginning. On Sunday, October 2, fans are encouraged to tune in to the FOX NFL Sunday Pregame Show at 12:00 PM ET on local FOX stations for an exclusive in-studio interview, as Lady Gaga joins Curt Menefee and Michael Strahan to offer a glimpse into what she has in store for this historic Halftime Show. 
  
 Leading up to Super Bowl LI, fans may visit Pepsi.com for behind the scenes looks into Lady Gaga's journey to the Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show and a chance to win sideline passes to see her perform live at NRG Stadium in Houston. 
  
 Lady Gaga joins an esteemed list of recent halftime acts including Coldplay, Beyoncé, Katy Perry, Bruno Mars, Madonna, The Who, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Prince, the Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney, U2 and more. 
  
 The Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show is the most-watched musical event of the year. More than 116.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year's show. Super Bowl LI and Halftime Show will be broadcast by FOX Sports from NRG Stadium in Houston. 
  
 Super Bowl LI marks Pepsi's fifth year as title sponsor of the Super Bowl Halftime Show and 15th year as an NFL partner. Pepsi and the NFL have teamed up again to provide fans with a halftime experience worthy of pop-culture's biggest stage. 
  
 The PEPSI ZERO SUGAR SUPER BOWL LI HALFTIME SHOW is an NFL NETWORK PRODUCTION and will be executive produced by RICKY KIRSHNER and directed by HAMISH HAMILTON. 
  
 Visit Pepsi.com leading up to Super Bowl LI to see what this historic Halftime Show has in store for fans. For more information about Super Bowl LI, visit SuperBowl.com. For more Lady Gaga visit www.ladygaga.com and www.littlemonsters.com. ||||| Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| This will appear next to all of your comments 
  
 This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser |||||
A summary of this is?