Q:Information:  - Of Montreal (stylized as of Montreal) is an American experimental band from Athens, Georgia. It was founded by frontman Kevin Barnes in 1996, named after a failed romance between Barnes and a woman "of Montreal." The band is identified as part of the Elephant 6 collective. Throughout its existence, of Montreal's musical style has evolved considerably and drawn inspiration from numerous 1960s psychedelic pop acts.  - Athens (formally known as Athens-Clarke County) is a consolidated citycounty in the U.S. state of Georgia, in the northeastern part of the state, comprising the former city of Athens proper (the county seat) and Clarke County. The University of Georgia, the state's flagship public research university, is located in this college town, and contributed to its initial growth. In 1991, after a vote the preceding year, the original city abandoned its charter to form a unified government with Clarke County, referred to jointly as Athens-Clarke County. As of the 2010 census, the consolidated city-county (including all of Athens-Clarke County except Winterville and a portion of Bogart) had a total population of 115,452; all of Clarke County had a population of 116,714. Athens is the sixth-largest city in Georgia, and the principal city of the Athens-Clarke County, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a population of 192,541 as of the 2010 census. Athens-Clarke County has the smallest geographical area of a county in Georgia.  - The Bedside Drama : A Petite Tragedy is the second album released by the band of Montreal . It was released on Kindercore Records in 1998 .  - Kevin L. Barnes (born May 30, 1974) is the singer, multi-instrumentalist, and songwriter for the indie rock group of Montreal, part of the Elephant 6 Collective. Barnes started the band on his own and, although providing several stories as to the origin of the name, is said to have named it after a failed romance with a woman from Montreal. The group has recorded thirteen full-length albums, and numerous EPs and 7" singles. His brother, David Barnes, is an artist and has designed most of the band's artwork for albums after the release of "The Gay Parade".  - Kindercore Records is an independent record label based in Athens, Georgia, which was founded in 1996 by Ryan Lewis and Daniel Geller to document the emerging music scene in Athens, Georgia.  - Montreal officially Montréal in both Canadian English and French, is the most populous municipality in Quebec and the 2nd-most populous in Canada. Originally called "Ville-Marie", or "City of Mary," it is named after Mount Royal, the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city. The city is on the Island of Montreal, which took its name from the same source as the city, and a few much smaller peripheral islands, the largest of which is Île Bizard. It has a distinct four-season continental climate with warm to hot summers and cold snowy winters.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'followed by' with the subject 'the bedside drama: a petite tragedy'.  Choices: - 115  - 116  - 1960s  - 1974  - 1991  - 1996  - 6  - 7  - 714  - a  - abandoned  - as  - city  - collective  - georgia  - hot  - independent  - inspiration  - is  - l  - marie  - may 30  - name  - or  - origin  - original  - parade  - pop  - records  - rock  - romance  - s  - scene  - seat  - songwriter  - source  - stories  - the gay parade  - the singer  - total  - university  - woman
A: