Information:  - The UEFA Champions League is an annual continental club football competition organised by the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) and contested by top-division European clubs. It is one of the most prestigious tournaments in the world and the most prestigious club competition in European football, played by the national league champion (and, for some nations, one or more runners-up) of each UEFA national association. The final of the 201213 tournament was the most watched UEFA Champions League final to date, as well as the most watched annual sporting event worldwide in 2013, drawing 360 million television viewers.  - The 2005 UEFA Super Cup was an association football match between Liverpool of England and CSKA Moscow of Russia on 26 August 2005 at Stade Louis II , Monaco , the annual UEFA Super Cup contested between the winners of the UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup . Liverpool were appearing in the Super Cup for the fifth time , having won the competition in 1977 and 2001 . CSKA Moscow were appearing in the Super Cup for the first time , the first Russian team to appear in the competition . The teams had qualified for the competition by winning the two seasonal European competitions . Liverpool won the 2004 -- 05 UEFA Champions League , defeating Italian team A.C. Milan 3 -- 2 in a penalty shootout after the match had finished 3 -- 3 . CSKA Moscow won the 2004 -- 05 UEFA Cup , beating Portuguese team Sporting CP 3 -- 1 . Watched by a crowd of 17,042 , CSKA took the lead in the first half when Daniel Carvalho scored . Liverpool did not respond until the 82nd minute when substitute Djibril Cissé scored . The score remained 1 -- 1 until the end of the 90 minutes to send the match into extra-time . Cissé scored again in the 103rd minute to give Liverpool the lead , which was later extended by Luis García . Liverpool held out until the end of extra-time to win the match 3 -- 1 , their third Super Cup win .  - The Stade Louis II is a stadium located in the Fontvieille district of Monaco. It serves primarily as a venue for football, being the home of AS Monaco and the Monaco national football team. From 1998 - 2012 this was the location of the annual UEFA Super Cup match.   - The UEFA Super Cup is an annual football match organized by UEFA and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions, the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League. It takes place at the start of the domestic season, in mid-August, normally on a Tuesday.  - The Monaco national football team is a national side that represents Monaco in association football. The team is controlled by the Monegasque Football Federation, the governing body for all football in Monaco. Monaco is not a member of the FIFA or the UEFA, and does not participate in any of their international tournaments. Monaco was a founding member of the N.F.-Board in 2003, and finished second in the 2006 VIVA World Cup inaugural edition. However, due to political opposition, Monaco severed ties with the organization in 2010.  - The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA, ; ) is the administrative body for association football in Europe, although several member states are primarily or entirely located in Asia. It is one of six continental confederations of world football's governing body FIFA. UEFA consists of 55 national association members.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'organizer'.
Answer: