News article:

Close Get email notifications on Catharine Huddle daily! 
  
 Your notification has been saved. 
  
 There was a problem saving your notification. 
  
 Whenever Catharine Huddle posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. 
  
 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. ||||| Nebraska corrections officials believe other inmates likely killed two prisoners who died during a disturbance at a maximum security prison in southeast Nebraska. 
  
 In a press release Monday afternoon, officials said next-of-kin have been notified regarding the deaths of the two inmates who died during the Tecumseh State Correctional Institution disturbance. The Nebraska State Patrol is investigating the deaths. 
  
 Inmate Peacock, Donald #79816, (DOB 3/15/1969), was serving 40 to 50 years from Dodge County for 1st degree sexual assault on a child and visual depiction of sexually explicit conduct. He began his sentence on March 12, 2014. 
  
 Inmate Collins, Shon #71556, (DOB 3/5/1969), was serving 66 to 80 years from Box Butte County for 1st degree sexual assault of a child and visual depiction of sexually explicit content. His sentence began on May 17, 2010. 
  
 Cause of death has not been determined, however, the injuries appear to have been caused by other inmates. 
  
 Public notification was delayed as staff worked to locate and notify the inmates’ emergency contacts. Both notifications have been made. 
  
 State Corrections Director Scott Frakes didn't provide many details about the deaths that were discovered Monday as officials regained control of the Tecumseh State Correctional Institution. Frakes said the deaths are still being investigated. 
  
 Speaking at a news conference, Frakes said 100 to 200 of the roughly 1,000 inmates at the prison were involved in the disturbance that began Sunday afternoon in front of a housing unit at the prison about 60 miles southwest of Lincoln. 
  
 Two prison staffers were assaulted in the initial disturbance. Frakes says one inmate was shot in the leg by a tower guard, and another inmate was injured by a rubber projectile. 
  
 Monday Senator Heath Mello released the following statement in respects to the recent riots at the Tecumseh State Correctional Institution: 
  
 “While I recognize the Nebraska Department of Correctional Services is working toward stability following the incidents that occurred over the weekend at the Nebraska State Penitentiary and at Tecumseh State Correctional Institution, these events are yet another indication of the serious systemic issues facing our state prison system.” 
  
 “I eagerly await a full debriefing from Director Frakes on the incidents that occurred at TSCI including any fiscal estimates as to the damage to the facilities, any relocation needs of housing state inmates, under-staffing solutions or other resulting costs.” 
  
 “This weekend’s incidents reinforce the critical need for the Nebraska Legislature and Governor Ricketts’ administration to deliver long-term prison reform through the efforts led by the Council of State Governments Justice Center and the work of the LR 424 Special Investigative Committee (2014).” 
  
 “At a bare minimum, the newly created LR 34 Department of Correctional Services Special Investigative Committee should lead an investigation into the recent riots and the staffing levels at all State Correctional facilities.” |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?