News article:

These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. ||||| We're very saddened to report a big loss in the MTV family. 
  
 Diem Brown, whose tenacity shined bright throughout her years on "The Challenge" and embodied an unparalleled strength during numerous battles with cancer, has passed away, People confirms. She was 34. 
  
 Related: Diem Brown’s Most Triumphant 'Challenge' Moments 
  
 "MTV is tremendously sad to hear the news that Diem Brown has lost her long battle with cancer," the network said in a statement. "We send our deepest condolences to her family and friends. Diem was a true fighter and brought passion to everything she touched. We will miss her." 
  
 Viewers were first introduced to the Southern native when she appeared on "Fresh Meat" in 2006. The then-wide-eyed newbie revealed on the series that she was suffering from ovarian cancer and opened up about her uphill fight to recover. But she was able to beat the disease and shortly after treatments -- including chemotherapy, as well as surgery to remove an ovary, several lymph nodes and part of her fallopian tube -- she returned to take part on "The Duel." The warrior-like competitor showed her incredible bravery by removing her wig in front of the cameras -- thanks to the encouragement of eventual boyfriend Chris "CT" Tamburello -- and the touching incident is widely regarded as one of the most profound moments in the show's storied history. 
  
 From there, she appeared on "The Gauntlet III," "The Duel 2, "The Ruins" and "Battle of the Exes." And while she never took home a top prize, her athleticism and grit were always on display. 
  
 Diem wasn't only an inspiration onscreen: She used her personal experiences to become a patient advocate and founded Medgift, a gift registry site to aid anyone going through a medical hardship. She also hosted an MTV.com special in 2012, in which she spoke with young cancer survivors about their struggles. 
  
 But in June 2012, six years into remission, Diem faced another hurdle: Traces of the disease had returned. She candidly opened up about her second battle with cancer, even courageously documenting her hair loss and revealing plans to freeze her embryos in order to fulfill her dream of becoming a mother. 
  
 Diem prevailed again, sharing her positive prognosis in February 2013, and not long after undergoing chemotherapy, she returned to the "Challenge" circuit on "Rivals II," where she and her partner Aneesa finished strong in fourth place. 
  
 Diem faced her toughest hardship in August, when she was diagnosed with cancer for a third time. But through it all, she showed her resilience and vowed to never give up, even during her final days. 
  
 "You can count me out all you want," she recently told People. "But I'm not out. I'm fighting. I want to be here." 
  
 Please offer your condolences to Diem's family and friends in the comments below. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?