Please answer the following question: Information:  - Latin (Latin: ) is a classical language belonging to the Italic branch of the Indo-European languages. The Latin alphabet is derived from the Etruscan and Greek alphabets.  - Pomace, or marc (from French "marc" ), is the solid remains of grapes, olives, or other fruit after pressing for juice or oil. It contains the skins, pulp, seeds, and stems of the fruit.  - Glucose is a simple sugar with the molecular formula CHO. Glucose circulates in the blood of animals as blood sugar. It is made during photosynthesis from water and carbon dioxide, using energy from sunlight. The reverse of the photosynthesis reaction, which releases this energy, is an important source of power for cellular respiration. Glucose is stored as a polymer, in plants as starch and in animals as glycogen, for times when the organism will need it.  - Must (from the Latin "vinum mustum", "young wine") is freshly pressed fruit juice (usually grape juice) that contains the skins, seeds, and stems of the fruit. The solid portion of the must is called pomace; it typically makes up 723% of the total weight of the must. Making must is the first step in winemaking. Because of its high glucose content, typically between 10 and 15%, must is also used as a sweetener in a variety of cuisines. Unlike commercially sold grape juice, which is filtered and pasteurized, must is thick with particulate matter, opaque, and comes in various shades of brown and/or purple.  - Petimezi ( Greek :  Greek pronunciation : ( petimezi ) ) , also called epsima (  ) and in English grapemust or grape molasses , is a thick , non-fermented grape juice . It was a specialty on the Greek island of Crete , and was referred to as epsima , as it is still called in Cyprus , by the Ancient Greeks . It is produced by cooking down must or moustos ( Greek :  Greek pronunciation : ( mustos ) ) for hours , until it becomes dark and syrupy.Musa , word derived from the Latin `` Mustum Vinum '' which means New Wine is the juice resulting from the crushing of the grapes , which formerly was going on with the `` step on '' them while now most are made with modern machinery . The colors vary from white to red , depending on the pigment of the grape skins that generated . While the nutritional value is large because it contains all the vitamins and antioxidants of grape . In particular the must contains vitamins A and C , B vitamins , minerals like potassium , calcium , phosphorus and iron while our attaches 80 calories per 100g . Furthermore we must emphasize that the must from grapes and especially the dark red contains powerful antioxidants like resveratrol , which helps reduce the L.D.L. cholesterol and the risk of developing cardio diseases . It also contains flavonoids which are also offered cardio protection action but also strengthen the immune system Petimezi keeps almost forever , and it was one of the ancient sweeteners , along with honey . Its flavor is not just sweet , but much more complex , with slight bitter undertones . There are light colored syrups and dark colored ones . Both are dependent on the type of grape that is being used .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'petimezi' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - formula  - fruit  - fruit juice  - grape  - language  - latin alphabet  - molecular formula  - polymer  - variety  - water  - will  - wine
Answer: