News article: Marcus Willis’s Dream Ends at Wimbledon

Before Marcus Willis, the tennis instructor turned British sports hero, walked on Centre Court to a standing ovation for his match against Roger Federer, he had to take care of a few things. First he had to wait for Federer by the locker room. Then he had to go to the bathroom. Then he had to decide whether he should lead the way to Centre Court, or follow behind Federer. Federer, winner of a record 17 Grand Slam singles titles, didn’t want to be bossy, but he nudged Willis a little.

“I said, ‘You have the choice. I don’t know what you want to do,’” Federer said. “I thought it was cool that he got out first because it’s his moment, in my opinion. I wanted him to have a great time.”

Willis walked out with a white bandana on his head, just like Federer. He also wore one of Federer’s Nike shirts, with the RF initials on the sleeve.

“I bought it for last year’s Wimby, but I didn’t play,” Willis said.

The chances that Willis would play in this year’s Wimbledon were close to zero, too. First he had to win three matches in a pre-qualifying tournament. Then three more in the qualifying tournament. You probably know the rest. Willis—a pudgy, 25-year-old ranked 772nd in the world who gives lessons for £30 an hour and lives with his parents—won his first-round match and then got to play Federer, seven-time Wimbledon champion and perhaps the sport’s all-time greatest player, on Wednesday. Federer won, 6-0, 6-3, 6-4. But they really did play, even if Willis wondered at times if he might be hallucinating.

“I did look up twice as I bounced the ball and saw Roger Federer, and thought, ‘Oh, haven’t seen this before,’” he said.

Willis wasn’t on court for long before the obvious became quite clear: He wasn't going to beat Federer. Federer won the first seven games, though Willis stayed close in a few of them. When Willis finally won a game, with a clean forehand winner, he raised both arms and urged the crowd to cheer more. With the roof closed, Centre Court was as loud as it usually is when someone wins the tournament.

There were other memorable moments. Willis hit nine aces, the same as Federer. He hit a few nice volleys and touch shots. And then there was the lob, an on-the-run, looping backhand beauty that floated over Federer’s head for a winner in the first set. Willis raised his fist in triumph after he hit it.

“It was amazing,” Willis said. “I did enjoy myself even though I was getting duffed up. I loved every bit of it. Not the duffing bit. I loved getting stuck in, fighting hard.”

Federer and Willis shook hands and hugged after the match, and then Federer skipped the celebration normally reserved for winners, so Willis could say goodbye to Centre Court. Federer, who has taken plenty of bows in his career, was happy to step aside.

“I said a few days ago, this story is gold,” Federer said. “This is definitely one of the matches I’ll remember.”

Willis too, but he wasn’t going to party, like he would have years ago, when he was a lot heavier and used to eat candy and drink soda during matches. On Wednesday, he went back to the locker room and drank a bottle of beer—not even a full pint.

“That’s why I’m here, I haven’t been doing stuff like that,” he said. “Get a meal, go to bed, yeah, try and rest.”

Besides, Willis was supposed to play in a league tennis match on Thursday for the club where he teaches. “I might play if I’m feeling OK,” he said.
What are the most important parts of this news article?