his goal-line without considering Ronaldo's speed and determination, leaving him exposed and struggling to regain his composure. Needs to show more assertiveness and command of his area going forward.

Alberto Moreno - 4.5
Unable to contain the threat of Real Madrid's right side and struggled to maintain his defensive responsibilities while trying to push forward. Outshone by Ronaldo and Bale throughout the game, it was a difficult night for the young fullback.

Martin Skrtel - 6
On a miserable night for Liverpool's backline, Skrtel put in a commendable shift against some of the toughest attacking talents in world football. Made some vital interceptions and clearances, but was overwhelmed by Real Madrid's relentless pressure.

Dejan Lovren - 5
Failed to live up to his price-tag and still seems to be struggling to adapt to Liverpool's defensive setup. Seemed off the pace and displayed weak positioning that allowed Benzema to capitalise for his goals. Has to improve if he's to prove his worth at Anfield.

Glen Johnson - 4
A torrid evening for the right-back who struggled to contain Marcelo and Isco on Real Madrid's left flank. Erratic defensive decision-making and lack of contribution in attack showed that the experienced Johnson is far from his best.

Steven Gerrard - 6.5
Despite the overwhelming odds against his side, Gerrard never stopped trying to drive his team forward. Some dangerous set-pieces and passing accuracy were a standout, but even his tenacity and leadership couldn't spark a comeback.

Jordan Henderson - 5.5
Put in a tireless display, but couldn't quite execute on the night. Found it hard to keep up with the pace and quality of Real Madrid's midfield, rendering his impact minimal in this contest.

Joe Allen - 5
A rather unremarkable showing from the Welshman. Didn't offer a significant input in either attack or defense, and was consistently outplayed by the opposition's midfield.

Raheem Sterling - 6.5
Despite the Liverpool attack falling flat against a solid Real Madrid defense, Sterling continued to be a threat on the wing and had a few promising runs. However, his final product and decision-making lacked conviction, ultimately leading to few clear-cut chances.

Mario Balotelli - 3.5
A dire performance from the Italian striker led to his substitution at half-time. Unable to make an impact in the final third, Balotelli's lackluster effort level and perceived disinterest led to a justified early exit.

Philippe Coutinho - 6
While he showed flashes of skill, creativity, and vision, Coutinho struggled to find space in a congested midfield battleground. He was unable to provide the link-up play needed to make a difference on the scoreline.

Substitutes:

Adam Lallana (replaced Balotelli) - 6.5
Brought energy and creativity to Liverpool's lifeless attack but lacked the cutting edge required to pierce Real Madrid's defense.

Rickie Lambert (replaced Coutinho) - 5
Worked hard but never got the service needed to make an impact in the few minutes he was on the pitch.

Emre Can (replaced Allen) - 5.5
Provided fresh legs and tried to link up with the attack, but the game was well beyond Liverpool's reach by the time he was introduced.

Real Madrid domination left many Liverpool players exposed and unable to make their mark on the game, highlighting the gulf in class between the two sides. For Liverpool, it's time to go back to the drawing board and figure out how to rediscover the form and flair that led them to Champions League football once again.