Mewtwo (Japanese: miyuutsu, Hepburn: Myutsu,  or ) is a fictional creature from Nintendo and Game Freak's Pokemon media franchise. Created by Ken Sugimori, it first appeared in the video games Pokemon Red and Blue and their sequels, and later appeared in various merchandise, spinoff titles, as well as animation adaptations of the franchise. Masachika Ichimura voiced the franchise's original Mewtwo character in Japanese, and the creature's younger self is voiced by Fujiko Takimoto in the Sound Picture Box: Mewtwo's Origin CD drama and Showtaro Morikubo in the anime adaptation. In English, Jay Goede voiced Mewtwo in Mewtwo Strikes Back and the Pokemon Live! musical.

Japanese video game designer Ken Sugimori designed Mewtwo for the first generation of Pocket Monsters games, Red and Green, known outside Japan as Pokemon Red and Blue. Its name, which means the "second of Mew", derives from its existence as a genetic duplicate of the original Mew. Until the first Pokemon movie was released in the United States, Mewtwo was rarely referred to as a "clone" in Japanese sources. Kubo Masakazu, executive producer of Mewtwo Strikes Back, explained that they "intentionally avoid using the term 'kuron' [clone]... because the word has a frightening feel". Despite being Mew's descendant, Mewtwo directly precedes Mew in the game's numerical Pokemon index owing to the latter's secret inclusion by Game Freak programmer Shigeki Morimoto. During an interview, Pokemon Company president Tsunekazu Ishihara stated that Mewtwo was expected to be popular with North American audiences, citing their preference for strong, powerful characters.  Despite being Mew's clone, Mewtwo's appearance is very different in comparison. It appears as a bipedal feline that is 6 feet 7 inches (201 cm) tall and has a white body with a pronounced purple tail and stomach, purple pupils, bulbous fingertips, feline head, and a mass of flesh that connects from the center of its back to its head behind its neck. Its appearance has been likened to "an oversized cross of cat, squirrel and kangaroo". In the original games, Mewtwo is intended to be "the strongest Pokemon ever". As a result of being cloned from a sample of Mew's DNA, Mewtwo is an extremely powerful psychic, yet its abilities surpass Mew's due to intentional alterations to the genetic source material it was cloned from. As such, it can use telekinesis for flight, to shield itself or to powerfully throw opponents aside. In addition, it is among the very few Pokemon capable of human speech, which it does so via telepathy. Otherwise, it conserves its energy until needed. In addition to its psychic abilities, Mewtwo can regenerate, which allows it to quickly recover from near-fatal injuries. Despite being Mew's clone, Mewtwo does not share its ability to learn every single teachable move within the games.  As a character in the games, Mewtwo's physical appearance is not its only stark divergence from Mew. While the alterations to the genetic source material it was cloned resulted in its abilities surpassing Mew's, it also resulted in Mewtwo developing a vicious personality that is primarily interested in proving its own strength. The franchise's non-video game media, particularly the anime, has expanded upon the character. In the most notable instance, Mewtwo telepathically speaks with a male voice and is existentially torn over its purpose in the world.

Using a quote from the above article, answer the following question: Does he have other powers?