Arsene Wenger  insists he would splash a club-record transfer fee on Mesut Ozil again as he came out in staunch defence of his under-fire playmaker. Ozil, Arsenal’s £42.5million signing from Real Madrid, was heavily criticised after his dismal performance in midweek. He was hauled off after 62 minutes against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League. The German side tore Arsenal apart but, even though Ozil failed to perform and is frustrating fans with his lack of consistency since joining the club last year, Wenger said: ‘I would pay the money again, of course.’ Mesut Ozil looks despondent during his poor performance in Arsenal's 2-0 defeat by Borussia Dortmund. The German had an ineffective night in Germany on Tuesday and was substituted after just 62 minutes. Ozil looked similarly frustrated on Friday during Arsenal's training session at London Colney. Arsene Wenger has defended his £42.5million signing and says he would pay the same money again for him. The 25-year-old looked lost out on the left wing against Dortmund. But Wenger, whose side face Aston Villa this afternoon, defended his tactics. ‘Zinedine Zidane went to Real Madrid for £82m and he played on the left,’ Wenger, a graduate of economics, explained, adjusting the figure to take into account inflation for the French star’s £47.1m fee in 2001. ‘He had to play there because in the middle they had Raul and Ronaldo and he made room and played on the left. When you have the ball you play where you want and go where you want.’ Alongside Ozil, Arsenal have a host of attacking midfield options, most of who would prefer to play in a central No 10 role. But Wenger is determined to fit them all into a starting XI and is confident it can work, citing the great Brazil team which won the 1970 World Cup. Jack Wilshere returned to  training on Friday, and he has started games centrally, pushing Ozil out to the wing. He added: ‘It is a debate as old as the world. Since we played football. When you look at the Brazil team in 1970 they had Tostao, Rivelino, Pele, Jairzinho, Gerson, Clodoaldo. They played all No 10 in their club. They didn’t know what to do. They put them all together and they won the World Cup convincingly. ‘What is Jack Wilshere but basically a No 10? He played his whole life at No 10. Somebody had to go out (wide against Dortmund). Is it Wilshere, Ozil, Aaron Ramsey? Nobody is really natural out wide.’ Ozil's heat map during Arsenal's 2-0 Champions League defeat away at Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday. Ozil's heat map during Arsenal's 2-2 draw at home to Manchester City in the Premier League on September 13. Welshman Aaron Ramsey (right) is another one whose best position is the No 10 role behind the main sriker. Meanwhile, Arsenal’s financial results for the 2013-14 season have revealed record levels of ‘free’ cash sitting in the club’s bank account, £173.3m at the end of May, some of which could be available for Arsene Wenger as a transfer kitty. The accounts indicate again what a successful club Arsenal are, financially speaking, with income up to £298.7m from £242.8m, driven by a leap in Premier League TV money. Operating profits are up to £62.1m from £25.2m last year. The club’s total wage bill has risen by almost £11m from £154.5m to £166.4m. Ozil's heat map during Arsenal's 1-1 draw at at Leicester City on August 31, in which he covered more ground. Ozil's heat map during Arsenal's 2-2 draw at Everton on August 23, where he operated more on the left.

Write highlights for this article.