Please write a short summary for the following article:

COLLEGE FOOTBALL- BCS computer projections

The most anticipated matchup in college football history actually lived up to its billing with one of the greatest games in history. Top-ranked USC kept its win-streak alive and secured its bid as one of the greatest teams in college football history with a narrow victory over second-ranked Texas in a Rose Bowl game that featured stellar performances from the heralded and unheralded alike.

After a five-yard touchdown on a keeper by Heisman Finalist QB Vince Young put the Longhorns on top 7-0 half-way through the first quarter, fellow Heisman Finalist QB Matt Leinart revived an offense that looked sluggish on its first few possessions with three quick TD strikes to three different receivers and the Trojans found themselves up 21-7 at halftime. Aside from its first drive the Longhorn offense looked stale and one-dimensional.

Things did not really get better in the third quarter either when Reggie Bush found his groove and then the endzone with a 32-yard run that improved the USC lead to 28-10 at the time. A David Pino field goal with a minute left in the third-quarter chipped the lead to 15, but Texas' chances still looked bleak. Apparently though, an entirely different Longhorn squad on both sides of the ball came out for the fourth quarter. USC punter Tom Malone's coffin-corner kick from the Longhorn's 36 went awry, allowing Aaron Ross to return the ball all the way to the USC four-yard line to set up a Ramonce Taylor touchdown.

USC scored almost too quickly on its next possession, kicking a field goal to lead 31-20 with plenty of time to play at 10:37 in the fourth. On the second play of Texas' next possession, Vince Young put on one of the greatest shows in BCS history with a seemingly effortless 71-yard run that stunned the Trojans and left the millions watching in awe. He then took the snap from shotgun into the endzone on a draw to narrow the gap to just three after the successful two-point conversion. Texas forced USC into another short possession and punt to get the ball back on its own 12 yard line with about six minutes left in the game. It didn't quite take that long.

A surprising burst from 270-pound freshman RB Henry Melton set up a 36-yard Pino field goal to cap unlikeliest of comebacks. The Trojans offensive weapons were just too much for the exhausted Longhorn's though. USC used runs by both Reggie Bush and LenDale White as well as four key completions by Leinart to prepare for a 43-yard field goal. Mario Danelo's kick sailed through the uprights with 31 seconds remaining and a Rose Bowl victory in sights. Young missed on deep attempts on the final Texas possession and the Trojans walked away the victors. The two-headed all-purpose monster of Bush and White combined for 360 yards from scrimmage and Leinart was spectacular in the biggest game of his illustrious collegiate career, going 22-40 for 290 yards, three touchdowns and no interceptions.

Despite leading his team to a successful comeback and turning even more heads with his rushing prowess, Young may want to rethink his NFL future after completing just eight of 22 passes, throwing zero touchdowns and coming up short when it truly counted. For now though, it's the same as it has been for three years, the Trojans are on top and everyone else is looking up at them.

Player of the Game: Reggie Bush (241 yards from scrimmage, 2 TDs)

Fiesta Bowl Notre Dame (9-3) 20, Ohio State (10-2) 27