Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Ian Ladyman. Former Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti believes Louis van Gaal will find it hard to take Manchester United back to the top of the Barclays Premier League in his first season. Ancelotti’s Real Madrid team come face to face with United in front of 109,000 fans at the enormous Michigan Stadium with Cristiano Ronaldo, who is not yet match fit. The Italian believes Van Gaal will succeed at Old Trafford but thinks it may take time. VIDEO Scroll down for Cristiano Ronaldo enjoys rub-down from Real Madrid physio... a lot! Out: Cristiano Ronaldo won't play against Manchester United after Carlo Ancelotti admitted his star man isn't fit. Pity: The Portugal international won't be able to face his old side when they play in Michigan on Saturday. Doing battle: New United boss Louis van Gaal will face a stern test against Carlo Ancelotti's Real. 'He is a very good and very experience manager, he has fantastic experience and he will do a fantastic job at United,' said Ancelotti at a press conference ahead of Real training. 'He is a manager who has nothing to learn. After Sir Alex Ferguson, it was more difficult for United, but they now have to rebuild a team. 'They have signed good players, but building a team is not easy and the Premier League is a very competitive league. 'It will not be easy to win in the first year because there are many competitive teams who want to win. 'It is not easy to implement a new system. It is important that the player is convinced, but it is difficult to say how long it will take.' Ancelotti won the Premier League title with Chelsea in his first season in 2009/10 and led Real to the Champions League crown last season. He was on United’s short-list to replace David Moyes after Ferguson’s successor was sacked last April. Asked about this on Friday, he said: 'These are rumours that usually happen, but I am at a fantastic club. 'I have lots of respect for United, but I am happy here and I think they have made a good chance in Louis van Gaal.' Injury problems: Ronaldo will not face his former employers on Saturday for Real Madrid. Ronaldo has joined up with Real here in Michigan but will not play against his old club on Saturday. Ancelotti said: 'He has been working individually, separate from the team, but he will not play tomorrow and will train when back at Madrid because we will use him in the Super Cup. 'The plan for Cristiano was right. We gave him one month of rest and started back on July 26, but he needs to recover completely and for this reason we don’t want to take a risk tomorrow. Disappointing: Ronaldo will be gutted at the news he will miss this Saturday's game against his former side. 'It’s never a friendly against Man Utd. It is a fantastic team in a fantastic stadium, but it is the last game of our tour and we want to finish well. 'We need to play a good game tomorrow because we play a fantastic team. 'I am not surprised by the crowd. The people here have a fantastic culture, they support our team and soccer is improving really quickly in the USA.' During his press conference, Ancelotti was informed by English reporters that his former Chelsea midfielder was about to join Manchester City on loan. He said: 'I didn’t know this. I’m really surprised because I thought he was coming here to play in USA to play. 'It’s too late for me to take him to Madrid but I’m really happy for Frank as I have a good memory of him. 'I wish him luck. He’s a good signing for Man City.'