Here is a news article: Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email 
  
 Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now 
  
 If you thought a boy with shark teeth was weird, now there's a fish with human teeth! 
  
 Russian fisherman Aleks Korobov, 50, has confused fish experts after he caught a terrifying looking fish with teeth like a human. 
  
 Aleks, from the city of Arkhangelsk in north-western Russia's Arkhangelsk Oblast district, caught one of the worlds weirdest animals on a fishing trip on the Northern Dvina River. 
  
 He thought it was a common bream, but when he went to unhook it he saw it had a mouth full of what looked like human teeth. 
  
 (Image: CEN) 
  
 He said "It was already dead but when I picked it up and smelt it, I could tell it was fresh. 
  
 "I then opened its gills which were nice and red but I noticed the mouth wasn’t right for a bream and when I opened it I nearly dropped the thing in surprise. 
  
 "Inside were a load of human teeth." 
  
 (Image: CEN) 
  
 He then rushed to his local pub to show his friends the mysterious catch. 
  
 His friend Anton Efimov, 60, said "We know Aleks can tell some tall tales but when he came in and said he had a fish with human teeth we thought he’d certainly been drinking. 
  
 "But then he got it out and we were totally shocked. 
  
 "None of us had ever seen anything like it in our lives." 
  
 Aleks then contacted the Institute of Fisheries and Oceanography for their expert opinion. 
  
 (Image: CEN) 
  
 Expert Gennady Dvorykankin said: "We had to do an autopsy and carry out a series of examinations to determine the species and an explanation for the teeth. 
  
 "We are convinced it is a member of the Piranha family, and that it is a herbivore piranha, not one of the meat eating ones you see in films. 
  
 "It is very unlikely that it made its way from its natural tropical waters to our Arctic and then into the river so we can only assume it was dumped by an owner of exotic fish," he added. 
  
 Thrilled Aleks said: "I don’t think people will be doubting my fishing stories again after this." ||||| ARKHANGELSK, Russia, Oct. 3 (UPI) -- A fish with human teeth caught by a fisherman in Russia is likely a strange piranha, scientists said. 
  
 The fisherman, Alexander Korobov, said he found an unusual creature while fishing in Arkhangelsk. 
  
 "I took it in my hands and smelled it. It seemed to be fresh. I opened the gills — they were red. Yet, the mouth did not look like the mouth of a bream. I opened its mouth and was horrified to see human-like teeth in there. I got scared a bit," he said. 
  
 Korobov took the fish to a local department of fishery, where Andrey Rumyantsev, senior inspector of the Department of State Control and Protection of Water Resources of the Arkhangelsk region, said he also had difficulty identifying the animal. 
  
 "The fish looks like a bream, but the scales of it and the presence of adipose fin makes it look like salmon. Yet, salmon can not be the size of bream. The teeth of the fish looked like human. This fish is not from our region," he said. 
  
 Meanwhile, experts at the Institute of Fishery and Oceanography, said they think it's a piranha. 
  
 "This is a piranha, but the fact is that there are more than 90 species of piranhas. This fish is a herbivorous piranha," a scientist told Pravda. |||||
A summary of this is?