Media playback is not supported on this device
Despite some valiant performances from his compatriots, Andy Murray is the sole British representative in the second week and faces 6ft 11in Croatian Ivo Karlovic in his fourth-round match.
The Williams sisters, Venus and Serena, have won five Wimbledon singles titles each and face each other for the first time in six years. Of their five previous meetings at SW19, four have been in the final.
Nine Grand Slam winners are in action, including Roger Federer, Novak Djokovic, Stan Wawrinka and Maria Sharapova, so it is set to be one of the most exciting days of an already thrilling championships.
The first match on Centre Court sees the Williams sisters do battle at SW19 yet again.
There must have been times when elder sibling Venus doubted if she would face her sister for a sixth time at Wimbledon, and a 26th time in total.
Diagnosed with auto-immune disease, Sjogren's syndrome, Venus has battled her way back to fitness and rediscovered her form over the last 18 months.
As a result, Serena thinks her sister will have the support of the crowd. "I would be rooting for Venus," she said. "She's been through so much; she's just an incredible individual".
Serena's bid to win her 21st Grand Slam title and her fourth in succession suffered a scare at the hands of Heather Watson.. But her famous mental strength saw her through: "The older I get, I think the tougher I get upstairs," she said.
World number one Novak Djokovic has a tricky looking match against South Africa's Kevin Anderson.
The South African reached the final of Queen's last month and defending champion Djokovic believes the 14th seed is "playing the tennis of his life".
On court two French Open champion Stan Wawrinka takes on David Goffin, the 16th seed from Belgium.
Seven-time champion Roger Federer faces 20th seed Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain, and 2004 ladies' singles champion Maria Sharapova takes on Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas.
Of the 10 British players who began in the singles, only Andy Murray remains.
The world number three faces an old foe in Ivo Karlovic on Centre Court.
Murray has never lost to the big-serving Croat in five previous matches, including a controversial second-round clash at Wimbledon in 2012.
Karlovic questioned the integrity of Wimbledon after he was foot-faulted 11 times and accused officials of favouring the home player and said he felt "cheated".
"It was outrageous, outrageous," he said. "It's Wimbledon, Centre Court, and they do this. The whole credibility of this tournament went down for me."
There was a sense of inevitability that Murray would be the last home hope left in the second round, but on the whole it has been a good Wimbledon for British tennis with more than half of the entrants making it through the first round.
"Make no mistake, Andy Murray faces a very difficult match against Ivo Karlovic. It will be an uncomfortable afternoon trying to deal with the Croat's serve which comes down from such a height and at great speed.
"That said, Andy has beaten him before at Wimbledon, so I think he will win in four sets after a couple of tie-breaks. Also, Richard Gasquet v Nick Kyrgios could see some amazing tennis on show. Aussie Kyrgios is oozing with self-confidence and I see him winning this one in style."
The second week of Wimbledon starts as the first ended, with a pleasant day in store.
However, the forecast for Tuesday and Wednesday is not looking quite as good, with rain expected to fall.
What was that article about?