Question: Context: The Kansas -- Nebraska Act of 1854 (10 Stat. 277) created the territories of Kansas and Nebraska and was drafted by Democratic Senator Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois and President Franklin Pierce. The initial purpose of the Kansas -- Nebraska Act was to open up thousands of new farms and make feasible a Midwestern Transcontinental Railroad. The popular sovereignty clause of the law led pro-and anti-slavery elements to flood into Kansas with the goal of voting slavery up or down, resulting in Bleeding Kansas.

Question: how did the us get kansas and nebraska?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: The Kansas -- Nebraska Act of 1854 (10 Stat. 277) created the territories of Kansas and Nebraska and was drafted by Democratic Senator Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois and President Franklin Pierce. The answer is The Kansas -- Nebraska Act of 1854 ( 10 Stat. 277 ).

Question: Alex Borstein voices Lois Griffin, Asian correspondent Tricia Takanawa, Loretta Brown and Lois' mother Barbara Pewterschmidt. Borstein was asked to provide a voice for the pilot while she was working on MADtv. She had not met MacFarlane or seen any of his artwork and said it was "really sight unseen". At the time, Borstein performed in a stage show in Los Angeles, in which she played a redhead mother whose voice she had based on one of her cousins. The voice was originally slower (and deeper for the original series), but when MacFarlane heard it, he replied "Make it a little less fucking annoying ... and speed it up, or every episode will last four hours."

Who plays the voice of lois on family guy?
Answer: To answer the question, consider the following: Alex Borstein voices Lois Griffin, Asian correspondent Tricia Takanawa, Loretta Brown and Lois' mother Barbara Pewterschmidt. The answer is Alex Borstein.

Question: Soon after it was opened, Hudson had friends in Motown and television such as Natalie Cole spread the word to other celebrities; Redd Foxx would tell his audience that he went there. The Los Angeles Times refers to Roscoe's as "such an L.A. institution that people do n't even question the strange combo anymore." The New York Times refers to it as a "beloved soul food chain." The original location in Hollywood remains popular with celebrities.

Answer this question: where is the original roscoe's chicken and waffles?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: The original location in Hollywood remains popular with celebrities. The answer is Hollywood.

Question: The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is an international organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., consisting of "189 countries working to foster global monetary cooperation, secure financial stability, facilitate international trade, promote high employment and sustainable economic growth, and reduce poverty around the world." Formed in 1945 at the Bretton Woods Conference primarily by the ideas of Harry Dexter White and John Maynard Keynes, it came into formal existence in 1945 with 29 member countries and the goal of reconstructing the international payment system. It now plays a central role in the management of balance of payments difficulties and international financial crises. Countries contribute funds to a pool through a quota system from which countries experiencing balance of payments problems can borrow money. As of 2016, the fund had SDR 477 billion (about $666 billion).

Based on this passage, what is the purpose of the international monetary fund?
Answer: