Information:  - A screw is a type of fastener , sometimes similar to a bolt ( see Differentiation between bolt and screw below ) , typically made of metal , and characterized by a helical ridge , known as a male thread ( external thread ) or just thread . A screw is an inclined plane wrapped around a nail . Some screw threads are designed to mate with a complementary thread , known as a female thread ( internal thread ) , often in the form of a nut or an object that has the internal thread formed into it . Other screw threads are designed to cut a helical groove in a softer material as the screw is inserted . The most common uses of screws are to hold objects together and to position objects .  - A fastener is a hardware device that mechanically joins or affixes two or more objects together. In general, fasteners are used to create non-permanent joints; that is, joints that can be removed or dismantled without damaging the joining components. Welding is an example of creating permanent joints.   - An inclined plane, also known as a ramp, is a flat supporting surface tilted at an angle, with one end higher than the other, used as an aid for raising or lowering a load. The inclined plane is one of the six classical simple machines defined by Renaissance scientists. Inclined planes are widely used to move heavy loads over vertical obstacles; examples vary from a ramp used to load goods into a truck, to a person walking up a pedestrian ramp, to an automobile or railroad train climbing a grade.  - The Renaissance was a period in European history, from the 14th to the 17th century, regarded as the cultural bridge between the Middle Ages and modern history. It started as a cultural movement in Italy in the Late Medieval period and later spread to the rest of Europe, marking the beginning of the Early Modern Age.  - Welding is a fabrication or sculptural process that joins materials, usually metals or thermoplastics, by causing fusion, which is distinct from lower temperature metal-joining techniques such as brazing and soldering, which do not melt the base metal. In addition to melting the base metal, a filler material is typically added to the joint to form a pool of molten material (the weld pool) that cools to form a joint that is usually stronger than the base material. Pressure may also be used in conjunction with heat, or by itself, to produce a weld.  - A simple machine is a mechanical device that changes the direction or magnitude of a force. In general, they can be defined as the simplest mechanisms that use mechanical advantage (also called leverage) to multiply force. Usually the term refers to the six classical simple machines which were defined by Renaissance scientists:  A simple machine uses a single applied force to do work against a single load force. Ignoring friction losses, the work done on the load is equal to the work done by the applied force. The machine can increase the amount of the output force, at the cost of a proportional decrease in the distance moved by the load. The ratio of the output to the applied force is called the "mechanical advantage".    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'instance of' with the subject 'screw'.  Choices: - angle  - base  - bridge  - cultural movement  - device  - fastener  - history  - italy  - joint  - magnitude  - material  - may  - metal  - period  - plane  - process  - simple machine  - temperature  - train  - truck  - two  - work
Answer: