Problem:Context: A sixth season was commissioned by Foxtel on 9 May 2017, which will premiere on 19 June 2018. A seventh season was commissioned in April 2018, before the sixth season premiere, with filming commencing the following week and a premiere set for 2019.

Question: when does the new wentworth season come out?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: A sixth season was commissioned by Foxtel on 9 May 2017, which will premiere on 19 June 2018.
19 June 2018.

Student A:Passage: La Liga's all-time top goalscorer is Barcelona's Lionel Messi, who also holds the record for most goals scored in a season with 50 goals in 2011 -- 12. Athletic Bilbao's Telmo Zarra, who held the distinction of being the competition's all-time top scorer until 2014, was top scorer in six seasons between 1945 and 1953. Three other players -- Real Madrid's Alfredo Di Stéfano, Quini of Sporting de Gijón and Barcelona, and Hugo Sánchez of Atlético Madrid and Real Madrid -- each finished as top scorer in five seasons.

Question: Based on this passage, who has the highest goal in la liga?
Student B:OK... The relevant information is: La Liga's all-time top goalscorer is Barcelona's Lionel Messi, who also holds the record for most goals scored in a season with 50 goals in 2011 -- 12.
Barcelona 's Lionel Messi.

Problem:Passage: "You're No Good" is a song written by Clint Ballard, Jr., first performed by Dee Dee Warwick for Jubilee Records in 1963 with production by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller. It has since been covered by many artists, including charting versions by Betty Everett in 1963, The Swinging Blue Jeans in 1964, and Linda Ronstadt in 1975, whose version was a number 1 hit in the United States.

Question: Based on this passage, who wrote the song you're no good?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: "You're No Good" is a song written by Clint Ballard, Jr., first performed by Dee Dee Warwick for Jubilee Records in 1963 with production by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller.
Clint Ballard , Jr..

Student A:The council has been controlled by the Conservative Party since it was first elected in 1964.

Kensington and chelsea council are they labour or conservative?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The council has been controlled by the Conservative Party since it was first elected in 1964.
Conservative.

Problem:Passage: She is the beautiful daughter of the exiled Duke Senior and niece to his usurping brother Duke Frederick. Her father is banished from the kingdom which breaks her heart. She then meets Orlando, one of her father's friends' son and falls in love with him. After angering her uncle, she leaves his court for exile in the Forest of Arden. Disguised as a shepherd named Ganymede, Rosalind lives with her sweet and devoted cousin, Celia (who is disguised as Ganymede's sister, Aliena), and Duke Frederick's fool Touchstone. Eventually, Rosalind is reunited with her father and married to her faithful lover, Orlando.

Question: Based on this passage, who does rosalind love in as you like it?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: She then meets Orlando, one of her father's friends' son and falls in love with him.
Orlando.

Problem:Tyronn Jamar Lue (/ tɪˈrɒn ˈljuː /, born May 3, 1977) is an American professional basketball coach and former player. He is the current head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Based on this passage, who's the coach of the cleveland cavaliers?
Solution: