Ashes hero Steve Harmison has been appointed as manager of non-League Ashington. The former Durham and England bowler, who was nicknamed the Ashington Express during his playing career, has taken the surprise move into football management. Harmison took 226 wickets in his England Test career and helped England win the Ashes in 2005. Former England bowler Steve Harmison has been named as manager of non-League Ashington. Hamison played a key role in helping England win the Ashes in 2005. Harmison will take charge of Ashington - who are struggling in Division One of the Ebac Northern League – for the first time on Tuesday away at Bishop Auckland. Harmison played in central defence for the club until his late teens before giving up football to concentrate on cricket, from which he announced his retirement in 2013. The 36-year-old takes charge with the club sitting in 17th out of 22 teams following a 4-0 defeat to Marske United over the weekend. The former cricketer will be helped by head coach Ian Skinner and Lee Anderson as part of a new management team at Woodhorn Lane. Harmison was known as the Ashington Express during his playing days and is a Newcastle fan. Harmison has taken the surprise move to go into football management following his retirement from cricket. Ashington chairman Ian Lavery – also the MP for the area – said: ‘All three have a wealth of experience in the sporting world and together can build on the success that Ashington Football Club have had since moving to Woodhorn Lane.’ Harmison is not the only member of the 2005 Ashes winning team to branch out into a new sport after retiring from cricket. Close friend Andrew Flintoff tried his hand at boxing after initially hanging up his whites in 2010, winning a four-round decision over little-known heavyweight Richard Dawson in his only professional bout in November 2012. Flintoff has since made a return to Twenty20 cricket with Lancashire and BBL side Brisbane Heat. Michael Vaughan - Commentator for BBC's Test Match Special and also works for Sky on their domestic cricket coverage. Geraint Jones - Captain of Gloucestershire in first-class cricket and also plays international cricket for Papua New Guinea. James Anderson - Still playing for Lancashire and England. Part of the World Cup squad in Australia. Ian Bell - Part of England's Test and One Day International side. In Australia preparing for the World Cup. Paul Collingwood - Part of Scotland's coaching team for the Cricket World Cup. Andrew Flintoff - Retired in 2009 due to injury, but came back to play Twenty20 for Lancashire and Brisbane Heat in the Big Bash League. One of the team captain's on Sky's A League of Their Own and has an upcoming TV show on Sky One called Flintoff: Lord Of The Fries. Ashley Giles - Former England ODI coach. Now director and head coach of Lancashire. Steve Harmison - Manager of Ashington AFC in the Northern Football League. Also does work for Sky Sports. Matthew Hoggard - Pundit on television and radio as well as working as an after dinner speaker. Simon Jones - Working as an analyst for Sky Sports. 2015 is also his testimonial year. Kevin Pietersen - Still playing cricket. Most recently for Melbourne Stars in the Big Bash League. Andrew Strauss - Working for Sky Sports as a commentator and pundit. Chris Tremlett - Still playing cricket for Surrey in the County Championship. Marcus Trescothick - Still playing for Somerset but also works for Sky on their cricket coverage.

What are highlight points for this article?