Detailed Instructions: Given a document, an entity and its sentiment towards the entity, verify if it is the correct sentiment towards the entity. Answer should be yes or no. Note that URLs in the text have been replaced with [Link].
Q: Verify if the sentiment of the following document towards the entity Meghan Markle is Neutral . It's been estimated that  American actress Meghan Markle’s  wedding to Prince Harry  scheduled next May 19  will translate into a £500 million boost for the British economy .
The "Meghan Effect" may give her soon-to-be sister-in-law a run for her money. Fortune magazine predicts that "Meghan Markle's 'Midas Touch' Could Match Duchess Kate's."
According to the New York Times: “There is a blog —  Meghan ’s Mirror — that chronicles  her  every style choice. Vogue has a piece online titled “ Meghan Markle’s  Stealth Shopping Style Is All the Black Friday Inspo You Need ” while InStyle crowed “The Nordstrom Black Friday Sale Has Discounts on  Meghan Markle’s  Favorite Denim Brand.”
Fashion Editor Vanessa Friedman of the New York Times saw  Markle ’s choice of dress as a reflection of the "completely different kind of royal"  she  will be and  her  opportunity to further modernize the monarchy.
“ She  is perfectly aware that everything  she  wears is going to be under the social media spotlight  so  she  might as well make it work for  her  ” Friedman writes. “Even the smallest gestures are going to have a heightened import as the royal family adjusts to a modern identity. Far beyond Britain and the formal royal watchers  many have a special investment in this particular story and how it gets told.”
"Harry and  Meghan  should not be lulled into a false sense of security " Sykes warns. "There is already a significant undercurrent of hostility to  Meghan  circulating in some sections of the British establishment. Blame the blinding glare of new love if you will  but Harry and  Meghan  seem to be  if not heading for the rocks  at least grazing the odd sandbank."
As photos and video clips of  her  most recent public appearances as the prince’s fiancé show   she 's already a main focus of attention for photographers and cameramen. Such was the case during the spectacle of the royal family's annual Christmas parade between Sandringham estate  the queen’s private residence  and the nearby St Magdalene Church  for their traditional service.
After Harry and  Meghan  went to Monte Carlo to celebrate the new year with friends  the comparisons with Grace Kelly  the Hollywood star who married Prince Rainier of Monaco to become the admired Prince Grace  were all over the media.
 She  also was compared to Princess Charlene  the South African former Olympic swimmer who married Monaco's Prince Albert II.
It's rumored that Meghan and Kate have a good understanding -  Markle  and Harry stayed with the Cambridges  who have a house in the Sandringham estate during the Christmas celebrations - and royal experts assume that Kate will help guide  Meghan  through the royal paces.
Despite  her  current popularity and seeming ease facing the challenges of royal life   Markle  will need all the support  she  can get.
“After all  the 36-year-old is set for a daunting transition ” the Telegraph predicts. “When  she  marries Prince Harry  Meghan will be trading an acting career and a life of relative freedom for one of public duty  reserve and near-ceaseless waving – and that’s notwithstanding the private pressures of remembering if and when to curtsy to her in-laws.”
A: