Old-fashioned one-man bands involve strapping instruments - including a huge bass drum - to your body, but now a slimline gadget claims to turn any item of clothing into a comfortable-to-wear musical instrument. DrumPants let wearers play music anywhere using wearable sensors that transform a pair of jeans into a drum kit or a shirt into a guitar. The easily concealed sensor sticks are attached to a control box that lets a person choose from more than 100 sounds - including instruments such as the piano. DrumPants claim to let wearers lay music anywhere using wearable sensors that can transform a pair of jeans into a drum kit or a shirt into a guitar. Users can also add their own noises, such as the meow of a cat as they are playing, too. DrumPants wearers have the option of listening to their musical endeavours using headphones or if they are more of a performer, they can broadcast their sounds using an external speaker that can be clipped onto their clothes. Two wearable strips, which are offered in the San Francisco-based firm’s basic DrumPants kit, contain six sensors, but extra strips can be added. The sensor sticks, which are very thin and. flexible and respond to touch, can be attached to any item of clothing. with ‘ultra-thin Velcro stickies’. Users of DrumPants can listen to their musical endeavours using headphones or if they are more of a performer, broadcast their music using an external speaker that can be clipped onto their clothes. ‘Just stick them inside your clothes and easily swap the drum pad strips between outfits,’ the company said. The notes and noises produced by. DrumPants can be sent to any app that supports MIDI or OSC and the. device can also be connected to a computer via USB. A looping pedal can be added to the system and controlled by tapping a shoe, for example, to build up a layer of sounds and the wearable sensors can even be used to control a slideshow or other equipment such as a smartphone. Tyler Freeman, the Californian co-founder and inventor of DrumPants came up with the product as a prank but has now been working on it for six years and decided to commercialise it, while studying at the University of California, Santa Cruz. The sensor sticks, which are slim and flexible and respond to touch, can be attached to any item of clothing with 'ultra-thin velcro stickies' The notes and noises produced by the DrumPants can be sent to any app that supports MIDI or OSC and the device can also be connected to a computer or tablet via USB or BlueTooth (pictured) He is currently raising funds to put DrumPants, which he claims is the ‘world’s first industrial quality wearable music instrument’ into production, using crowd funding website Kickstarter. The website says: ‘Over the years it [DrumPants] expanded beyond a stunt, to a Master's project, to an educational tool used to teach teenagers about programming and music production, to finally what it is today: an industrial, production ready wearable music kit.’ The kit on sale from the Kickstarter page starts at $89 (£54) for six sensors, an app and control box, with a BlueTooth version being offered for $129 (£79) and a 12 sensor version for $199 (£129). DrumPants claim to let wearers lay music anywhere using a wearable sensor that can transform a pair of jeans into a drum kit or a shirt into a guitar. The wearable sensors can  be used to control a slideshow or other equipment such as YouTube or a smartphone using 'rhythmic gesture control'
What are the important parts of this article?