The appointment and confirmation of Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States involves several steps set forth by the United States Constitution, which have been further refined and developed by decades of tradition. Candidates are nominated by the President of the United States and must face a series of hearings in which both the nominee and other witnesses make statements and answer questions before the Senate Judiciary Committee, which can vote to send the nomination to the full United States Senate. Confirmation by the Senate allows the President to formally appoint the candidate to the court.

Based on this passage, who approves presidential appointments to the supreme court? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information to answer the above question is: Confirmation by the Senate allows the President to formally appoint the candidate to the court.... The answer is the Senate.


Doug Jones (born May 24, 1960) is an American actor and former contortionist known for roles in the science fiction, fantasy, and horror genres, often wearing heavy makeup to play nonhuman characters. He is perhaps best known for his collaborations with filmmaker Guillermo del Toro, starring in Mimic, as Abe Sapien in Hellboy and Hellboy II: The Golden Army, the Faun and the Pale Man in Pan's Labyrinth, Crimson Peak and The Asset in The Shape of Water, respectively. He has appeared in films such as Tank Girl, Hocus Pocus and The Bye Bye Man. He also portrayed the titular Silver Surfer in the superhero film Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, as well as appearing in the TV series Falling Skies, Buffy the Vampire Slayer and del Toro's The Strain. He is currently a series regular in Star Trek: Discovery, as Lt. Saru.

Based on this passage, who plays the faun in pan's labyrinth? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer the question, consider the following: He is perhaps best known for his collaborations with filmmaker Guillermo del Toro, starring in Mimic, as Abe Sapien in Hellboy and Hellboy II: The Golden Army, the Faun and the Pale Man in Pan's Labyrinth, Crimson Peak and The Asset in The Shape of Water, respectively.... The answer is Doug Jones.


Context: In The Avengers (2012) Thanos makes a cameo appearance in the middle of the end credits. Damion Poitier (credited as Man # 1) portrays Thanos as Loki's mysterious benefactor. In Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) Thanos tries to use Ronan the Accuser to obtain an Infinity Stone. The film also introduces him as the adoptive father of Gamora and Nebula. Sean Gunn stood in for Thanos on set. Josh Brolin provided the performance capture for Thanos. Thanos was originally going to have a larger role in Guardians of the Galaxy, but Joss Whedon felt that the character needed to be threaded more gently. In Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Thanos makes a cameo appearance in the middle of the end credits. He dons an Infinity Gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity Stones himself. Brolin reprises his uncredited role. In Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Thanos is once again portrayed by Brolin. In the film, he seeks the six Infinity Stones because he believes the Universe is overpopulated and wants to cull it by half so that those who remain may have a better quality of life. Brolin will reprise his role in the fourth Avengers movie (scheduled US release, May 3, 2019).

Question: what was the first movie thanos was in? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
