Although the Bears now trailed the Packers in the all-time series, they were the five-point favorite against Green Bay among bookkeepers for the first time since week sixteen of 2008. The odds had been influenced by Aaron Rodgers' season-ending collarbone injury in October along with backup quarterback Brett Hundley's struggles in the previous week's 30-17 loss to the Lions. Although the Bears had not defeated the Packers at home since 2010, the Packers were 2-3 since the two teams' last meeting in week four, while Green Bay head coach Mike McCarthy was 1-3 against the Bears without Rodgers. Jeff Joniak described his ideal Bears offensive gameplan as "laying a clean game" to avoid swinging the "tempo or momentum in favor of a team that's on a three-game losing streak." To do this, Mitchell Trubisky would have to avoid getting sacked, while the running game would have to reduce its runs resulting in negative yardage. Through the air, the Bears remained an unknown entity due to a lack of available film on Trubisky and receivers Markus Wheaton and Dontrelle Inman, the latter making his Bears debut in week ten after being traded to the team in late October. On defense, Joniak wrote the unit needed to prevent Hundley from developing his accuracy, especially as the Chicago defense was excelling in preventing touchdowns, along with containing running back Ty Montgomery, who recorded 162 rushing yards on 16 carries against the Bears in week sixteen last year. In a game that ChicagoBears.com writer Larry Mayer described as having " to an early-season trend, the Bears shot themselves in the foot repeatedly," Chicago struggled with penalties during the game as the team committed seven in the first half. The Bears punted on the first drive, which led to an exchanging of field goals on Mason Crosby's 40- and Connor Barth's 45-yard kicks. Three drives later, in the second quarter, Montgomery scored on a 37-yard touchdown run to give the Packers the lead. On the next drive, Trubisky threw a screen pass to Benny Cunningham, who ran to the Packers' goal line and dived for the pylon. His knee landed out of bounds and the play was ruled as such at the two-yard line, which the Bears challenged with the belief that the ball had reached the pylon before he went out; instead, the challenge went against the Bears when it was determined he had lost the ball before it had touched the pylon, resulting in a touchback and possession being granted to the Packers. Chicago eventually added three more points on Barth's 44-yard field goal as time expired in the first half. Crosby kicked a 24-yard field goal on the first drive of the second half, which was followed by one from 50 yards in the fourth quarter. The Bears ended their touchdown-scoring troubles (scoring just one touchdown in 35 drives across the previous four games) when Trubisky threw a 46-yard touchdown pass to Josh Bellamy, who escaped Davon House for the score. However, the Packers responded with a 75-yard drive that ended with Hundley's 19-yard touchdown pass to Davante Adams. Barth added a 49-yard field goal to draw the Bears within a touchdown, and remained in contention when Crosby missed a 35-yarder wide right with 1:02 left in the game. After completing an 11-yard pass to Kendall Wright, Trubisky's next three passes were incomplete. On fourth-and-ten, Trubisky passed to Cunningham for five yards, who lateraled to Hroniss Grasu and ran two yards before he was tackled for a turnover on downs.

Ask a question about this article.