Donald Sterling’s wife Shelly reportedly called the police when she learned that V. Stiviano was at his Beverly Hills mansion yesterday. The episode has sparked speculation that the disgraced former NBA owner is back together with his ex-assistant. When Shelly learned of the tryst she told Beverly Hills police that Stiviano had broken into Donald’s home. Scroll down for video. Donald Sterling’s wife Shelly reportedly called the police when she learned that V.Stiviano (right, with Sterling) was at his Beverly Hills mansion yesterday. Shelly (left) had accused Stiviano of taking gifts from the Sterling family including a Ferrari, $240,000 in cash and a $1.8 million house on the outskirts of Beverly Hills. However, police were told by Donald that the model was an ‘invited guest’, according to TMZ and she stayed in the property after they left. In August Stiviano claimed that the former L.A. Clippers owner is gay and that she spent three years acting as his 'beard' so no one would suspect his true sexuality. Stiviano, who gained national notoriety earlier this year due to her alleged sexual relationship with Sterling, made the bombshell allegation in documents filed at the Los Angeles Superior Court in answer to a prior lawsuit filed by Sterling’s wife, Shelly. In her original lawsuit, Shelly had accused Stiviano of taking gifts from the Sterling Family including a Ferrari, $240,000 in cash and a $1.8 million house on the outskirts of Beverly Hills in exchange for sexual favors. Stiviano denies those allegations and even claims that Shelly Sterling was well aware of the exact nature of the relationship between Donald Sterling and Stiviano. ‘V.S. was D.T.S’s beard for three years prior to the filing of suit,’ the answer claimed. Stiviano gained national notoriety earlier this year due to her alleged sexual relationship with Sterling. ‘V.S. is informed and believes that (Sterling) is a homosexual and enjoys sexual acts and or sexual congress with males.’ The answer said that Shelly Sterling was ‘acutely aware of his orientation and condoned’ his behavior, including his decision to give ‘gifts, money and other properties’ to Stiviano for her public companionship, reports the Daily News. Stiviano also says that she ‘was not ever a sexual partner’ of Donald Sterling. She also states that the gifts are considered separate property, not 'marital or community property,' because they were purchased with funds earned by Donald after separation or 'estrangement' from her wife. Stiviano also filed a $10 million defamation lawsuit against the Sterlings on Thursday. She claims they slandered her in the media by calling her a thief and saying she embezzled money and property from Donald. 'She’s delusional,’ Sterling’s lawyer, Max Blecher, told The Daily News. The drama began in April when a recording surfaced of Donald Sterling berating Stiviano for bringing black men to Clippers games. The audio spurred the NBA to ban Sterling for life and fine him $2.5 million. Shelly, his wife of 58 years, then took control of a family trust and negotiated a record $2 billion sale of the team to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. Shelly Sterling said she was initially given her husband's blessing to sell the team and he praised the deal she reached. When it came time to sign it at the end of May, however, Sterling said he would not sell and would sue the league. Ballmer officially became the new owner of the Los Angeles Clippers at the end of August.
What are the important parts of this article?