Please write a short summary for the following article:

Kreider, Lundqvist end Rangers' skid with 3-2 win over Jets

WINNIPEG — Oh, to be King for a day — again.

Henrik Lundqvist made 32 saves Tuesday night for his first win since returning from a seven-week injury absence, topping the Winnipeg Jets, 3-2, to snap a two-game team losing streak and push the Rangers back on top of the Eastern Conference.

“I felt so much better than the last game,” Lundqvist said, citing Saturday’s 4-2 loss in Boston, his first start since being cleared to play. “Just my focus and being more comfortable, it’s night and day.”

RELATED: RANGERS' MARTIN ST. LOUIS INTENDS TO PLAY THURSDAY IN MINNESOTA

The Rangers (48-21-7, 103 points) struggled through several tough stretches but worked hard and got goals from Mats Zuccarello (goal, assist), Derick Brassard (goal, assist) on the power play and Chris Kreider on a blazing third-period rush to snap a 2-2 tie for the win at 16:14.

“Usually I stay wide there,” Kreider said of darting into the middle to receive new linemate J.T. Miller’s feed at the blue line. “For whatever reason, I thought it would be a better option to dart across, and (Miller) made a great pass. My job was easy.”

Defenseman Dan Girardi was credited with 10 blocked shots, a Ranger record since the NHL began tracking the statistic in 2005-06. Captain Ryan McDonagh (assist) laughed out loud when told of Girardi’s total.

“He’s the master of blocking shots,” McDonagh said.

Lundqvist won for the first time since making 33 saves in a 6-3 home win over the Florida Panthers on Feb. 2, before he was sidelined with a partially torn blood vessel in his neck.

He truly looked like himself when Jets defenseman Dustin Byfuglien hammered one of the NHL’s hardest slap shots off the goalie’s helmet 11:23 into the third period, and he didn’t flinch.

“I’m happy the mask worked,” Lundqvist said with a smile of the charity helmet crafted with the help of his fairly competitive friend, tennis legend John McEnroe.

RELATED: CROSS-CHECK TO J.T. MILLER INFURIATES ALAIN VIGNEAULT

Lundqvist was extremely patient, waiting for Jets shooters to make every first move. It made him look more stationary than usual but it was an effective, conscious strategy.

“I corrected a couple things,” Lundqvist said. “Less movement is something we talked about after the first game, just to try to do a little less, not challenge too much. I felt like my timing was a lot better.”

McDonagh said the win was important not only for Lundqvist but for the team, which had lost three of its last four coming in. Like Saturday in Boston, the Rangers again put Lundqvist in a hole early, surrendering the first nine shots to Winnipeg.

They fell behind 1-0 and 2-1 on goals by Jets forwards Jim Slater in the first period and ex-Ranger Lee Stempniak in the second.

But they rallied to hand the Jets (39-26-12, 90 points) a big loss as Winnipeg fights for a playoff spot in the West, while furthering their own hopes to lock up postseason home ice.

They have six regular-season games remaining, beginning with Thursday night’s conclusion to this two-game road trip in Minnesota.

“This last several games we weren’t really giving ourselves a chance,” McDonagh said. “But tonight with our battles, compete level, we were working hard all over the ice.

“It might not have been pretty at times. We were pinned in our zone at times, but we did a great job of sticking with our structure and found a way to put the puck in the net.”

Summary: