Given the task definition and input, reply with output. Given a document, generate a short title of the document. The title should convey the main idea/event/topic about which the document is being written. Note that URLs in the text have been replaced with [Link].

Days after  Chicago police Officer Dina Markham  was found dead in  her  bathtub  a break-in took place at  her  Northwest Side home while  her  family attended  her  wake  police records obtained by the Chicago Tribune show.
The disclosure of the still-unsolved “criminal trespass” to the residence June 2 adds to the mystery surrounding  Markham ’s death as well as that of  her  husband  also a veteran Chicago police officer  whose gunshot death in the couple’s bedroom 20 months earlier was ruled a suicide.
The FBI and county authorities were still investigating the shooting of Sgt.  Donald Markham  in the couple’s bed when  his  widow’s body was discovered in the bathtub at the residence over the Memorial Day weekend.
The Cook County medical examiner’s office ruled Dina Markham  47  died May 28 of an accidental drowning after consuming a dangerous mix of alcohol and the powerful anti-anxiety drug alprazolam  commonly sold under the brand name Xanax.
Police had been called to the home in the Norwood Park neighborhood about 6 p.m. that evening after two of  Markham ’s friends said they discovered her unresponsive in the water-filled bathtub.
According to records made public by the medical examiner   Markham  had texted a friend “Help. Please ... no kidding” a little after 4 a.m. that day.
Five days after  Markham ’s death  a police officer discovered a sliding door open at the back of the house in the 5900 block of North Newark Avenue while conducting a “premise check” about 10:30 p.m. June 2  according to the records released through the Freedom of Information Act.
Two neighbors told police they didn’t notice any activity at the house while the family attended Dina Markham’s wake  according to the records.
In May  shortly before Dina Markham's death  at least two officers involved in the probe were interviewed at the state's attorney's offices about their roles in the investigation into Donald Markham’s death  the Tribune has reported.
Records show that  Dina Markham told police her husband  51   had locked her out of  their  home the night of  his  death in September 2015 after the couple had been out drinking and argued after leaving a bar about 1 a.m.
In the 911 recordings released by the medical examiner’s office  a distraught Dina Markham told an emergency dispatcher that her husband was unresponsive and bleeding from his head. She pleaded that an ambulance come to the home.
Crime lab tests also showed Donald Markham had gunshot residue on his hand  indicating he'd either fired a gun or was close to a weapon being discharged at the time of his death  according to police records. The records do not indicate whether Dina Markham's hands were ever tested.
Jim Bastian   an attorney and close friend of Dina Markham's family   previously told the Tribune that Markham had "heard rumors" of an investigation but had not been contacted for an interview by any law enforcement agency before her death.
One of two friends who discovered her body told police that Dina Markham had called her twice at 3:59 a.m.  but  the friend  didn't answer the phone because  she  was sleeping  the reports show. Six minutes after the calls  Markham sent  the same friend  the text asking for help.