Write a summary based on this article:

The Public Theater has confirmed that Edward Snowden will guest star in every performance of Privacy via a pre-recorded video. The co-production with Donmar Warehouse is inspired by a post-Snowden view on privacy and technology, and encourages the use of cell phones during the show. 
  
 Snowden made international headlines in 2013 when he copied and leaked classified National Security Agency documents. His actions shed light on issues of government secrecy and surveillance and fueled worldwide debates on the matter of informational privacy. 
  
 Starring Daniel Radcliffe, Privacy will begin performances July 2 and officially open July 18. The boundary-pushing work is co-created by James Graham and Josie Rourke, and is set to play through August 14 in the Public's Newman Theater. 
  
 Daniel Radcliffe Says Audience Can Email Him During Privacy 
  
 Radcliffe stars as “The Writer” and is joined by fellow cast members De’Adre Aziza, Raffi Barsoumian, Michael Countryman, Rachel Dratch and Reg Rogers, playing an ensemble of real-life politicians, journalists and technologists who have all contributed to the show. 
  
 Here’s how the theatre bills the new play: “Privacy explores our complicated relationship with technology and data through the funny and heart-breaking travails of a lonely guy (Radcliffe), who arrives in the city to figure out how to like, tag, and share his life without giving it all away. The play uncovers what our technological choices reveal about who we are, what we want and who’s keeping track of it all. This provocative theatrical event will ask audiences to charge their phones, leave them ON during the performance and to embark on a fascinating dive online and into a new reality where we’re all connected…for better or worse.” 
  
 Tickets are available by calling (212) 967-7555, publictheater.org, or in person at the Taub Box Office at The Public Theater at 425 Lafayette Street, Manhattan. ||||| Be not afeard, indeed. 
  
 In a clandestine confab, artists from the Public Theater and the Donmar Warehouse on Saturday met in the Lower Manhattan auditorium where “A Chorus Line” and “Hamilton” began so the actor Daniel Radcliffe (in the flesh) and the fugitive Edward J. Snowden (by video from Moscow) could run lines of Shakespeare. 
  
 The odd mash-up, three years in the making, produced one of the more unusual cameos of the moment: beginning this weekend, Mr. Snowden will appear in a new play at the Public, conjured up nightly to exchange bits of “The Tempest” and ideas about privacy with Mr. Radcliffe, who plays a writer in the show. 
  
 The interview/performance was a long-sought goal of the creators of “Privacy,” a British play, rewritten with an American context, that begins performances Saturday and explores how the personal has become public in the digital age. The play was conceived shortly before Mr. Snowden burst into public view, but his leaking of government documents shaped the drama. 
  
 “Privacy” is a work of documentary theater, in which actors speak words taken from interviews the writers conducted with politicians, scholars and journalists. The show’s creators, James Graham and Josie Rourke, tried repeatedly to reach Mr. Snowden — they were not successful before the London production in 2014. But Mr. Snowden is now on a bit of a remote-controlled publicity tear (he has even made appearances via robot), and last week his lawyer from the American Civil Liberties Union said he would do it. |||||