Article:

Jupiterimages via Getty ImagesSome patients surprised when Medicare doesn’t pay the bill. medical stock imagestethoscope, medical charts (Photo: Jupiterimages, Getty Images) 
  
 An Iowa woman who says a Sioux Falls, S.D., surgeon erroneously removed her kidney has filed suit against the surgeon and his practice. 
  
 Dena Knapp was supposed to have an adrenal gland and a mass on the gland removed during the Oct. 5, 2016 surgery, according to her lawsuit. But instead, Dr. Scott Baker removed her healthy right kidney. 
  
 Baker was informed later that day by the pathology department at Avera McKennan Hospital that he removed the kidney and failed to remove the adrenal gland. But on Oct. 7, he told Knapp that he hadn’t heard from pathology, the lawsuit says. 
  
 Related: Doctor convicted of botched surgery gets life sentence 
  
 More: 'This room becomes sacred.' The heroic and heartbreaking journey of one organ donor's body 
  
 Baker called Knapp on Oct. 11 and told her that part of the adrenal gland was still inside her body and that he “did not get everything,” the lawsuit says. He advised her that she would have to undergo a second surgery. 
  
 Knapp did have a second surgery, but she went to the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, where the gland and mass were successfully removed. 
  
 Mark Hatting, the executive director for The Surgical Institute of South Dakota, where Baker is a partner and which is also named as a defendant, said Wednesday afternoon that he had not seen the complaint and could not comment. 
  
 The complaint, filed in federal court, says Knapp’s erroneous surgery resulted in an incurable and progressive kidney disease in her remaining kidney. It says she suffers from pain, fatigue, depression and mental distress. 
  
 “Further,” the lawsuit says, “since the erroneous surgery, Dena has been unable to perform many functions and has required replacement services to clean and maintain her home, the past and future cost of which is yet to be determined.” 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2MCYp3o ||||| A Milford, Iowa, woman is suing a Sioux Falls surgeon and his practice for removing the wrong organ from her body. 
  
 A Milford, Iowa, woman is suing a Sioux Falls surgeon and his practice for removing the wrong organ from her body. 
  
 Dena Knapp filed the lawsuit against Dr. Scott Baker and the Surgical Institute of South Dakota, P.C., claiming she was 'severely and permanently injured' after Baker removed her healthy right kidney rather than her adrenal gland. 
  
 According to paperwork filed in U.S. District Court, on Oct. 5, 2016, Baker was set for surgery to remove her right adrenal gland and an associated mass. 
  
 Knapp claims in the filing Baker not only failed to remove the gland and associated mass, but instead removed her right kidney. 
  
 The filing claims Baker told Knapp her kidney had been removed, but did not tell her he didn't remove the gland and associated mass. 
  
 Six days after the surgery, the filing claims Knapp was told the adrenal gland was still inside and additional surgery was needed. 
  
 She went to the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn. to have the adrenal gland and associated mass removed. 
  
 The filing claims Knapp has incurred expenses in excess of $96,000 so far, and has also lost so far $42,000 worth of earnings. 
  
 The suit also claims Knapp has been unable to perform many functions and has required replacement services to clean and maintain her home. |||||
What is a summary?