Write highlights for this article:

It's one of the world's most famous clubs but is not quite as exclusive as we may have thought. New figures show more than a tenth of Britons have got it on up in the air and joined the Mile High Club. Revealing figures from a Lastminute.com survey says of that number, 30 per cent say their  attempt to get raunchy at 30,000-feet was been thwarted by the cabin crew. In the battle of the sexes, one sixth of British men admitted their 'achievement' compared to one twelfth of women. One tenth of Britons say they've joined the Mile High Club, reveals a survey by lastminute.com. A toilet tryst is not a mystery to one in 10 Brits, but one in three say they've been thwarted by cabin crew. French - 27 per cent. Germans - 18 per cent. Britons - 11 per cent. Italians - 6 per cent. Spanish - 4 per cent. Racy flyers from Birmingham are the most likely Brits to be members of the 'club' with one fifth of those surveyed from the West Midlands saying they've been there up there, double the national average. But compared to the frisky French and game Germans, we're relative prudes. One in four of the 1,000 French jet-setters have frolicked in the air while one in five Germans were wily enough to slip by the staff and into the loo. Surprisingly perhaps, Brits are ahead of Latino lovers with those from Italy and Spain lagging behind. Lastminute.com, who surveyed 2,000 British travellers, says food service time in the best to sneak away. Along with the survery, Lastminute.com has issued advice to wannabe Mile High Clubbers keen to follow in the footsteps of alleged Mile High pioneer, pilot Lawrence Burst Sperry. Mr Sperry, or so the story goes, made the most of his autopilot-equipped Curtiss Flying Boat with socialite Mrs Waldo Peirce near New York in 1916 and famously founded the MHC. Lastminute's tips include forking out the extra cash for business class, where the toilets are slightly more comfortable than the average three by three foot of economy and passengers get a bit more leeway. They add that a night flight taking off after sunset is a good choice for high-altitude romance as most passengers will be asleep, lights will be dimmed and flight attendants patrol the aisle less frequently. Engaged! One in four French flyers say they've got down and dirty in a plane's convenience. Time is also of the essence, according to their toilet tryst tips, with drinks and food service an opportune time to sneak into the lavatories while the staff are busy. Even seat choice can be factored in, with an empty row the optimum if it can be selected at time of check-in online. An anonymous lastminute.com spokesperson, who is a member of the Mile High Club, said the most important thing is to 'be strategic and don't walk down the aisle hand in hand.' Pioneering pilot Lawrence Sperry is said to be the founder of the Mile High Club. 'Rather let one person sneak in first and use a coded knock for the door to ensure your plans get a smooth flight,' the amorous staffer said, adding the poll lived up to stereotypes about French lovers. 'It doesn't come as much of a surprise to see the French top this poll, they are certainly doing what they can to live up to our expectations, proving to be the most amorous in Europe,' the spokesperson says. 'Perhaps these results will give Italy the shake-up they need to take on the French in the romance stakes. We always encourage travellers to be spontaneous and if that means getting jiggy in the sky then we're all for it!'

Highlights: