Article: Though it may be tempting to pop a zit or pick at your acne, doing so can cause the skin to become even more inflamed and lead more acne as well as acne scars. Instead, make sure you wash the area well and apply skin care products that will work to treat and heal your acne. Never use any sharp tools on your skin, even if it is advertised as an acne removal tool. This can lead to permanent damage to your skin that can be difficult to treat or that will require more intense skin care treatments to heal. If you have a habit of resting your chin, cheek, or forehead in your hands, try to avoid doing this. If possible, try not to touch your face at all throughout the day. Your hands are carriers of bacteria and germs that may only make your acne worse if they end up on your face.  As well, if you tend to have oily hair or if you have longer hair, keep it clean and away from your face. Oil from your hair can make your face and neck extra oily, leading to possible breakouts and acne in these areas. Avoid wearing baseball caps or hats throughout the day, as these can cause acne to develop on your hairline or your forehead. Wash your caps and hats often if you wear them on a daily basis so they do not carry any bacteria that can get onto your skin.  Make sure your cell phone is clean, as you can get breakouts where your phone rests on your face. To make sure you are removing dead skin cells from your skin that can cause acne, you should wash your face twice a day, once in the morning and once at night. Use a cleansing product that contains salicylic acid, benzoyl peroxide, or glycolic acid to treat your acne effectively. Avoid scrubbing your face hard with a washcloth when you clean your face. Instead, use your fingers to gently massage the product into your skin.  If your skin is very sensitive, then wash with a gentle facial skin cleanser such as Cetaphil or Eucerin. You should also always wash your face after exercising or playing sports as oil buildup due to sweating can make your acne worse. If you are starting to grow facial hair, you may be tempted to start shaving. However, shaving can irritate acne-prone skin and lead to more breakouts. As well, you may end up nicking a pimple while shaving, which could cause inflammation. If you do need to shave, try to shave as lightly as possible on the surface of your skin to avoid irritating your acne. If you are using a safety razor when shaving, soften your facial hair with warm water and soap before you shave so you do not have to press too hard on your skin. Though your skin may appear better after a day out in the sun, in the long term, sunlight can actually make your acne worse and lead to sun damage on your face. As well, many acne products can make your skin more vulnerable to burning. Protect your skin by applying oil-free sunscreen before you go outside, even if it is not sunny outside.  Many commercial acne products can dry out your skin, especially if your skin is still trying to get used to the ingredients in the product. To prevent dryness or chapped skin, use a moisturizer that is oil-free and noncomedogenic. This will ensure the moisturizer does not clog your pores or irritate your skin.  Avoid using moisturizers that are heavy in oils, such as Vaseline and mineral oils. These products will only increase the buildup of oil and debris on your skin and make your acne worse. Ask your dermatologist to recommend an oil-free moisturizer, based on your skin type and the severity of your acne.

What is a summary?