Telltale's 'Game of Thrones' Promises Five Playable Characters, 2014 Start Date
Information is starting to trickle out about Telltale’s upcoming game set in the Game of Thrones universe, which is necessary considering one piece of that information is that Telltale is promising a 2014 kick-off for at least the first episode.

That’s sooner than many imagined, given that until this point we’ve known nearly nothing at all about the upcoming story game, but now that’s beginning to change just a bit.

The latest piece of news is that Telltale is expanding on their “double protagonist” format of Tales from the Borderlands, and their Game of Thrones title will actually have five playable characters, all from the same family.

“In Game of Thrones we’re taking that multi-protagonist design even further with five playable characters from the same family whose choices affect everyone in the family,” said senior vice president of publishing Steve Allison to IBTimes UK, “And that adds a whole new layer to things that we’re really excited about.”

IGN speculates based on the three teasers for the game so far that it takes place during a relatively current time period on the show, where Stannis Baratheon is trying to quell the Bolton’s takeover of the north. The game will supposedly feature one of the forest clans/families affect by the conflict. This would line the game up just about where the show is right now, if not a little bit after, yet feature entirely new characters not seen in the books or the show.

The announcement of five playable characters has led many fans to believe that there will be one playable character for each of the series’ five episodes, and what one does in one episode would affect all the others down the road. And obviously this format of five members of one family echoes the book’s central idea of following half a dozen Starks around in the narrative (until horrible things happen to all of them).

The one character per episode idea seems logical, but in practice it would actually not echo the format of the book or the show all that well. To play as one character and then never return to them would be odd, and wouldn’t really allow the player to form a connection with them, unlike say, Lee from The Walking Dead or Bigby from The Wolf Among Us. Similarly, if one two-hour episode is broken up into the perspectives of two or three characters, that could also be a bit jarring given the limited time there is to work with.

Perhaps since Telltale’s Game of Thrones license is so valuable, they might expand to either longer episodes or more of them, though we haven’t heard anything to that effect yet. Either way, it will be an interesting challenge working with five leads. Most games that are a lot longer than Telltale’s often have trouble splitting the narrative between even two characters, much less five. They’ll have to have a very tight script for this to work.

The end of the year is quickly approaching, so expect more and more information about Telltale’s Game of Thrones to start pouring forth soon, including screenshots and actual video, hopefully. I’m excited to see what they do with the property, and they should be able to shake off the mediocrity of past Game of Thrones video game attempts. Follow me on Twitter, like my page on Facebook, and pick up a copy of my sci-fi novel, The Last Exodus, and its sequel, The Exiled Earthborn, along with my new Forbes book, Fanboy Wars.

Here are my ideas for a proper Game of Thrones RPG:
What was this article about?