Given a post that is a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation and an associated claim about its type, verify if the claim is true or not. The claim asks if the posts are historical or hypothetical. The posts are "HISTORICAL" when the author has already done something and they are "HYPOTHETICAL" when the author is considering doing something in the future. Say 'yes' if the claim is true otherwise say 'no'

CLAIM : The following post is HISTORICAL. POST : I'm not really sure where to start but I guess I'll start here.

My (now ex) roommate (we will call him Alan) and I met online before our first year of college and we applied to room together with 2 other people. We lived together for a year and during that time he and one of my other roommates (Harry) got in a huge fight and Alan and my last roommate (Kyle) decided to not room with Harry this year. I stayed rooming with them because we had purchased some stuff (TV, printer, etc.) together, but I mostly stayed out of the fight because it didn't involve me. Alan and I both suffered from depression and I can say at times he was one of the reasons I didn't off myself in what was a very hard year for me, and vice versa.

Fast forward to this year, I'm living fairly happily. My depression, if not beaten, is manageable at least every day, and so I don't have much to say about my feelings apart from the occasional "I'm feeling a bit stressed about this midterm". So when Alan asks "How are you?" I usually answer with "I'm fine" because I am. He is still struggling, however, so I try to help him out, but, honestly, it's hard talking over the same issues over and over again when he doesn't change things ever and doesn't seem to want to. I don't think I'm supposed to be his therapist, but I also wanted to be a good friend. I kept inviting him to join me and my friends when we would go out, but he'd always be busy with plans with his friends or ditch me last minute for them. It also felt like he only ever wanted to talk about him and he rarely talked about me, except when we were in groups. He's always been that kind of person, but it started to grind on my gears because in addition to him ditching me constantly and always saying "I have homework" or "I'm busy" if I actually did have something to talk about, it started to be a little much. So I stopped inviting him to things over time and stopped really talking to him apart from greeting him in our apartment when I saw him. I'll admit I was a bit short with him at times because I was starting to resent him always having hours of time for his other friends but not a few minutes for me. I never did anything meaner than answer a question more tersely than he would have liked. At this point, I was also having big changes in school and work, so I turned my focus away from my home life to focus on that.

Earlier this month, Alan moved out to another room because it was his "neighborhood", where all his friends live (roughly 10 to 15 of his friends live there). Which would have been fine, that's his perogative. My issue is that he's been saying to our mutual friends that I was a depressing roommate and that I never talked or hung out with him, and that I was never there for him which I guess was true towards the end. It feels like I'm being Harry'd for lack of a better term. So AITA for slowly pulling out of this friendship and should I apologize? Or should I confront him about what he's saying to our friends? Or should I just do nothing?

Thanks in advance for any responses.