Definition: In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Input: Question: How many years did the war where Lyon served with the 2nd Battalion last? Passage 1:Lyon was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant into the 4th (Extra Reserve) Battalion, the North Staffordshire Regiment in February 1900, but two months later, in April of the same year, transferred to the 2nd Battalion of the regiment. The 2nd Battalion was a regular battalion and was at the time on active service in South Africa during the Second Boer War, where Lyon joined the battalion and served with it throughout the war being Mentioned in Despatches in 1901. He was promoted to lieutenant on 19 January 1901, while in South Africa. After peace was declared in May 1902, Lyon left Cape Town on board the SS Bavarian and arrived in the United Kingdom the following month. He remained with the 2nd Battalion when it was posted to India in 1903 where he became adjutant and was promoted to captain.
 Passage 2:Burn made his debut in County Cricket for Durham in the 1985 Minor Counties Championship against Cumberland. From 1985 to 1991, he represented the county in 40 Championship matches, the last of which came against Cambridgeshire. Burn also represented Durham in the MCCA Knockout Trophy, making his debut in that competition against Hertfordshire in 1986. From 1986 to 1991, he played 6 Trophy matches for the county, the last of which came against Cumberland. It was for Durham that Burn made his debut in List A cricket against Derbyshire in the 1985 NatWest Trophy. From 1985 to 1991, he represented the county in 6 List A matches, the last of which came against Glamorgan in the 1991 NatWest Trophy. Following Durham's elevation to first-class status at the end of the 1991 season, Burn played no further matches for the county.
 Passage 3:Persoonia terminalis was first reported by Lawrie Johnson of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Sydney, in the 1981 edition of Flora of New South Wales. He viewed it as a distinctive subspecies of Persoonia nutans, a broadly defined species that included many forms since classified as distinct. Queensland botanists Trevor Donald Stanley and Estelle M. Ross classed P.terminalis as part of Persoonia oxycoccoides in their 1983 work Flora of South-eastern Queensland. They considered it more likely a species in its own right, as they believed the description of the Queensland populations did not match the P. oxycoccoides from central New South Wales. Upon re-examining Persoonia nutans and Persoonia oxycoccoides, Johnson and Peter Weston concluded that there were in fact several distinct species, and that Persoonia terminalis was described as such in 1991. The type specimen was collected south of the Torrington pub on the Emmaville–Torrington road by Weston and ecologist Peter Richards, and is now housed in the National Herbarium of New South Wales, which is part of the Royal Botanic Gardens and Domain Trust Sydney and Office of Environment and Heritage. The Herbarium houses over 1.2million other specimens. The generic name Persoonia is derived from the name of South African botanist Christiaan Hendrik Persoon. The specific name terminalis refers to the inflorescences (clusters of flowers) that are in this species at the ends of the branchlets. Its common name is the Torrington geebung.

Output: