Article: Your railway can be as long as you want it to be, but you'll need to know roughly how many blocks it will traverse so that you know how many rails to create. Try walking from point A of your planned railway to point B. This will help you plan out your route as well as make you aware of any obstacles in your way. There are four main items that you'll use to create your railway:   Minecart - The "train" section of your railway. This is how you will move from point A to point B.  Rails - Basic rails on which your minecart will travel.  Powered Rails - Rails activated by redstone that will speed up your minecart (or keep it moving). Powered rails that don't have redstone powering them will slow (and eventually stop) your cart.  Redstone Torches - The power source for each section of 14 powered rails. Not necessary for regular rails. To create a railway system, you'll need the following items:   Iron bars - For each 16 rails that you want to make, you'll need six iron bars. You'll also need five iron bars to make a minecart. You can make iron by smelting iron ore in a furnace.  Sticks - For each 16 rails that you want to make, you'll need one stick. You'll also need one stick per lever and redstone torch. You can craft four sticks by adding two planks (one on top of the other) to the crafting table interface.  Gold bars - Used to create powered rails. You'll need six gold bars for each stack of six powered rails that you want to make. You can make gold by smelting gold ore in a furnace.  Redstone - Mine redstone blocks with an iron pickaxe (or better).  Cobblestone - You'll need one cobblestone per lever. Face the Crafting Table and select it to open the crafting interface. Place an iron bar in the top-left, top-right, middle-left, center, and middle-right squares in the crafting table, then click or tab the minecart icon and click or tap your inventory to move it to your inventory. Place one iron bar in each of the squares in the far-left and far-right columns of the crafting interface, place one stick in the middle square of the crafting interface, and then move the rails to your inventory.  This will create one set of 16 rails, so feel free to multiply these ingredients by the number of sets you want to create. On console editions, scroll over to the "Redstone and Transportation" tab, select the "Rails" option, and press A or X until you've created enough rails. You'll need significantly fewer powered rails than regular rails. Place one gold bar in each of the squares in the far-left and far-right columns of the crafting interface, place one stick in the middle square of the crafting interface, and place one redstone in the bottom-middle square. Move the resulting powered rails into your inventory.  This will create one set of 6 powered rails, so feel free to multiply these ingredients by the number of sets you want to create. On console editions, scroll over to the "Redstone and Transportation" tab, select the "Rails" option, scroll down to the "Powered Rails" option, and press A or X until you've created enough rails. Place an equal number of sticks and redstones in the bottom-middle and center squares of the crafting table respectively, then move the resulting torches to your inventory. Place an equal number of cobblestone blocks and sticks in the bottom-middle and center squares of the crafting table respectively, then move the resulting levers to your inventory. You're now ready to create your railway system.
What is a summary of what this article is about?