Given a post that is a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation and an associated claim about its type, verify if the claim is true or not. The claim asks if the posts are historical or hypothetical. The posts are "HISTORICAL" when the author has already done something and they are "HYPOTHETICAL" when the author is considering doing something in the future. Say 'yes' if the claim is true otherwise say 'no'
Q: CLAIM : The following post is HISTORICAL. POST : I had a psychiatrist appointment in san jose and cyrus/aia wanted to go to a dollar store to shop. I suggested that they should come with me because the 99 had way better produce and we could get some pho or something. Cyrus was adamant about getting in n out. Aia and I agreed on noodles. I had no objections to doing both. Before my appointment I had to mess with my printer to get it to work so we leave a little late and I apologize to aia because we couldn't drop her resume off somewhere she wanted to work. On the way, Aia discovers she can't do her reading on the 17 northbound because of all of the movement. She tells me the reading is due at 7. My psych appointment takes an hour as predicted and ended up being extremely emotionally taxing. (I did tell them 30 minutes to an hour before we left) Cyrus and Aia apparently go to in n out during such. When they come back with my car 15 minutes after my appointment ended, Aia tells me she left room for noodles. So I figure, yeah let's go get noodles. I drive us to a pho place 15 minutes away and when we get there, cyrus says we should leave. Aia complains that it's expensive and that I said pho is $6 to $8.(I'm from LA) It was really $10 to $11 and that turns out to be average for San Jose. Therefore, she is not eating. Cyrus offers to pay for her meal but she refuses. At this point, I'm hungry and have a massive headache so I decide to eat. Cyrus asks me if I can take it to go and I say no because rice noodles go bad pretty fast. Im pretty disappointed that im eating alone here but I eat as fast as possible without throwing up so we can go. It was a pretty big bowl so it took like half an hour. We go to the 99 15 minutes away to do our grocery shopping and we head back home to santa cruz. On the way back, we encounter a ton of traffic and I apologize to Aia again. From here, Cyrus starts exploding at me saying that I asked them to come with me and that we never made plans to get noodles. He says I'm a dick for eating the noodles when no one else was eating and when he said I should take it to go/we should leave that should have been my cue to just not eat and that it essentially translates to we dont have time for this. Eventually I stop listening because I have a huge problem with people yelling in general and they both know this. I tell them that if we didn't have time, they should tell me there isn't time instead of just saying we should leave because I cant read their minds. (Make your needs be known/be direct) They just claim that I'm flipping it on them and that I'm saying they should have done more. Unbeknownst to me, Aia just wasnt doing her homework and absolutely needed to be at home to read something on her phone that was in her pocket. I was going to apologize to Aia about this whole thing, but something about being yelled at and insulted for an hour by her boyfriend made me not want to. At this point, my medication wears off and I just start putting minimal effort into the conversation by just making snarky semantic arguments to push him off more.
A: