Definition: In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Input: Question: How many years after the oldest national wildlife refuge was created was the newest created? Passage 1:Oklahoma has 41 state parks, two national protected forests or grasslands, and a network of wildlife preserves and conservation areas. Six percent of the state's 10 million acres (40,000 km) of forest is public land, including the western portions of the Ouachita National Forest, the largest and oldest national forest in the southern United States. With , the Tallgrass Prairie Preserve in north-central Oklahoma is the largest protected area of tallgrass prairie in the world and is part of an ecosystem that encompasses only 10 percent of its former land area, once covering 14 states. In addition, the Black Kettle National Grassland covers of prairie in southwestern Oklahoma. The Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge is the oldest and largest of nine national wildlife refuges in the state and was founded in 1901, encompassing . Of Oklahoma's federally protected park or recreational sites, the Chickasaw National Recreation Area is the largest, with . Other federal protected sites include the Santa Fe and Trail of Tears national historic trails, the Fort Smith and Washita Battlefield national historic sites, and the Oklahoma City National Memorial.
 Passage 2:McKenna was born on December 28, 1937 in Connellsville, PA. He has lived in Texas for over forty years. He attended Boys Catholic High School in Augusta, Georgia, Bradley Central High School in Cleveland, Tennessee and St. Edward High School in Lakewood, Ohio. He began his formal study of art at the age of fourteen at the Gertrude Herbert School of Art in Augusta, Georgia. Later, he continued his studies at the American Academy of Art in Chicago and at the San Antonio Art Institute. He received Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the University of Notre Dame, where he was influenced by the sculptor-in-residence, Ivan Meštrović. He also received a Master of Arts from Webster University in 1981.
 Passage 3:At Boston College, Lynch was a Bradley Postdoctoral Fellow. He taught at the University of Dallas Rome campus. In 2005, he participated in ISI/Jack Miller Center’s Lehrman Summer Institute. In 2006, he was Faculty Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies. Between 2006 and 2007, Lynch was Senior Advisor at the United States Department of State. And in 2011, he was a faculty member on the Hertog Political Studies Program in Washington, D.C. Lynch was granted the Olin Faculty Fellowship to support his work on a new book about Machiavelli's thoughts on war. Additionally, on the 500th anniversary of the writing of Machiavelli's The Prince, Lynch was discussant in the "Machiavelli's The Prince at 500: Rereading The Prince in the 21st Century" Panel at the 2013 American Political Science Association (APSA) Annual Meeting and Exhibition in Chicago, and he spoke at Harvard University on the question of whether Machiavelli is a philosopher. Lynch has been a part of workshops and seminars at Army War College, Naval War College, and National Defense University. Additionally, he has presented lectures at the Air Force Academy and the National War College. Currently, Lynch is Professor of Great Ideas and Political Science at Carthage College.

Output: