Ques & Ans: Mary Margaret "Peggy" Wood (February 9, 1892 -- March 18, 1978) was an American actress of stage, film and television. She is best remembered for her performance as the title character in the CBS television series Mama (1949 -- 1957), for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series; her starring role as Naomi, Ruth's mother-in-law, in The Story of Ruth (1960); and her final screen appearance as Mother Abbess in The Sound of Music (1965), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award.

Answer this question based on the passage: who played the reverend mother in the sound of music?
Mary Margaret `` Peggy '' Wood
Stream of consciousness: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: She is best remembered for her performance as the title character in the CBS television series Mama (1949 -- 1957), for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series; her starring role as Naomi, Ruth's mother-in-law, in The Story of Ruth (1960); and her final screen appearance as Mother Abbess in The Sound of Music (1965), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award.

Ques & Ans: Ghrelin (pronounced / ˈɡrɛlɪn /), the "hunger hormone", also known as lenomorelin (INN), is a peptide hormone produced by ghrelinergic cells in the gastrointestinal tract which functions as a neuropeptide in the central nervous system. Besides regulating appetite, ghrelin also plays a significant role in regulating the distribution and rate of use of energy.

Based on this passage, which hormone plays a significant role in appetite stimulation?
Ghrelin
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: Ghrelin (pronounced / ˈɡrɛlɪn /), the "hunger hormone", also known as lenomorelin (INN), is a peptide hormone produced by ghrelinergic cells in the gastrointestinal tract which functions as a neuropeptide in the central nervous system.

Ques & Ans: Context: Super Bowl LII was an American football game played to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2017 season. The National Football Conference (NFC) champion Philadelphia Eagles defeated the American Football Conference (AFC) and defending Super Bowl LI champion New England Patriots, 41 -- 33, to win their first Super Bowl and their first NFL title since 1960. The game was played on February 4, 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota. This was the second time that a Super Bowl was played in Minneapolis, the northernmost city to ever host the event, after Super Bowl XXVI at the Metrodome during the 1991 season, and the sixth Super Bowl held in a cold-weather city.

Question: where is the super bowl being played at this year?
U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis , Minnesota
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: The game was played on February 4, 2018, at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Ques & Ans: Context: The Rajasthan Royals (often abbreviated as RR) are a cricket team in the Indian Premier League from the city of Jaipur. Founded in 2008 as one of the initial eight IPL franchises, the Royals are owned by Manoj Badale. The team played its home matches at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur and also had secondary home grounds at the Sardar Patel Stadium at Ahmedabad and the Brabourne Stadium at Mumbai.

Question: who is the new owner of rajasthan royals?
Manoj Badale
Stream of consciousness: