Article:The two-goal home hero opened his season's account in the 19th minute direct from a free-kick wide on the right, deftly curling the ball through the visiting defence and into the far corner.
Carey doubled the home advantage six minutes later as he waltzed through the middle of the Stags' defence before clipping the ball past goakeeper Brian Jensen.
It was Jensen who prevented Carey opening his account in the sixth minute with a fingertip save, diving low to his right to keep out the midfielder's measured 15-yard shot.
Mansfield did their best to respond, with Mitchell Rose firing over when well placed on the edge of the box in the 42nd minute after being teed up by Matt Green.
Stags midfielder Chris Clements fired just over as Town made a better start to the second half while Carey sent an effort wide as he sought his hat-trick in the final minute.
Report supplied by Press Association.
Match ends, Plymouth Argyle 2, Mansfield Town 0.
Second Half ends, Plymouth Argyle 2, Mansfield Town 0.
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Jordan Slew.
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Oscar Threlkeld.
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Gary Sawyer.
Attempt blocked. Darius Henderson (Mansfield Town) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Substitution, Plymouth Argyle. Ben Purrington replaces Connor Smith.
Jordan Slew (Plymouth Argyle) is shown the yellow card.
Hand ball by Jordan Slew (Plymouth Argyle).
Substitution, Plymouth Argyle. Jordan Slew replaces James Spencer.
Foul by Nauris Bulvitis (Plymouth Argyle).
Darius Henderson (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Darius Henderson (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sonny Bradley (Plymouth Argyle).
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Sonny Bradley.
Foul by James Spencer (Plymouth Argyle).
Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Attempt missed. Graham Carey (Plymouth Argyle) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
Substitution, Mansfield Town. George Taft replaces Mitch Rose.
Ryan Donaldson (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town).
Graham Carey (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Mitch Rose (Mansfield Town).
Substitution, Plymouth Argyle. David Goodwillie replaces Jake Jervis.
Attempt missed. Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
Attempt missed. Adam Chapman (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from more than 35 yards is just a bit too high.
Attempt saved. Darius Henderson (Mansfield Town) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Jake Jervis (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Malvind Benning (Mansfield Town).
Foul by James Spencer (Plymouth Argyle).
Kyle Howkins (Mansfield Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Ryan Donaldson (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Rhys Bennett (Mansfield Town).
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Ryan Donaldson.
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Sonny Bradley.
Substitution, Mansfield Town. CJ Hamilton replaces Kevan Hurst.
Attempt missed. Chris Clements (Mansfield Town) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high.
Yann Songo'o (Plymouth Argyle) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Lee Collins (Mansfield Town).
Corner,  Mansfield Town. Conceded by Nauris Bulvitis.

Summarize the main points of that article.