HELENA, Mont. (AP) — Move over, Judge Judy. Alaska's mama grizzly is getting a gavel. 
  
 A production company spokesman says former Gov. Sarah Palin has signed a deal to make a pilot for a reality courtroom TV show. 
  
 Warm Springs Productions spokesman Howard Bragman said Tuesday that the company will use the pilot to try to find a buyer to air the show five days a week starting in fall 2017. 
  
 Bragman says Palin is a natural for the role because she's telegenic and not afraid to give her opinion. She has no legal training. 
  
 The Montana-based production company specializes in outdoors shows and programming for the National Rifle Association. This would be its first reality courtroom show. 
  
 Bragman says it will be produced by Larry Lyttle, who also produced shows "Judge Judy" and "Judge Joe Brown." ||||| Getty Sarah Palin is getting her own courtroom reality-TV show 
  
 The gavel is in Sarah Palin’s court — well, it will be. 
  
 The former Alaska governor will star in a reality-TV courtroom, according to a report from People magazine. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 Palin signed a deal in February to preside over a “Judge Judy”-type show expected to premiere in the fall of 2017. A source told People that the Donald Trump surrogate will meet with stations, create a pilot episode and then sell it. 
  
 Warm Springs, the Montana-based production company Palin reportedly signed with, approached the controversial former politician with the idea last year. The production team will include a TV executive who discovered judges Judy Sheindlin and Joe Brown, both of whom hosted their own eponymous courtroom shows. 
  
 The show hasn’t been named yet, but it is expected to premiere as a nationally syndicated daytime show. 
  
 Palin is no stranger to reality TV. She hosted, “Sarah Palin’s Alaska,” a show that broadcast for one season on TLC in 2010 and 2011. ||||| Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. ||||| Move over, Judge Judy. There could be a new TV courtroom judge coming to town – and it’s none other than former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. 
  
 The onetime vice presidential candidate has been tapped to preside over a planned reality court show that would premiere next year, if it gets picked up by stations. She signed a deal in February with Montana-based production company Warm Springs, a source close to the process tells PEOPLE. 
  
 “It’s a production deal,” the source explains. “What happens next is she’ll meet with stations, make a pilot and sell it.” 
  
 Warm Springs first approached Palin with the idea in 2015 and has since put together a team that includes the TV executive who found Judge Judy and Judge Joe Brown. 
  
 Unlike the two famous TV judges, Palin does not have a juris doctor degree. But the source notes that the bestselling author has a variety of other qualities that make her perfectly suited to the job. 
  
 “Palin’s telegenic personality, wide appeal and common sense wisdom make her a natural for this kind of format and she was Warm Springs’ top pick for this project.” 
  
 The as-yet-untitled show would premiere as a nationwide syndicated daytime show in the fall of 2017, the source adds. 
  
 Palin is currently in Alaska caring for her husband, Todd, who’s transitioning from intensive care following a serious snowmachine accident on March 13. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?