The visitors got off to a perfect start, taking the lead inside eight minutes when Reggie Lambe swept Hallam Hope's pull-back into the far corner.
Richie Bennett had already gone close twice for Carlisle, but Cambridge responded well and were level six minutes after the goal through Medy Elito's penalty.
He was fouled by Gary Liddle after Jack Bonham dropped a cross and sent Bonham the wrong way to equalise.
Having withstood extended pressure at the other end, Carlisle were ahead again six minutes before the interval. David Forde produced a fine save to turn Tom Miller's header onto the bar but the ball fell to Tom Parkes to fire home from close range.
Looking to respond in the second half, Cambridge's best chances came when Luke Berry hit a firm effort narrowly over before Jabo Ibehre thumped a header onto the underside of the bar from Leon Davies' cross seven minutes from time.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Cambridge United 1, Carlisle United 2.
Second Half ends, Cambridge United 1, Carlisle United 2.
Jake Carroll (Cambridge United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Sam Cosgrove (Carlisle United).
Substitution, Carlisle United. Jamie Devitt replaces Hallam Hope.
Substitution, Cambridge United. Adebayo Azeez replaces Leon Davies.
Foul by Leon Legge (Cambridge United).
Mark Ellis (Carlisle United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Uche Ikpeazu (Cambridge United) hits the bar with a header from the centre of the box.
Uche Ikpeazu (Cambridge United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Tom Parkes (Carlisle United).
Substitution, Carlisle United. Michael Jones replaces Nicky Adams.
Delay in match Mark Ellis (Carlisle United) because of an injury.
Tom Parkes (Carlisle United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Jabo Ibehre (Cambridge United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Tom Parkes (Carlisle United).
Reggie Lambe (Carlisle United) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Harrison Dunk (Cambridge United).
Substitution, Carlisle United. Sam Cosgrove replaces Richard Bennett.
Foul by Uche Ikpeazu (Cambridge United).
Danny Grainger (Carlisle United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Piero Mingoia (Cambridge United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Danny Grainger (Carlisle United).
Substitution, Cambridge United. Harrison Dunk replaces Medy Elito.
Substitution, Cambridge United. Piero Mingoia replaces Liam O'Neil.
Foul by Richard Bennett (Carlisle United).
Gary Deegan (Cambridge United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Hallam Hope (Carlisle United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Leon Legge (Cambridge United).
Attempt missed. Luke Berry (Cambridge United) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.
Foul by Gary Liddle (Carlisle United).
Luke Berry (Cambridge United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Danny Grainger (Carlisle United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner.
Reggie Lambe (Carlisle United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Gary Deegan (Cambridge United).
Attempt missed. Leon Legge (Cambridge United) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.
Medy Elito (Cambridge United) is shown the yellow card.
Foul by Danny Grainger (Carlisle United).
Jabo Ibehre (Cambridge United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Richard Bennett (Carlisle United) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
What was that article about?