The questions you have asked are not exactly the same but are related because they both concern the tier 2 general dependent visa process. The first question targets the need for an English language certificate, while the second question asks for requirements for an unmarried partner to apply as a dependent. I will address both questions separately below.

1. English Language Certificate for Tier 2 General Dependent Visa:

For a tier 2 general dependent visa applicant, providing an English language certificate is usually not required. The primary English language proficiency requirements apply to the main tier 2 visa applicant, who must prove their knowledge of the English language by passing a secure English language test (SELT) or showing they have a degree taught in English.

However, if the dependent were to eventually apply for settlement or indefinite leave to remain in the UK, they may need to show evidence of their English language proficiency by meeting the requirements of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) at the A1 level for applications made on or after 1st October 2013 and the A2 level for applications made on or after 1st May 2017.

2. Requirements for an Unmarried Partner to Apply as a Dependent:

To apply for the Tier 2 General Dependent Visa as an unmarried partner, you and your partner must meet the following requirements:

a) Genuine relationship: You must show evidence that you are in a genuine and subsisting relationship with the main Tier 2 visa holder, comparable to a marriage or civil partnership. This usually entails showing proof that you have been living together in a relationship akin to a marriage or civil partnership for at least two years.

b) Maintenance funds: You will need to demonstrate that you have adequate funds to maintain yourselves (and any dependents) without needing public funds. The main Tier 2 visa holder must have a minimum income of £18,600 per year, with another £3,800 for the first dependent and £2,400 for each additional dependent.

c) No recourse to public funds: As a dependent on the Tier 2 visa, you are not allowed to access public funds in the UK, and you must provide a declaration to confirm that you will not do so.

d) Immigration Health Surcharge (IHS): All applicants, including dependents, are required to pay the Immigration Health Surcharge to cover healthcare provided by the National Health Service (NHS) during their stay in the UK.

e) Valid application: The application must be submitted online and should contain the necessary supporting documents. Dependent applications can either be submitted at the same time as the principal Tier 2 applicant or at a later date.

f) Visa application fee: There is a fee for the tier 2 general dependent visa application, which needs to be paid when submitting the application.

Please note that unmarried partners must show sufficient evidence of the genuineness of their relationship when applying as a dependent. This may include joint financial accounts, shared rental or ownership of properties, shared responsibilities and commitments (e.g., children), and other documents that demonstrate the long-term nature of the relationship.

In conclusion, while the English language certificate is not required when applying for the Tier 2 General Dependent visa, other requirements must be met, including proving the genuine and subsisting nature of the relationship. The questions you asked are related but focus on different aspects of the tier 2 general dependent visa.