This means learning to drive defensively and not take on a passive role when behind the wheel. In addition to traditional driver's education (which is usually a mandatory part of getting a license in the first place), you can take defensive driving courses and skill-enhancement courses if need be.  Part of learning to be a good driver is knowing the rules of the road. Don't overwhelm yourself with details on traffic laws, but do become familiar with major laws and regulations (such as right-of-way guidelines). Taking informal lessons from a friend or family member who is a safe, experienced driver can go a long way toward building your confidence, and won't cost you anything but some time and effort. Before going out on the open road, go to an open lot (such as a store parking lot on days when the business is closed) with a friend and just get used to the feeling of being behind the wheel. Once you feel comfortable enough, practice starting and stopping, turning, and signaling. If even the idea of driving slowly in an empty parking lot frightens you, begin by just sitting in the driver's seat of your car with the engine off. Eventually, start the car; over time, the basic aspects of driving won't seem so scary. These will work differently for different people, but could include things such as meditating, deep breathing, or praying. Find what works for you and do it on a daily basis. If you are naturally prone to panic attacks, this should be part of your daily routine already. If you have suffered a car accident, learning to keep calm when returning to driving is key to regaining self-confidence.  If you are in therapy for anxiety already, ask your therapist what you can do to calm yourself down in a situation where you are beginning to panic. Figuring out how to handle your anxiety before you go out on the road will be help your nerves immensely.  Keep in mind that it is rare for someone to have an accident while in the midst of a panic attack. A certain degree of anxiety can be relieved by knowing as much as possible about how your car works. If you understand the operations of your vehicle's safety features and how they can protect you in the unlikely event of a crash, you may become less scared to drive.  Know how to properly wear your seatbelt. The single biggest thing you can do to protect yourself from becoming injured during a crash is to wear your seatbelt. Seatbelts are most effective when worn low and tight across the lap and with the shoulder strap across your chest.  You may also want to consider a built-in emergency contact system, such as On Star. These systems make it easy for you to get help if you are in an accident and they will automatically send help if you can’t respond.  Most vehicle operator's manuals have sections devoted to safety features. Some even provide instructions on what to do in the event of an emergency. Alternatively, you can ask your insurance provider for this information. When planning to go out for a drive, make sure you are well-rested. Alertness and quick thinking are critical aspects of driving safely, and you will feel less anxious if you are not tired when you get behind the wheel. Do not rely upon caffeine or other artificial alertness aids to keep you awake.  If you take medications that make you drowsy, do not drive while under their influence. Contrary to what you might expect, you could be more likely to have an anxiety attack if you try to drive while tired, as you might panic just knowing that you could fall asleep.

Summary: