Given the question: Information:  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.  - Lin Li-hui (born 16 April 1976), better known by her stage name Shu Qi, is a Taiwanese actress and model. She has also been credited as Hsu Chi and Shu Kei (Cantonese pronunciation of "Shu Qi").  - Home Sweet Home is a 2005 Hong Kong horror film directed by Cheang Pou - soi , starring Shu Qi , Karena Lam and Alex Fong .  - Hong Kong, officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of East Asia. Macau lies across the delta to the west, and the Chinese province of Guangdong borders the territory to the north. With a total land area of and a population of over 7.3 million of various nationalities, it ranks as the world's fourth most densely populated sovereign state or territory.  - Soi Cheang Pou-Soi is a Hong Kong film director, assistant director, screenwriter, script supervisor, and actor.  - Macau (literally: "Bay Gate"), (in Portuguese, which is still widely used in the city) also spelled Macao (in English), officially the Região Administrativa Especial de Macau da República Popular da China, is an autonomous territory on the western side of the Pearl River Delta in East Asia. Macau is bordered by the city of Zhuhai in China to the North and the Pearl River Estuary to the East and South. Hong Kong lies about to its East across the Delta. With a population of 650,900 living in an area of , it is the most densely populated region in the world.  - Karena Lam (born 17 August 1978) is a Taiwanese-Canadian, actress and singer based in Hong Kong. She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. In 2015, she won the Best Actress Award at the Golden Horse Awards for her role in "Zinnia Flower", making her the first person ever to have won all of the following three Golden Horse awards: Best Lead Actress, Best Supporting Actress and Best New Performer.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'original language of work' with 'cantonese'.
The answer is: