Teacher:In this task, you are given a Reddit post as a text. Your task is to generate a title for this text. The title should start with "TIFU by", followed by a situation that caused humor. The title should contain 7-12 words, ideally.
Teacher: Now, understand the problem? Solve this instance: Text: obligatory not today, but two saturdays ago. 

first let's flashback to late may. me and my brother had shared a car for the past year since we were twins and had just gotten our licenses. we each paid 50/50 on a $2600 2000 pontiac bonneville. i was getting tired of sharing a car and decided that i needed my own. we had a deal that if i got my own car, he'd pay for half of it since i paid for half of the pontiac. i really wanted a truck, but a reliable, low mileage truck was out of my price range. however, i found a 1994 saturn sc2 with 147,000 miles on it for only $1500. it's a small car for my 6'4" self, but it had low miles for its age and seemed to be very well taken care of. so, $750 from my wallet and $750 from my brother's bought me a new used car. it drove great for a few weeks. however, two weeks ago, i went to check the spark plugs and noticed that there was oil in all 4 of the spark plug holes. uh oh, valve cover gasket leak. 

i'm fairly mechanically inclined, and my uncle is a mechanic-turned-electrician, so i had consultation if i was stuck. however, a valve cover gasket replacement only involves loosening bolts, scraping off the old gasket, putting the new gasket on, and torqueing the bolts down to the proper torque, so i decided that i could do it on my own. after getting the new gasket in place, i retrieved my trusty torque wrench and set out to torque down the bolts. 89 in/lbs was the torque for the bolts, so that's what i set the torque wrench to, or so i thought. however, i was rushing because i had to work that afternoon and i accidentally set it to 89 ft/lbs, a mere 12 times more torque than required. i start torqueing and notice that it feels like it takes more effort than it should, but i trusted the setting on the wrench and kept tightening. suddenly, i heard a loud *snap*. cursing followed and i frantically took the hand-tightened bolts out so i could get the valve cover off and inspect the hole. these bolts were designed to break off below the surface of the hole instead of above, which meant i couldn't grip it with vice grips. stressed and needing to go to work, i hopped in my brother's pontiac and decided i'd strategize the next day. 

the next morning, i call up my uncle and ask for his advice. luckily, he has a snap-on bolt extractor kit. i thanked him and started getting to work extracting the bolt. my drilling, however, was less than perfect, and i stripped the threads of the hole. no worries, i said to myself, and i went to the hardware store to pick up a helicoil set. i headed home and started drilling for the helicoil. apparently, my hands are less steady than i thought. i drilled the hole crooked, meaning it would not hold a helicoil. defeated, i called my uncle for advice again. he came over, assessed the situation, and determined that i'd have to take my cylinder head to a machine shop. unfortunately, my car has dual overhead cams, which means it's a long process to dismantle everything. however, with the aide of my haynes manual and many youtube videos, i was able to get the cylinder head out and dropped it off at a machine shop on monday. i called today and, thankfully, it'll be ready to be picked up tomorrow - along with a $400 bill
Student: