Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Alex Gore. PUBLISHED:. 11:33 EST, 28 February 2013. |. UPDATED:. 12:49 EST, 28 February 2013. Millions of matchsticks have been pieced together with painstaking precision by a craftsman who has devoted years of his life to creating models of iconic buildings. Pat Acton has dedicated thousands of hours to his hobby, with the Capitol building in Washington and New York's newest skyscraper, One World Trade Centre, among his handmade creations. The careers counsellor has also put together a model of the battleship USS Iowa, the Space Shuttle Challenger and the fictional Hogwarts school from Harry Potter. Craftsman: Pat Acton proudly shows of his matchstick models at his home museum in Gladbrook, Iowa. Iconic landmark: Mr Acton's model of the Capitol building in Washington took 478,000 matchsticks to make. Painstaking precision: Matchstick models of the Capitol building, left, and the Space Shuttle Challenger, right. Memorial: Mr Acton has dedicated his model of the Space Shuttle Challenger to the seven crew killed on board. The impressive models have taken pride of place in Mr Acton's home museum in Gladbrook, Iowa. The architecture-loving craftsman used 478,000 matchsticks and 10 gallons of carpenter glue to make the Capitol building model. His Hogwarts creation took 3,000 hours to building, with 602,000 matchsticks and 24 gallons of glue, as Mr Acton replicated every bridge, tower and window of the building seen in the films. He used photographs and drawings to work from, and made sure he included the Great Hall, Great Tower and Fortified Cathedral - settings for Harry Potter's famous run ins with Lord Voldemort. Dedication: The matchstick model of Hogwarts school in Harry Potter took up to 3,000 hours to create. Detailed: The replica of the fictional Hogwarts school from the Harry Potter films used 602,000 matchsticks. Hobby: Mr Acton, pictured hard at work in his home workshop, is a professional careers counsellor. Mr Acton, a father-of-three who lives with his wife April, said: 'I have always loved architecture ever since I was in elementary school. 'People react very differently to each model - some they are drawn to immediately, others they ignore.' He dedicated his space shuttle model, for which used 200,000 matchsticks, to the seven astronauts who died when it broke up 73 seconds after launch in 1986. Mr Acton's 1/70-scale version of the USS Iowa contains 137,000 matchsticks and took more than 800 hours to build. He said: 'My kids are proud of their dad the matchmaker. They are all a labour of love, taking years to plan and build.' Devoted: Mr Acton's 1/70-scale version of the USS Iowa took more than 800 hours to build. Write caption here. Gallons of glue: The model of New York's newest skyscraper required the steadies of hands to complete. Proud: The father-of-three proudly shows off his creations at his home museum in Gladbrook, Iowa. Mr Acton was born and raised in Iowa and graduated from the University of Northern Iowa in 1977. He first attempt at matchstick model making came in 1977, when he built a church, using a box of Ohio Blue Tip matches, a bottle of glue, a piece of sandpaper and a knife. Mr Acton then challenged himself to build a model for the frigate USS Constitution and he has never looked back. But it was not until 10 years later, with Mr Acton having cut the heads of hundreds of thousands of matchsticks, that he discovered he could buy them without the sulphur ends directly from the Ohio Blue Tip Company.