Student A:Passage: Bastille (stylised as BΔSTILLE) are a British rock band formed in 2010. The group began as a solo project by lead vocalist Dan Smith, but later expanded to include keyboardist Kyle Simmons, bassist and guitarist Will Farquarson, and drummer Chris Wood. The name of the band derives from Bastille Day, which is celebrated on 14 July, the date of Smith's birthday.

Question: Based on this passage, where did the band bastille get their name?
Student B:OK... The relevant information is: The name of the band derives from Bastille Day, which is celebrated on 14 July, the date of Smith's birthday.
from Bastille Day , which is celebrated on 14 July , the date of Smith 's birthday.

Problem:Context: On June 15, 2016, Zac Efron began negotiations to star in the film, and in July 2016, Michelle Williams was cast. The film was choreographed by Ashley Wallen.

Question: who did the choreography for the movie the greatest showman?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: The film was choreographed by Ashley Wallen.
Ashley Wallen.

Student A:Kristin Landen Davis (also listed as Kristin Lee Davis; born February 23, 1965) is an American actress. She is known for playing Brooke Armstrong on the soap opera Melrose Place (1995 -- 1996), and Charlotte York Goldenblatt on HBO's Sex and the City (1998 -- 2004). She received a 2004 Emmy Award nomination for her role as Charlotte, and reprised the role in the films Sex and the City (2008) and Sex and the City 2 (2010).

Based on this passage, who plays charlotte on sex and the city?
Student B:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: She is known for playing Brooke Armstrong on the soap opera Melrose Place (1995 -- 1996), and Charlotte York Goldenblatt on HBO's Sex and the City (1998 -- 2004).
Kristin Landen Davis.

Problem:The program is taped at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City and airs live to tape in most U.S. markets at 11: 35 p.m. Eastern and Pacific, and 10: 35 in the Central.

Based on this passage, where is late night with stephen colbert filmed?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: The program is taped at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City and airs live to tape in most U.S. markets at 11: 35 p.m. Eastern and Pacific, and 10: 35 in the Central.
the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City.

Student A:The Practice of the Presence of God is a book of collected teachings of Brother Lawrence (born Nicholas Herman), a 17th-century Carmelite monk, compiled by Father Joseph de Beaufort. The compilation includes letters, as well as records of his conversations kept by Brother Lawrence's interlocutors. The basic theme of the book is the development of an awareness of the presence of God.

Who wrote the practice of the presence of god?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The Practice of the Presence of God is a book of collected teachings of Brother Lawrence (born Nicholas Herman), a 17th-century Carmelite monk, compiled by Father Joseph de Beaufort.
Brother Lawrence ( born Nicholas Herman ) , a 17th - century Carmelite monk.

Student A:Context: Skin of my teeth (Hebrew: ע֣וֹר שִׁנָּֽי ‎' ō-wr šin-nāy) is a phrase from the Bible. In Job 19: 20, the King James Version of the Bible says, "My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth." In the Geneva Bible, the phrase is rendered as "I have escaped with the skinne of my tethe."

Question: where did by the skin of my teeth come from?
Student B: