Parents of Brit found in Spain SIX years after disappearing tell of joy at having him home
MATTHEW Green, 31, was found at a mental health unit in Spain after vanishing from home in 2010

THE parents of a man who was found in Spain six years after he disappeared have told of their joy at having him home.

Matthew Green, 31, disappeared from his home in Sittingbourne, Kent home in 2010 after telling his parents he was going to Mile End in London.

SWNS - Bristol +44 (0)1179066550

SWNS - Bristol +44 (0)1179066550

The then 26-year-old never returned, leaving his heartbroken parents wrought with worry.

Incredibly Pauline and Jim Green received a call in May to say their son had been found in Spain and was being treated at a mental health hospital.

After an incredible outpour of support that saw thousands raised on GoFundMe to help the parents bring their son home, Matt is now back in the UK and being cared for in a special facility.

Both parents flew out to Spain to see their son after more than half-a-decade apart before he was brought back to England.

A tearful Pauline told This Morning: “He was walking towards us and I knew straight away it was Matt.”

She said her son is still “very, very poorly” and faces a long road ahead but added: “There’s a light at the end of the tunnel.”

Emotional Pauline told Holly Willougby and Phillip Scholfield the parents were advised to give Matthew space when he arrived back in the UK to let him adjust to the new situation.

Pauline said: “He arrived on Wednesday and I phoned the hospital on Thursday to see if he was settling in and ask if they had started treatment.”

The concerned mum was told they hadn’t started treatment yet as Matthew’s notes were all in Spanish, but this has now been sorted.

She went on: “On the Friday I was pottering around when the house phone went, I answered and he just said ‘hello mum, it’s Matt’.

“For six years all I’ve wanted was to hear his voice, to see him and it was just as if he had nipped down the road, or had just gone to the shops or something.

“He was just phoning home. It was really, really strange – but lovely.”

Matthew is currently placed under a section two, which lasts 28 days and gives him a chance to appeal the section if he wants.

If a judge or panel decides he is okay, Matthew could be let out – but it is more likely the section two will be extended to a section two, which can last up to six months.

Pauline said: “I know it sounds awful as we’re his mum and dad and we’d like him home obviously, but in the long-term he’s not well enough so six months is great.

“I want them to keep him so I know where he is and that he’s safe and can have whatever treatment he needs.”

Jim added: “I feel happy, elated we found him. I would like to thank the local community and all the people who have supported us for the money that was raised through GoFundMe, which went towards helping Matt get back home.

“People have always said ‘if there’s anything we can do to help’, and I feel they have. It’s so wonderful, we’ve had this following with these people.”

Pauline added: “I’ve finally been able to go to bed and sleep, I can have a full night now and it’s such a weight that’s been lifted.

“He’s safe and getting the treatment he wants.”

Jim added: “We know there are lots of people in the same situation as us and we’d say don’t give up, just keep going.”

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
What was this article about?