The 1980s classic is being sold for a limited time in Canada and the U.S. It hit UK menu in 2002 as part. of McChoice range but was later removed. It has a cult following from which springs the McRib locator map and a Facebook page calling for it to be permanently reinstated. By. Jessica Jerreat. PUBLISHED:. 00:43 EST, 13 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 09:57 EST, 13 November 2013. Just weeks after it was reintroduced to the U.S. menu at McDonald's, raw footage of the McRib has been circulating on the internet. A picture of the frozen, ribbed pork patties before they were covered in barbecue sauce and served up with pickles and onions was posted online by an anonymous worker. The photo quickly went viral, with fans of the classic 1980s menu option divided over whether it would ruin their appetite. Raw: This photo of frozen McRibs before the sauce, pickles and onion are added, has gone viral. Taste: The pork and barbecue sauce sandwich looks more appetizing after it has been cooked. A feeding frenzy of comments began moments after the photo, believed to have been taken in Canada, was posted on Reddit, according to the Huffington Post. It was 'upvoted' more than 10,000 times but while some made jokes about the ribbed offering, other commentators were more bothered by the restaurant worker touching the food with bare hands. For diehard fans of the rarely available menu option, being sold for a limited time in Canada and the U.S, seeing a frozen McRib failed to ruin their appetite. One fan said: 'Honestly, it looks better than I would have expected. Pretty good production standards,' according to Metro.com. It hit the UK menu in 2002 as part. of the McChoice range but was later removed and, according to McDonalds,. is unlikely to return any time soon. The McRib has become something of a legend for its on-and-off appearances on McDonald's menus. Classic: The 1980s menu option is being offered for a limited time at McDonalds restaurants. The fleeting nature of the sandwich has generated a cult-like following and a Facebook group that petitions for its reinstatement. Strangely, a McRib was spotted today in Belfast, according to the McRib locator, an unofficial site and Twitter feed that invites fans to send in pictures of their McRibs and where exactly they enjoyed it. Customers get more meat for their money because there are no ribs in the McRib, according to the restaurant website. A consumer report, quoted by Metro, pointed out that although there are no bones in the 'meat logs' there are about 70 other ingredients. The fleeting nature of the sandwich has generated a cult-like following and a Facebook group (pictured) that petitions for its reinstatement across UK restaurant outlets. 'The greatest amount of them come from ground-up low-value pork trimmings mixed together with salt and water,' the 2011 study found. Responses to the raw McRib flooded Twitter, with commentators such as Olie Olie tweeting: 'Frozen McRib photo will make you question everything in life.' Another tweet, by Tim, added: 'If you remove the bun, onions, pickles and barbecue sauce from a McRib sandwich you will see what was in the briefcase in Pulp Fiction.' Salon tweeted: 'If the 24 grams of fat aren't enough to turn you off, this photo of alleged "raw McRib" meat should do it.' But on the Facebook McRib Locator Page, fans of the porky treat share information on which McDonald's branches are selling it, and boast about the number they have eaten since it was reintroduced.
What are the important parts of this article?