My two stars come from the food quality. I like the food. HOWEVER...  Their service SUCKS! We came here expecting a nice lunch after attending my bff's daughters dance recital. When we walked in there was no one in the place, cool. I had to  use to restroom before we were even sat so I quickly ran off to the restroom, when I entered I almost busted my ass from slipping on the large puddle of random water sitting in the middle of the floor (no the toilet or sink wasnt leaking nor was there a mop bucket in there). Despite the puddle of water on the floor the restroom was clean. The over all cleanliness of the facility was clean.   It was a Saturday afternoon (during lunch time hours according to their menu instructions) and we chose to get the AYCE for lunch. The waitress notified us that during the weekends they only observe the AYCE dinner pricing, AYCE lunch pricing was for during the week only. Okay, fine. Next she asked how old the child with us was, we told her she was 7, so she said that the child would only be half price. Cool! BONUS! Why a bonus? Because this child eats like an adult.   Our initial food came out quickly. YUM! So being that there was a total of 4 bodies at the table, hungry bodies at that, you would think that we would be monitored by our waitress or wait staff to see when we were out of meat and veggies, but no we weren't. If we got more food it was because we had to flagg them down. Then when they would bring it out it would sit on the table holding the warm tee crap that was across from us. When it finally arrived at the table they would throw it on and turn the heat down. WTF? WE ARE HUNGRY! Why would you turn the heat down? It was cooking to slow. So every time I would make my cousin turn the heat up some staff member would come by and turn it down. WTF? Is this the way that they keep you there longer but not serve you AYCE because theres a time limit? I also had to ask twice for a drink. I was willing to let all this shitty service fly right over my head because the food was good, and never mind it until the bill arrived....  1. We were told that the child would be half price. They charged us full price. I took my bill up to the front counter and notified the kid up there it was wrong and what it should be. After fumbling with the calculator trying to prove they had charged me 3 full price and 1 half price, he finally realized I was right and then proceeded to blame the cash register being incorrect because they just installed a new system. Whatever. I was able to figure out our total bill including tax on my phone before he was able to fix it in the system.  2. After he fixed the bill and handed it back to me I noticed that the sales tax rate was at 8.15% which I am pretty sure that the current tax rate in Clark County, Nevada is at 8.10%. After seeing this I decided that they could use the extra few cents they got from me on charging the wrong tax, as their tip. I didn't even bother asking him to fix this.  Ya know I am a good tipper, a really good tipper when I get excellent service especially. I know what its like to be a household that relies on income that is generated from tips. And this place just flat out pisses me off (like you couldn't already tell).  I will never return to this place. Dry the bathroom floor, fix your cash register, correct your tax rate and pay better attention to your customers! Get your shit together Honey Pig before another Korean BBQ spot turns turns you into BACON!
How would this review be described in terms of sentiment?