Article: While Sharepod doesn't directly interface with iTunes to move songs from your iPod to your computer, it does require iTunes to be installed and capable of sharing XML:  Open iTunes. Click either Edit (Windows) or iTunes (Mac) in the upper-left corner of iTunes. Click Preferences...  Click the Advanced tab. Check the "Share iTunes XML with other locations" box. Click OK Go to https://www.getsharepod.com/download/ in your computer's web browser. Sharepod is a free program for Windows and Mac that will allow you to transfer songs from your iPod directly onto your computer. You can use Sharepod with both modern iPods (such as the iPod Touch) and classic iPods. Click either Download for Windows or Download for Mac near the top of the page. The Sharepod setup file will download onto your computer. This process will vary slightly depending on your computer:   Windows — Double-click the Sharepod installation file, then follow the on-screen installation prompts. Sharepod may ask to install QuickTime for you; if so, accept the installation.  Mac — Double-click the Sharepod DMG file, click and drag the Sharepod logo onto the "Applications" folder icon, and follow any on-screen installation prompts. You may need to make an exception for Sharepod in your Mac's security settings. If you're using a non-Touch model of iPod, you'll need to enable your iPod's Disk Mode feature in order for your computer to recognize it. The process for enabling Disk Mode varies depending on the iPod:   iPod Nano 6th or 7th Generation — Press the Sleep/Wake and either Home (7th generation) or Volume Down (6th generation) buttons at the same time until the Apple logo appears, then hold down the Volume Down and Volume Up buttons until the Disk Mode screen appears.  iPod with a Click Wheel —  Switch Hold on and off, press and hold Menu and Select until the Apple logo appears, release the buttons, and hold down Select and Play until the Disk Mode screen appears.  iPod with a Touch/Scroll Wheel — Switch Hold on and off, press and hold Play and Menu until the Apple logo appears, release the buttons, and press and hold Previous and Next until the Disk Mode screen appears.  iPod Classic — Disk Mode is neither supported nor needed when connecting a classic iPod to your computer. Plug one end of your iPod's charger cable into one of your computer's USB ports, then plug the other end of the cable into your iPod. You may need a USB 3.0 to USB-C adapter for your Mac if your Mac doesn't have any traditional USB ports. Once Sharepod is installed, double-click its app icon. Sharepod may open automatically at the end of the installation process. This will take you to the main Sharepod window. At this point, iTunes will re-open if you closed it earlier. You'll need to allow it to run in the background while you use Sharepod. Hold down Ctrl (Windows) or ⌘ Command (Mac) while you click each song that you want to select. If you want to transfer all of your iPod's music onto your computer, skip to the next step's substep. Once your music is selected, click TRANSFER in the bottom-right corner of the window, click Transfer selected to a folder, select a folder on your computer, and click OK. If you want to transfer all of your iPod's music onto your computer, click TRANSFER, then click Transfer everything to a folder... in the drop-down menu. It's a green button in the bottom-right corner of the screen. Doing so will move your selected music into your preferred folder on your computer.
What is a summary of what this article is about?