Write highlights for this article:

Preparing for Christmas is a mammoth task for everyone, but for grandmother Sylvia Pope getting ready for the big day requires three months of hard work. The bauble-loving pensioner is forced to start hanging her decorations in September to make sure they are all up by Christmas Day because it takes so long to attach each one to her ceiling by hand. The 72-year-old spends a few hours each day creating the festive masterpiece, that will this year contain a staggering 2061 balls - 10 more than last year. Bauble-loving grandmother Sylvia Pope, 72, started putting the Christmas decorations up at her home in Swansea, South Wales, in September. Mrs Pope  spends a few hours each day  perfecting the colourful creation to ensure that it is complete by December 25. 'I absolutely love Christmas and my grandchildren's faces light up when they see all the baubles. It really is magical for them and that is all that really matters,' said the 72-year-old. The living room at her home in Swansea, South Wales, is plastered with baubles from around the world. She says: 'This year I've bought 10 new baubles and my new addition include Mary Poppins, Captain Hook and Peter Pan. I already had Tinkerbell. My grandchildren love the films those characters are in. 'My favourite Christmas film is Miracle on 34th Street, but I haven't managed to find a bauble for that film yet.' She started collecting them in 1999 and has ones from around the world. Once Christmas is finished Mrs Pope carefully removes each bauble from the ceiling, individually wraps them and stores them in 36 boxes in her attic. She then has the 2,000 holes in her ceiling filled in, before re-painting it, so that it is ready in time to start again for next year. She started collecting the baubles in 1999 and now has a massive collection of 2061 festive balls from across the globe. Once Christmas is over the 2061 festive balls will be carefully taken down, individually wrapped, and stored in 36 boxes in the grandmother's attic. Mrs Pope said that she may be forced to have her ceiling re-skimmed after Christmas this year to fill in all the holes created by her decorations. This year Mrs Pope has added 10 new additions to her display, including baubles featuring Mary Poppins, Captain Hook and Peter Pan. After the festivities this year the grandmother thinks that she may have to have her ceiling re-skimmed by a professional plasterer. 'Some people think it is over the top and tacky but when they see it for real its completely different. Most people love them and think they look fabulous'. Mrs Pope's collection also includes Disney characters, a London red bus, a New York taxi, aeroplanes, an old fashioned telephone and helicopters. She said: 'I normally spend about £100 a year on new baubles and visit all the festive markets to find new ones. This year I have spent about £80 so far but I haven't finished yet. 'When I go to the markets I normally find one I want to buy. I never get bored of buying new baubles.' 'My grandchildren and play 'I Spy' with the different baubles. We have great fun. 'Who knows maybe I could make the Guinness Book of Records one day.' Mrs Pope said: 'I normally spend about £100 a year on new baubles and visit all the festive markets to find new ones' The 72-year-old explained that she 'absolutely loves Christmas' and her 'grandchildren's faces light up when they see all the baubles' She said her grandchildren enjoyed playing 'I Spy,' in a bid to spot all  the different baubles.

Highlights: