By. Louise Boyle. PUBLISHED:. 17:41 EST, 16 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 17:58 EST, 16 January 2013. A son testified against his mother on Monday as she stood trial for the murder of his father who was shot dead at his home. Donna Horwitz, 66, has been charged with first-degree murder after she allegedly shot dead millionaire businessman and ex-husband Lanny Horwitz at the luxury home they once shared. The couple's son Radley Horwitz told the court in Palm Beach, Florida that he awoke at the house when he heard nine shots ring out and his mother screaming. Scroll down for video. Accused: Donna Horwitz, 66, in court this week in Palm Beach, Florida after she allegedly shot dead her estranged husband at their lavish home in 2011. Witness: Radley Horwitz gave evidence against his mother at her murder trial over the fatal shooting of his father Lanny. Mr Horwitz Jr, 38, found his father dying on the bathroom floor in a pool of blood and his mother near to the victim's naked body. An autopsy later revealed Mr Horwitz senior had multiple gunshot wounds to the torso and arms along with one shot fired directly in his mouth. Radley told the court on Monday: 'She [Donna] was screaming my name and she might have said ''your father, your father'' or something like that.' He added: 'He made this godawful, inhuman gurgling sound.' The Horwitzs, who had married twice and recently separated again, were reportedly having a furious row on the morning of September 30, 2011 at their home in the exclusive Admiral's Cove district of  Jupiter. Lanny, a 66-year-old real estate attorney, had reportedly been packing for a weekend with a woman who was believed to be a girlfriend when he was killed. Slain: The body of Lanny Horwitz was found with nine gunshot wounds in the bathroom at his home in Admiral's Cove, Florida. According to WPBF, Radley said his father was 'sarcastic and belittling' and that his mother was deeply affected by how her treated her. It was also revealed at the trial, which began last Friday, that Radley harbored ill feelings towards his father and once owned a book on how to hire a hitman. Radley Horwitz and his father Lanny's financial affairs were in ruins at the time of the murder, the court heard and Radley stood to benefit from a $500,000 life insurance policy his father had taken out. He has denied killing his father. The defense have alleged that the 66-year-old businessman was shot either by his son or an unknown intruder. Bitter battle: Donna Horwitz had married her husband Lanny twice and the couple were separating for the second time when he was shot dead at his Florida home. Mrs Horwitz's attorney Grey Tesh said at the opening of the trial that DNA from a speck of blood was found on a gate outside the home which did not match the accused. As the prosecution brought in final witnesses today, a police detective told the jury that Mrs Horwitz had hoped for a reconciliation with her husband and was in complete despair that he seemed to be leaving her for someone else. Detective Eric Frank read from Mrs Horwitz's journal, where she wrote: 'My heart is broken and he is working on my mind, playing games with me' according to the Palm Beach Post. The jury is expected to hear closing arguments tomorrow morning. Crime scene: The Horwitzs' luxury home in Admiral's Cove, Jupiter where 66-year-old Lanny was found murdered in September 2011. Wealth and privilege: The Horwitzs lived in the upmarket area of Admiral's Cove in Jupiter, Florida.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: