Please answer the following question: Information:  - Kentucky, officially the Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a state located in the east south-central region of the United States. Kentucky is one of four U.S. states constituted as a commonwealth (the others being Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts). Originally a part of Virginia, in 1792 Kentucky became the 15th state to join the Union. Kentucky is the 37th most extensive and the 26th most populous of the 50 United States.  - Versailles is a city in Woodford County, Kentucky, United States and is located near Lexington. It is part of the Lexington-Fayette Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 8,568 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Woodford County. The city's name is pronounced , not like the French city of the same name.  - Paul Edward Patton (born May 26, 1937) is an American politician. He was the 59th Governor of Kentucky, serving from 1995 to 2003. Because of a 1992 amendment to the Kentucky Constitution, he was the first governor eligible to succeed himself in office since James Garrard in 1800. Since 2013, he has been the chancellor of the University of Pikeville in Pikeville, Kentucky after serving as its president from 2010 to 2013. He also served as chairman of the Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education from 2009 to 2011.  - Headquartered in Versailles, Kentucky, the Kentucky Community and Technical College System (KCTCS) comprises 16 colleges with over 70 campuses. Programs offered include associate degrees, pre-baccalaureate education to transfer to a public 4-year institution; adult education, continuing and developmental education; customized training for business and industry; and distance learning. KCTCS was founded as part of the Postsecondary Improvement Act of 1997 (House Bill 1), signed by former Kentucky Governor Paul E. Patton, to create a new institution to replace the University of Kentucky's Community College System and the Kentucky Department of Education's network of technical schools. The Kentucky Fire Commission, a separate state entity responsible for training emergency responders, also became part of KCTCS at that time.  - Gateway Community and Technical College ( GCTC ) is one of 16 two - year , open - admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System ( KCTCS ) . GCTC enrolls nearly 3,500 students . The college provides transfer and career education and training and offers more than 200 associate degrees , diplomas and certificates in 30 subject areas . Classes are provided at GCTC locations in Boone County , Covington / Park Hills , and Edgewood . Through partnerships with more than 400 local businesses , GCTC provides customized , short - term training to more than 3,000 other people . Gateway Community and Technical College ( GCTC ) is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award associate degrees . Gateway is also accredited by the Council on Occupational Education .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'gateway community and technical college' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1937  - area  - bill  - city  - college  - community  - constitution  - council  - county  - county seat  - department  - distance  - education  - fire  - four  - governor  - industry  - institution  - may  - metropolitan  - population  - public  - region  - state  - university  - virginia  - year
A: