My boyfriend and I came here with a reservation on a Friday night around 6:30.  We were seated right away in the dark downstairs dining room, where the walls are lined with wood, and the wood is lined with wine bottles.  Our seating was comfortable, and not too close to the table next to us (relief).  The restaurant didn't seem incredibly busy - comfortably populated, but a few empty tables scattered around.  You might not even need a reservation.  Our server was very casual, in his dress and demeanor (jeans and black button downs seem to be the uniform).  His interactions with us were a little lax, a little moreso than I expected, given that it's a somewhat pricey joint, but he was knowledgeable and happy to give recommendations, which is always appreciated.  The menu changes daily, so there are no specials.  Everything is a special, in that sense.  The wine list, printed on the back, was absolutely delightful since almost every bottle can be ordered in a taster portion, a half glass, a full glass, or a bottle.  Lovely!  I ordered three tasters throughout the evening, and it was such a fun experience.  We drank white with our appetizers, red for dinner, and sparkling for dessert.  I was never too drunk or too full of wine, the price was great, the taster portions were more generous than I expected, and I got to try five kinds of wine.  Hard to beat.  We had a Montravel from Spain, which my boyfriend loved, and their Riesling, which I loved.  Both wines were flavorful and unique, and it was a truly great experience to have excellent wine again, compared to our usual bottles purchased cheaply from the store.  Our appetizers were the Mac and Cheese (goat cheese, local sausage, and a fried egg in the dish), and the Stuffed Poblano Peppers.  The Mac 'n' Cheese was good, creamy but not too heavy, and the pasta was orzo which was fun.  But the Peppers  - just to die for.  To.  Die.  They had been roasted, it seems, or grilled, and were filled with the most flavorful housemade pork sausage.  We were both bowled over.  If this is on the menu, don't miss it.  Their sausage is the real deal.  Next we got two tasters of red, the Cotes-du-Rhone and something else....also very uniquely flavored and rich wines.  Our entrees were the Suckling Pig and the Hanger Steak.  The steak was my favorite - cooked to a delightful medium rare and served with roasted potatoes and rutabegas, it was simple and unpretentious.  Great beef flavor, nothing too intrusive or unusual.  Just high quality food.  The pig was good as well - the texture was divine, soft and reminiscent of pulled pork only better.  The sweet potato mash alongside was great.  My only complaint was the sauce was, in my opinion, too salty.  Anything it touched became too salty, and the sweet potato mash was needed to cut through that sodium taste.  I think it bothered me more than it bothered my boyfriend.  We absolutely finished both plates, practically licking them clean, but I'd watch out for that sauce if you're sensitive to salt.  For dessert I had a glass of moscato, sweet and lovely, and we split the "peanut butter ice cream sandwich" which seemed more like a peanut butter pie, but who's complaining?  It was very good and a great end to the meal.  All this for about $75.  The way they price their wines makes all the difference, and a great meal instantly becomes much more affordable than you'd expect.  I'd recommend Toast! to anyone, especially wine lovers.  It was such a treat, and didn't break the bank.
Is this review positive or negative?