Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Alexandra Klausner. PUBLISHED:. 16:38 EST, 10 March 2014. |. UPDATED:. 17:28 EST, 10 March 2014. Three women from Maine were out at the Bruins game on Thursday to have a knockout belated birthday celebration for one of them. Unfortunately that same pal was 'knocked out cold' and must now see a neurologist. Sabina Grasso turned 21 a few days before Anna McDonough and Caitlyn Brown attended the Boston Bruins game. The girls were taking photographs near the ice when the metal pole used to hold up the protective netting fell and struck both Grasso and McDonough in the head. Grasso was knocked unconscious, McDonough was hit, and Brown was not injured. Soon after a spokesman for the arena issued a statement insisting the injuries were just 'minor'. But is has since emerged that may not be the case. The Press Herald reports that Grasso is scheduled to see a neurologist in Portland this week but that she is severely struggling. Sabina Grasso, Anna McDonough, an Caitlyn Brown are pictured here at the Bruins game before a giant pole hit both Sabina and Anna in the head. Sabina (right) was celebrating her 21st birthday when she was injured so badly that she needed to be rushed to the hospital. Anna and Sabina are seen here as they run from the dangling net and pole at Thursday night's Bruins game. Sabina (left) suffered a major blow to the head and must visit a neurologist. Bloodied: Sabrina is seen here with here looking quite injured after a pole hit her in the head. 'Sabina was knocked out cold,' said her mother, Terri Grasso. 'She suffered a severe blow to the head.' Grasso. is a student at Endicott College in Boston. The three ladies became. friends at Emmanuel College in Boston where they were all freshman. together but now attend different New England Schools. McDonough and Grasso both returned to their parents homes in Scarborough where they are recovering from trauma. McDonough's. father, Brian McDonough, is outraged by the incident and said that the arena is downplaying the girls injuries by calling them 'minor' when. they are anything but. 'These. were not minor injuries. These women are lucky to be alive,' McDonough. said in a telephone interview with the Press Herald on Sunday. 'The. photographs (online) speak for themselves.' The friend of the injured girls, Caitlyn Brown, is still traumatized by what happened to her two friends. 'I’m. doing OK, but it was really scary. You never think about something. falling from the sky and knocking out your best friend,' she said. Ironically. enough the safety net was installed in 2002 to prevent specatators from. stary pucks after a 13-year-old girl from Columbus, Ohio was fatally. struck by one. Now it's the net fans need protecting from. Caitlyn Brown, who was not hurt, had to watch both her friends get injured on Thursday night after the game. Dazed: The injured woman is aided after a metal pole holding up protective netting behind one of the goals fell. Being tended to: The two women were taken away by ambulance as blood streamed down their faces from their injuries. Anna McDonough was also hit in the head by the pole that mysteriously tumbled down. An EMT checked the pulse of Anna McDonough after she was injured. Carried away: Emergency workers remove Sabina Grasso from the arena on a stretcher for precaution - officials later said her injuries were minor. Anna McDonough was also hit in the head by the pole that mysteriously tumbled down but she was not as badly injured as Sabina Grasso.