Q:Information:  - The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth's oceanic divisions. It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean (or, depending on definition, to Antarctica) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east.  - Polynesia ( from "poly" "many" + "nsos" "island") is a subregion of Oceania, made up of over 1,000 islands scattered over the central and southern Pacific Ocean. The indigenous people who inhabit the islands of Polynesia are termed Polynesians and they share many similar traits including language family, culture, and beliefs. Historically, they were experienced sailors and used stars to navigate during the night.  - Waders are birds commonly found along shorelines and mudflats that wade in order to forage for food (such as insects or crustaceans) in the mud or sand. They are called shorebirds in North America (where "wader" is used to refer to long-legged wading birds such as storks and herons). Waders are members of the order Charadriiformes, which includes gulls, auks and their allies.  - The Society Islands includes a group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean. It is, politically and legally, part of French Polynesia. The archipelago is believed to have been named by Captain James Cook during his first voyage in 1769, supposedly in honour of the Royal Society, the sponsor of the first British scientific survey of the islands; however, Cook, himself, stated in his journal that he called the islands "Society" "as they lay contiguous to one another."  - French Polynesia  is an overseas collectivity of the French Republic; " (COM)", sometimes unofficially referred to as an overseas country; " (POM)". It is composed of 118 geographically dispersed islands and atolls stretching over an expanse of more than in the South Pacific Ocean. Its total land area is .  - The Tahiti sandpiper or Tahitian sandpiper ( Prosobonia leucoptera ) is an extinct member of the large wader family Scolopacidae that was endemic to Tahiti in French Polynesia . It was discovered in 1773 during Captain Cook 's second voyage , when a single specimen seems to have been collected , but it became extinct in the nineteenth century . Only one museum specimen is known to exist , held in the Aves collection of Naturalis Biodiversity Center . The bird 's name in the Tahitian language was transcribed as torom .  - Tahiti is the largest island in the Windward group of French Polynesia; this overseas collectivity of the French Republic is sometimes referred to as an overseas country. The island is located in the archipelago of the Society Islands in the central Southern Pacific Ocean, and is divided into two parts: The bigger, northwestern part "Tahiti Nui" and the smaller, southeastern part "Tahiti Iti". The island was formed from volcanic activity and is high and mountainous with surrounding coral reefs. The population is 183,645 inhabitants (2012 census), making it the most populous island of French Polynesia and accounting for 68.5 percent of its total population.  - North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere. It can also be considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'endemic to' with 'society islands'.
A: