Article:
Former Republican presidential candidate Michele Bachmann said on Sunday that the voters -- not politicians -- will decide when the Republican nominating process should end. 
  
 "This is the people's race and it is the primary voters who are going to make their decision," the Minnesota congresswoman said on ABC's "This Week." "I think the quicker that the Republicans can unify behind our candidate and make Barack Obama and his failed policies the focus of this election the better off we all will be, but the people need to decide." 
  
 Bachmann said she would back whoever the Republican nominee will be. 
  
 "It is up to the people," she said. "The people will make the choice, not the politicians." 
  
 Read more about: Mitt Romney, Michele Bachmann ||||| House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) said Sunday that Republican Mitt Romney has yet to wrap up the presidential nomination, but "he is clearly on his way." 
  
 Ryan acknowledged having a parochial interest in seeing the campaign go on a little longer: Wisconsin Republicans will get their say when the state holds its primary April 3. 
  
 "We are pretty relevant in Wisconsin," Ryan said. "I don’t know if I’d say he has it wrapped up. He is clearly on his way. I think he is becoming the prohibitive front runner. I think the sooner we coalesce around a nominee, the better off we are going to be. The prize is November, not this summer." 
  
 He declined to say that Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich should step aside. 
  
 "I’m not going to get into telling these guys what to do," Ryan said. 
  
 Read more about: Mitt Romney, Paul Ryan ||||| House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) said Sunday that he'd consider running on the Republican ticket as the vice presidential nominee but is not focused on it. 
  
 "I would have to consider it, but it’s not something I’m even thinking about right now," Paul said on "Fox News Sunday." 
  
 Ryan has often been mentioned a possible vice presidential candidate, given his record in Congress as a budget expert. 
  
 "Who knows about that," Ryan said when pressed by Fox host Chris Wallace on the VP chatter. "I just don’t know the answer to your question, Chris. It’s not a bridge I’ve even come even close to crossing. It is a decision somebody else makes a long time from now. I’m focused on doing my job in Congress." 
  
 Read more about: Paul Ryan ||||| South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said on Sunday that Mitt Romney has effectively locked up the GOP presidential nomination, arguing it's now time for the party to begin looking toward the fall election. 
  
 "I think the primary is over. Romney will be the nominee," Graham said on CNN's "State of the Union." "The fat lady hasn't sung yet. But she's warming up." 
  
 Graham, a Republican who's unaligned in the nomination fight, also predicted that Romney would avoid a floor fight. 
  
 "He'll get to 1,144 [delegates]," the senator said. "The last thing I want is a brokered convention." 
  
 Read more about: Lindsey Graham, Mitt Romney ||||| Former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour said on Sunday that Republican Mitt Romney will likely be the party's presidential nominee, but it's up to voters to decide when the primary campaign should end. 
  
 "I'm not one of those that think you should say to people you've got to get out," Barbour said on NBC's "Meet the Press." "This will wind down. ... Unless Romney steps on a land mine, it looks like he will be the nominee." 
  
 Read more about: Mitt Romney, Haley Barbour |||||Summary: