Summarize this article:

In August of 2014, the Archive-It team put out a call for URLs related to the August 9th shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO. Soon after we were joined by Archive-It partner Washington University in St. Louis, MO who contributed lists of URLs and solicited URLs from communities in and around Ferguson. Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities contributed a significant number of URLs extracted from tweets about Michael Brown and Ferguson. In December we expanded the collection to include content related to the July 17th chokehold death of Eric Garner in Staten Island, NY, and the reactions around the country to the acquittal of the police officers in both cases. The collection then progressed further to reflect the movement building in reaction to police violence against people of color. Today the #blacklivesmatter Web Archive contains news articles, blogs, social media, and other websites related to Ferguson, Michael Brown, Eric Garner, protests and demonstrations around the country, and seeks to document the movement as it grows and evolves. Note: Many of these sites contain videos, some of which may not play back in the page. To view archived videos click on the Videos link in the yellow banner at the top of the archived web page. ||||| Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| Baltimore Police say they have received a "credible threat" that rival gangs have teamed up to "take out" law enforcement officers. 
  
 Police said in a statement that they have received information that members of "various gangs" — including the Black Guerrilla Family, the Bloods and the Crips — have "entered into a partnership" to harm police. 
  
 "Law enforcement agencies should take appropriate precautions to ensure the safety of their officers," police said. 
  
 Capt. Eric Kowalczyk, the agency's chief spokesman, said he could not immediately elaborate on how the information was received or why police found it credible. He would not say whether it was believed connected to the ongoing demonstrations regarding the death of Freddie Gray. 
  
 In December, the Baltimore FBI office issued a memo that the Black Guerrilla Family gang was targeting "white cops" in Maryland, an agency spokeswoman confirmed. 
  
 The memo, circulating among officers, said a contact who had given reliable information in the past said members of the gang — connected to the high-profile corruption scandal at the Baltimore City Detention Center — were planning to target white officers to "send a message." 
  
 And in January, police were on heightened alert after a man brought a gun into the Northeastern District police station with a handgun and said it was part of a "security test" ordered by the BGF. ||||| Governor Larry Hogan Signs Executive Order Declaring State Of Emergency, Activating National Guard 
  
 ANNAPOLIS, MD – Governor Larry Hogan today, at the request of Baltimore City, has signed an Executive Order declaring a state of emergency and activating the National Guard to address the growing violence and unrest in Baltimore City. 
  
 The governor, along with Lt. Governor Boyd Rutherford and National Guard Adjutant General Linda Singh, will hold a press conference at the Maryland Emergency Management Agency this evening at 8:30 PM. 
  
 View the Executive Order here. |||||

Summary: