If you've ever dreamed of a fairytale tree house, complete with twinkling lights and romantic bridges, it probably looks a lot like this. The Buckland retreat, nestled in pristine woodland in the heart of Atlanta, has now been listed on AirBnB, and it even comes with wifi! Set amid the branches of a 150-year-old Southern Short-Leaf Pine tree, the enchanting tree house is the handywork of creative couple Peter and Katie Bahouth, and consists of three separate rooms that are connected by rope bridges strewn with fairy lights. If you go down to the woods today, you're sure of a big surprise... This stunning tree house is nestled amid lush woodland in Atlanta. Peter and Katie Bahouth bought the land in 2000 and spent six months designing and building the fairytale retreat, which they now rent out. Former Greenpeace executive director Mr Bahouth, bought the pretty woodland spot in 2000, and spent the next six months designing and building the perfect forest hideaway. The cosy living room is decked out with a masterful blend of beautiful antiques and up-cycled furniture, including a chandelier to add a touch a glamour to scheme, and an 80-year-old butterfly window. And just in case you feel like entertaining, there is even an indoor dining area with room to comfortably seat six people. Floor-to-ceiling windows flood the interior with natural light, while pretty fairy lights and swishy curtains add a dash of romance to the scheme. The rustic living room has been decked out with shabby chic furniture, while colourful accessories add warmth to the cosy scheme. Over in the bedroom, you'll be able to enjoy nature without leaving the comfort of your bed, as it can be pushed out onto a platform overlooking a local stream. You don't even have to worry about catching a chill  - the  organic linen bedding has been teamed with a heated mattress pad to keep you toasty all night long. The tree house consists of three separate rooms which can be reached via rope bridges strewn with fairy lights to light the way. Outside, a generous decking area seats up to 10 people and comes complete with a hammock for day-time dreaming or star-spotting at night. But if you do get the urge to leave the confines of the tee house, the Bahouth's have provided a list of local beauty spots to explore. Or, like some guests, you could just order pizza delivered straight to your branch. But enchanting beauty doesn't come cheap. A minimum two night stay at the retreat will set you back £236 per night - but we reckon it's worth it! The couple have even installed wifi in the tree house for those guests who feel the need to stay connected to the outside world. Pretty mirrored furniture and pooling curtains create a sense of romance in the retreat's only bedroom. The luxurious double bed is on wheels and can be pushed out onto the mezzanine for guests who want sleep outdoors. It's no surprise this Peter Pan-style tree house comes with a five-star rating from former guests. One former occupant called Brent said: 'I surprised my wife with a visit for her birthday. The whole visit was like something out of a fairy tale... all lit up in the night. 'I enjoyed the rickety bridge and the feeling that we were on a pirate ship. Every detail is quirky and fun, including a bed that pushes out on a track so you can sleep on a plank under a canopy of trees - unbelievable.' But don't worry, you won't catch a chill. Raw linen bedding has been teamed with a heated mattress to keep guests toasty all night long.
Summarize the highlights of this article.