Summarize this article in one sentence.
For men, tuck a collared dress shirt into a pair of straight-leg or slim-fit slacks. Add a tie that complements the colors of your shirt and pants if the occasion calls for it. For women, dresses and skirts are more formal. Wear a shift dress or a pencil skirt that hits mid-thigh or lower.  Avoid showing too much skin if you’re attending a nicer event like a theater performance or fancy dinner. If you're a woman who wants to wear pants, choose dress slacks that are flattering and hemmed to the right length. A properly fitting dress shirt should have a collar that fits snugly around your neck, sleeves that hit just above your hands, and shoulder seams that line up with the ends of your shoulders. Materials like silk, satin, or velvet are all more formal. Avoid clothing that looks cheap or flimsy, or that has sloppy stitching or frays.  A cashmere sweater paired with wool pants is a good option for men and women. Women might wear a velvet skirt with a blouse or a silk midi dress. Men could wear khakis and a tailored shirt paired with a satin tie. Embellishments like gems, pearls, or ruffles also add visual interest to your outfit. What you wear on top of your outfit is just as important as the outfit itself. After all, it’s what people see first. If it’s cold outside or if you simply want to add a layer, slip on a fitted blazer or sport coat. It looks professional when worn over a flirty dress for women and smartens up a dress shirt for men. Get your blazer or sport coat tailored before wearing it so it fits properly. A blazer that’s too baggy or has sleeves that are too long just looks sloppy. Choose a pair that’s around 3 inches (7.6 cm) high or lower to avoid looking trashy and to protect your feet. There are plenty of styles to pick from like stilettos, platforms, pumps, and kitten heels.  Make sure you can walk in the shoes you choose to wear. Nothing kills an outfit faster than a woman limping around in 6 in (15 cm) stilettos. Your heel height should be based on what you’re wearing, too. A long dress may require a certain heel height so it doesn’t drag on the ground. If you’re wearing a mini dress, choose a lower height. Shiny lace-up derbies pair well with suits for more formal events. Suede bucks or neutral leather Oxfords are still classy but can be worn with trousers or wool pants.  Match your shoes to the color scheme of your outfit. Avoid clashing hues like black with navy or black with brown, for example. If you’re wearing dress shoes, shine them first. Polish your shoes yourself or take them to a shoe repair store or kiosk in the mall to have it done. If you’re going to wear jewelry, stay away from gaudy costume pieces. Instead, opt for elegant accessories like a diamond-studded watch for men or a dainty gold chain with an emerald drop for women. A little goes a long way with quality jewelry so stick to 1 to 2 statement pieces.  Charm bracelets, diamond stud earrings, pretty choker necklaces, and delicate jeweled rings are all chic options. Choose jewelry based on your neckline. For example, a high-collared top calls for bigger earrings and no necklaces whereas a low v-neck looks good with a long pendant. Pick a small handheld purse that matches your shoes or your jewelry. For example, if you’re wearing silver jewelry, take a silver or cool-toned clutch or wristlet. Choose one in a fancier fabric like silk or one that’s beaded and embellished. Stock your clutch with anything you might need like lipstick, extra bobby pins, and your wallet.