Article:

Cop lights (Photo: Conner Jay/The Salinas Californian) 
  
 The body of a missing California woman likely sat in a Walmart parking lot for months before anyone noticed, according to authorities. 
  
 Lauren Moss, 22, was reported missing out of Seaside, Calif., in mid-November, according to Monterey County Sheriff’s Office Cmdr. John Thornburg. 
  
 Her body was found in a parked car in a Walmart parking lot in Salinas, Calif., last week, according to authorities. 
  
 While toxicology results are still pending, it’s believed that the cause of death was likely a suicide. 
  
 Store employees reported that the vehicle had been there for some time, had tinted windows and didn’t appear out of the ordinary, Salinas Police Cmdr. Vincent Maiorana said. Security camera footage of the parking lot showed the car had been parked in the lot since December, according to police, KTLA-TV reported. 
  
 However, as employees began to look into the vehicle on Wednesday afternoon, they realized that there was a body inside and called police around 5 p.m. 
  
 The body was badly decomposed and appeared to have been there for some time, Maiorana has said. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1XkUPar ||||| A young Marina woman's body was in a busy parking lot for three months before anyone noticed something was wrong, investigators said Tuesday. 
  
 Lauren Jessie Moss, 22, was found dead inside her silver Volkswagen Jetta. The car was parked outside a Walmart store in Salinas near East Boronda Road and North Main Street. 
  
 Moss was last seen alive in Seaside on Nov. 13, 2015, the same day that she left a rehab center. 
  
 Someone reported the woman missing to police, and Seaside police opened a missing person case. 
  
 On Feb. 3, Moss' body was found by Walmart employees. 
  
 Salinas police said her car had dark-tinted windows, and a sunshade was covering the dashboard, making it difficult to spot someone inside. 
  
 Her cause of death has not been determined by a coroner, Monterey County Sheriff's Cmdr. John Thornburg said. 
  
 Salinas police officers said Moss' death was likely a suicide. 
  
 Her sister told KSBW that she left a suicide note behind for her family, and a drug needle was found in the car. The sister believes that Moss died shortly after injecting herself with drugs. 
  
 A Walmart spokesperson said they do not have personnel patrolling overnight, but they do have 24-hour surveillance cameras. 
  
 When police looked through Walmart's security cameras, the footage only went back until December 2015. Footage from December showed the Jetta in the same parking spot. ||||| Nearly three months after she went missing, a 22-year-old woman’s body was found inside a car parked outside a Wal-Mart in Salinas, according to the Monterey County Sheriff’s Office. 
  
 Wal-Mart employees found the body of Lauren Jessie Moss inside her silver Volkswagen Jetta on Feb. 3., according to television station KSBW in Salinas. 
  
 Moss was last seen leaving a rehabilitation center in nearby Seaside on Nov. 13. She was reported missing and a case was opened. 
  
 Police said the woman’s car had dark tinted windows and a sunshade covering the dashboard, which made it difficult to see inside the vehicle. The store’s security cameras only archive footage for 60 days, but video shows the car parked in the same spot since December. 
  
 The cause of death has not been determined, however the woman’s sister said she left a note and a drug needle was found inside the car. |||||
What is a summary?