Information:  - Tokyo, officially Tokyo Metropolis, is the capital of Japan and one of its 47 prefectures. The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world. It is the seat of the Emperor of Japan and the Japanese government. Tokyo is in the Kant region on the southeastern side of the main island Honshu and includes the Izu Islands and Ogasawara Islands. Formerly known as Edo, it has been the de facto seat of government since 1603 when Shogun Tokugawa Ieyasu made the city his headquarters. It officially became the capital after Emperor Meiji moved his seat to the city from the old capital of Kyoto in 1868; at that time Edo was renamed Tokyo. Tokyo Metropolis was formed in 1943 from the merger of the former and the .  - Etymology. The city's name was historically written as  or  (both read as "Nagoya"). One possible origin is the adjective , meaning 'peaceful'.   - Trade, or commerce, involves the transfer of goods and/or services from one person or entity to another, often in exchange for money. A network that allows trade is called a market.  - Yokohama Pidgin Japanese , Yokohamese or Japanese Ports Lingo was a Japanese - based pidgin spoken in the Yokohama area during the late 19th century for communication between Japanese and foreigners . Most information on Yokohama Pidgin comes from Exercises in the Yokohama Dialect , a humorous pamphlet published in 1879 by Hoffman Atkinson .  - Historically a merchant city, Osaka has also been known as the and served as a center for the rice trade during the Edo period.  - The earliest written records regarding the region come from the "Nihon Shoki", which describes the founding of the Ikuta Shrine by Empress Jing in AD 201. For most of its history, the area was never a single political entity, even during the Tokugawa Period, when the port was controlled directly by the Tokugawa Shogunate. Kobe did not exist in its current form until its founding in 1889. Its name comes from , an archaic title for supporters of the city's Ikuta Shrine. Kobe became one of Japan's 17 designated cities in 1956.  - Yokohama's population of 3.7 million makes it Japan's largest city after the Special Wards of Tokyo. Yokohama developed rapidly as Japan's prominent port city following the end of Japan's relative isolation in the mid-19th century, and is today one of its major ports along with Kobe, Osaka, Nagoya, Hakata, Tokyo, and Chiba.  - A pidgin , or pidgin language, is a grammatically simplified means of communication that develops between two or more groups that do not have a language in common: typically, a mixture of simplified languages or a simplified primary language with other languages' elements included. It is most commonly employed in situations such as trade, or where both groups speak languages different from the language of the country in which they reside (but where there is no common language between the groups). Fundamentally, a pidgin is a simplified means of linguistic communication, as it is constructed impromptu, or by convention, between individuals or groups of people. A pidgin is not the native language of any speech community, but is instead learned as a second language. A pidgin may be built from words, sounds, or body language from multiple other languages and cultures. They allow people who have no common language to communicate with each other. Pidgins usually have low prestige with respect to other languages.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'instance of' with 'language'.
Answer: