Information:  - Sofia (or or ;) ("Sofiya",) is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria. The city has a population of 1.26 million, while 1.68 million people live in its metropolitan area. The city is located at the foot of Vitosha Mountain in the western part of the country, within less than drive from the Serbian border. Its location in the centre of the Balkan peninsula means that it is the midway between the Black Sea and the Adriatic Sea, whereas the Aegean Sea is the closest to it.  - The FIS Nordic Combined World Cup is a Nordic combined competition organized yearly by FIS, representing the highest level in international competition for this sport. It was first arranged for the 1983/84 season. Team event was first time held in 1999/00 season. The FIS race director is a Norwegian ex ski jumper and ex world record holder Lasse Ottesen.  - France, officially the French Republic, is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories. The European, or metropolitan, area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans. France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017. It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre. Other major urban centres include Marseille, Lyon, Lille, Nice, Toulouse and Bordeaux.  - A multi-sport event is an organized sports event, often held over multiple days, featuring competition in many different sports between organized teams of athletes from (mostly) nation states. The first major, modern, multi-sport event of international significance is the modern Olympic Games.  - Ryan Heckman ( born March 7 , 1974 ) is an American nordic combined skier who competed from 1992 to 1997 . He finished eighth in the 3 x 10 km team event at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville . Heckman 's best World Cup finish was eighth in a 15 km individual event in Finland in 1995 . Heckman is now a partner at Excellere a private equity firm in Denver , Colorado .  - Albertville (Arpitan: "Arbèrtvile") is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.  - The 1992 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XVI Olympic Winter Games (French: Les "XVIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver"), were a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 8 to 23 February 1992 in Albertville, France. They were the last Winter Olympics to be held the same year as the Summer Olympics, and the first where the Winter Paralympics were held at the same site. Albertville was selected as host in 1986, beating Sofia, Falun, Lillehammer, Cortina d'Ampezzo, Anchorage and Berchtesgaden. The games were the third Winter Olympics held in France, after Chamonix in 1924 and Grenoble in 1968, and the fifth Olympics overall in the country.  - Nordic combined is a winter sport in which athletes compete in cross-country skiing and ski jumping. Nordic combined at the Winter Olympics and the FIS Nordic Combined World Cup are ongoing.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'ryan heckman' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - commercial  - director  - major  - mountain  - ski jumper
The answer to this question is: