Article:
Rupert Everett isn't a fan of The Bounty Hunter. Or The Switch. Or pretty much anything else Jennifer Aniston has starred in. 
  
 During an interview with BBC Radio 4, the 51-year-old British actor claimed that no matter how poorly an actor performs at the box office, certain stars will always remain on Hollywood's A-list. 
  
 PHOTOS: Jennifer's bikini body over the years 
  
 "If you look and analyze the careers of many, many stars, you'll find that they're mostly sustained by the business," Everett argued. "You'll find there's lots of women and lots of men in the business that the powers that be decide are right for their business, and they'll stand with them for quite a long time." 
  
 He then used the 41-year-old Just Go With It actress to further illustrate his point. 
  
 PHOTOS: All of Jennifer's failed romances 
  
 "OK, something will go wrong, like Jennifer Aniston will have one too many total flops, but she's still a member of that club," Everett continued. "And she will still manage to…like a star forming in the universe, things will swirl around her and it will suddenly solidify into another vital tasteless rom-com, a little glitter next to the Crab Nebula." 
  
 PHOTOS: Celeb feuds: whose side are you on? 
  
 But Aniston isn't the only box office draw who Everett is frustrated with: He's got an issue with Oscar-nominated actor Colin Firth too! 
  
 "Colin Firth I don't think was at all good in Mamma Mia! I would have thought it was almost a careericide," Everett sniped. "On the other hand, I think his performance in A Single Man was the best performance of his life." ||||| Rupert Everett has a bone to pick with Jennifer Aniston. The British actor told the BBC that no matter how badly their films tank, certain actors are pretty much above the fray and thus consistently able to get work -- and remain on the A-list -- despite poor box office showings. 
  
 He singles out the rom-com actress by name: OK, something will go wrong, like Jennifer Aniston will have one too many total flops, but she's still a member of that club, And she will still manage to…like a star forming in the universe, things will swirl around her and it will suddenly solidify into another vital tasteless rom-com, a little glitter next to the Crab Nebula. 
  
 Hey -- I'm not exactly a Jennifer Aniston fan, but I'd rather sit through The Switch than listen to this load of sour grapes. 
  
 What gives, Rupert? Why the jealousy? 
  
 This isn't the first time this B-list actor has directed his wrath toward his fellow thespians. 
  
 Everett claimed that Michael Jackson was a freak and added: "I think it was fortuitous that he died." ||||| Rupert Everett -- the actor best known for romantic comedies like 'My Best Friend's Wedding' and 'The Next Best Thing' -- has a problem with Jennifer Aniston 's continued success."If you look and analyze the careers of many, many stars, you'll find that they're mostly sustained by the business," he said on BBC Radio, Usmagazine.com reports. "You'll find there's lots of women and lots of men in the business that the powers that be decide are right for their business, and they'll stand with them for quite a long time.""OK, something will go wrong, like Jennifer Aniston will have one too many total flops, but she's still a member of that club. And she will still manage to ... like a star forming in the universe, things will swirl around her and it will suddenly solidify into another vital tasteless rom-com, a little glitter next to the Crab Nebula," he added. |||||Summary: