On 5/24/2013 I purchased a vehicle at Wilde East Towne Honda in Madison. My sales professional Jose Diaz-Caballero did an awesome job selling me the car, but once the deal was out if his hands that's where my entire experience went south. I came in at noon to test drive a vehicle. I really enjoyed the car, and it was exactly what I was looking for. Jose sold me on and the price was right. I said I would take it depending in what they would offer me for my trade. They took my car keys and sat me at Jose's desk for 45 minutes. I was on my lunch break and needed to get back to work, but alas I couldn't leave as they had my keys. I finally found my car and keys and went back to work. I had explained to Jose that I would be financing thru my own credit union and already had that arranged. I asked him to get the paperwork ready, I would come by and sign it then go to my CU and pick up the check and come back with it. I also explained that I had stuff to do after work and didn't have time to be waiting around for delivery. Jose understood. He finally gets back to me at close to 4pm and tells me that his manager said the deal is contingent on me financing thru the dealership (one of the banks they deal with), and that I have to finance thru them on order to buy a car! I said what if I pay cash and they say No, I have to finance thru them, that's it. I reluctantly agree as it is Friday getting close to 5pm and my CU will be closing. I head back to work and close up and come back to the dealership expecting this to wrap up quickly. Instead I sit and wait till 530pm when Peter Bothe from the Finance Department finally comes and goes over the deal with me. He explains they've found me financing (I already had my own, thank you) and their rate is 6% higher than the rate from my credit union. I tell them this is ridiculous to sell the car to someone else. I go outside, and realize that Jose, my salesman, shouldn't have to lose a sale just because of the attitude of management. I used to sell cars so I understand how that goes. I went back in and Peter Wisnewski (sales manager) came and talked to me explained that "this is how they do things" and that "the deal is contingent upon me taking their financing." He then tells me that they are giving me the "opportunity" to buy a car from them. Oh what an honor!! Peter Wisnewski next told me that I won't get a better value anywhere else or as much for my trade-in, however they were matching what another dealership (Zimbrick BMW) had previously offered me. I decided to go ahead with their financing and set up a refinance the next business day with my Credit Union. My sales person Jose did offer me free car washes to try to redeem the dealership, which is appreciated. While I was waiting at Jose's desk, Emily, another sales person, came up to me an appologized for the games the management was playing with me, and she even helped me gather my belongings from my trade. She was very helpful and sweet, and really helped to diffuse my anger.    I have previously used the Service Department at Wilde East Towne Honda and dealt with Cheryl Batease who was simply wonderful. If you have to have service done at Wilde I would recommend working with Cheryl. I also recommend Jose and Emily as sales professionals, but I wouldn't recommend buying a vehicle from this dealership based on my experience with the Finance Department and the Sales Manager's attitudes towards customers and that they would not allow me to use my own financing.
Was this review given positively or negatively?