Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| (CNN) Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton raised his fist in a black-power salute after scoring a touchdown. Pittsburgh Steeler Alejandro Villanueva was joined on the field by his teammates this time. 
  
 And many San Francisco 49ers knelt during the National Anthem, although some put their hands over their hearts. 
  
 For the second consecutive Sunday, NFL players around the country and in London demonstrated in a variety of ways in response to President Trump's call for NFL owners to fire any "son of a bitch" who "disrespects our flag." 
  
 Former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick pioneered the protests last year when he took a knee during the anthem over what he said was social and racial injustice. 
  
 As they were last week, some players' protests were met with boos from fans. 
  
 Here's a roundup of highlights from stadiums around the league. 
  
 Boos in Baltimore 
  
 Before the Baltimore Ravens took the field against Pittsburgh Steelers, the public-address announcer asked the crowd to join the Ravens organization "to pray that we as a nation embrace kindness, unity, equality, and justice for all Americans," CNN affiliate WJZ reported 
  
 The Ravens took a knee, then stood for the playing of the National Anthem, the station reported. The crowd appeared to boo as players knelt. 
  
 If you didn't go to the game, this is what we did pre-game. I was proud to read this. pic.twitter.com/1C653C8hlP — Bruce Cunningham (@Bruce45Sports) October 1, 2017 
  
 Last week, fans also booed when the Dallas Cowboys, including owner Jerry Jones, took a knee before locking arms during the anthem. 
  
 The Steelers all took the field before the anthem and stood during the song. Many Steelers, including head coach Mike Tomlin and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, were shown with their hand over their hearts. 
  
 So was Steeler tackle Alejandro Villanueva, a former captain in the Army and an ex-Ranger. Last week, while the rest of his teammates remained in the locker room during the anthem, Villanueva stood in the tunnel alone with his hand over his heart. 
  
 Fists raised in Cleveland 
  
 Some players took stronger stances. 
  
 Several Cleveland Browns players held their fists high during the anthem before their game against the Cincinnati Bengals. At least one Browns fan also raised his fist in the air while those next to him saluted or held their hands over their hearts. 
  
 Bengals players were shown standing. The broadcast didn't show any players from either team kneeling. 
  
 Lynch vs. Trump 
  
 Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch was spotted walking into Sports Authority Field in Denver Sunday wearing a T-shirt that read, "EVERYBODY VS. TRUMP," according to KGO, a CNN affiliate 
  
 Raiders RB Marshawn Lynch wearing an "Everybody vs Trump" T-shirt: pic.twitter.com/7aiCUbjLUD — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) October 1, 2017 
  
 Lynch later sat on the bench, as he usually does, during the playing of the National Anthem before the game with the Denver Broncos -- the only Raider to do so, according to multiple reports. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Baker on NFL players' protest: It's outrageous Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Baker on NFL players' protest: It's outrageous 00:56 
  
 Taking a knee in London 
  
 A trio of Miami Dolphins players -- Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas and Julius Thomas -- also took a knee as the anthem played before their game against the New Orleans Saints at Wembley Stadium in London, England, according to CNN affiliate WFOR . The three players stood for the British national anthem, the station reported. 
  
 The Saints, including quarterback Drew Brees, were seen kneeling as a team before the anthem. Most Saints players stood while the anthem played, and some locked arms. 
  
 The New Orleans Saints team kneels before standing for the National Anthem in a game against the Miami Dolphins in London's Wembley Stadium. 
  
 Other players kneel, sit, wear T-shirts 
  
 Several Buffalo Bills players took a knee during the anthem before the game against the Atlanta Falcons; most Bills players stood with their arms linked. The Falcons, including head coach Dan Quinn, stood with their arms linked, too. 
  
 Detroit Loins players Jalen Reeves-Maybin and Steve Longa took a knee during the anthem before playing the Minnesota Vikings. Some Lions players locked arms, as well as the entire Vikings team, according to announcer. 
  
 Steve Longa, a linebacker with the Detroit Lions, takes a knee with teammate Jalen Reeves-Maybin during the National Anthem before playing the Minnesota Vikings in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
  
 Before the game between the Indianapolis Colts and Seattle Seahawks, the Colts players released a statement saying the players who had previously knelt during the anthem "did not intend to disrespect our flag, our National Anthem or those who serve our country." 
  
 Rather, the players wanted to use their platform to raise awareness and talk about "about real equality, the injustices against black and brown people, police brutality, respect, unity and equal opportunity," the statement said. 
  
 "Our players are hurting, our people are hurting, our neighborhoods are hurting, and kneeling was a direct response to that hurt," the statement said. 
  
 A statement from our players: pic.twitter.com/B844SSbW73 — Indianapolis Colts (@Colts) October 1, 2017 
  
 During warmups, some Colts players, including quarterback Andrew Luck, wore black T-shirts with "WE WILL" on the front and "STAND FOR...EQUALITY, JUSTICE, UNITY, RESPECT, DIALOGUE, OPPORTUNITY" on the back. 
  
 The Colts were shown standing during the anthem with their arms linked on the TV broadcast. The broadcast showed Seattle Seahawks defensive linemen Michael Bennett, Cliff Avril, and Frank Clark seated during anthem; other Seahawks were standing. Other Seahawks also sat during the anthem, a photo from CNN affiliate KIRO-TV showed. 
  
 'Stay united, not divided' 
  
 Carolina Panthers teammates Thomas Davis and Jonathan Stewart joined in prayer on the sidelines before the team's game against the New England Patriots in Foxborough, Massachusetts, CNN affiliate WBTV reported. 
  
 Panthers linebacker Shaq Thompson sported blue shoes with the words, "Stay United, Not Divided." The shoes also featured black and white hands shaking hands, WBTV reported. 
  
 Carolina Panther Julius Peppers, who remained in the locker room during the anthem before the team's game last week, was on the field for the song Sunday. 
  
 Patriots players, including quarterback Tom Brady, stood during the anthem and rested their hands on the player next to them. 
  
 Newton stood for the anthem. He later raised his fist after scoring a rushing touchdown in the fourth quarter in the 33-30 win. 
  
 "It was to signify Black Power, but more importantly, I pray every night for God to give me a pinnacle to give people hope," Newton said after the game, according to a video of his post-game press conference posted on the official Panthers site. 
  
 "I did it to ... show black pride because I am an African-American," Newton said. 
  
 Newton said he also wanted people to see "the joy... that I go out there and play with." 
  
 'Embrace your differences' 
  
 About half the members of the San Francisco 49ers knelt during the National Anthem before their game against the Arizona Cardinals in Glendale, Arizona, while some of those kneeling also placed their hands over their hearts. Their teammates stood behind them, with one hand over their hearts and the other on the shoulders of the kneeling players. 
  
 The 49ers issued a statement saying the demonstration was meant to show unity, love and brotherhood. 
  
 "For more than a year, members of our team have protested the oppression and social injustices still present in our society. While some may not have taken a knee or raised a fist, we have all shared the desire to influence positive change," the team said. 
  
 A statement from the players, coaches, ownership and staff of the San Francisco #49ers pic.twitter.com/Rs2XCOiUeO — San Francisco 49ers (@49ers) October 1, 2017 
  
 "Our demonstration is simply a representation of how we hope our country can also come together by putting differences aside and solving its problems," said the team, which encouraged fans to "embrace your differences, find strength in them, and come together for the good of all." ||||| Jeremy Schaap reviews the results of an ESPN-commissioned survey with over 1,000 respondents on NFL protests during the national anthem. (2:14) 
  
 President Donald Trump criticized NFL players who lodge pregame protests, saying in a speech in Alabama on Sept. 22 that he wished those players would be released. He also encouraged fans who are offended to walk out of stadiums. Several players and coaches reacted strongly to Trump on social media, and players -- joined by coaches and owners, in some instances -- across the league knelt, locked arms, raised their fists and even refused to come out of the locker room during the national anthem in Week 3. Trump has continued calling for action against those who kneel during the national anthem, while owners this week scrambled to retain control. 
  
 Former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick started the pregame protest of racial oppression and inequality in the United States last season by sitting during the national anthem before a preseason game, then kneeling during the anthem throughout the season. 
  
 Previous protests this season: Week 3 | Week 2 | Week 1 | Preseason 
  
 Here's what every team did during the national anthem in Week 4 (most recent updates first; more will be added throughout the day): 
  
 Monday Night Football 
  
 Kansas City Chiefs: Every Chiefs player stood for the national anthem during Monday's game against the Redskins, except for cornerback Marcus Peters and linebackers Justin Houston and Ukeme Eligwe. Houston kneeled in prayer position on the bench for the first half of the anthem and stood for the remainder, while Peters sat on the bench. Peters has sat on the bench during the anthem in every game this season. He protested by raising his fist during the national anthem for the Chiefs’ season opener last year. -- Adam Teicher 
  
 Washington Redskins: The Redskins all stood for the national anthem , one week after seven kneeled. They did not link arms. The team released a statement after the anthem last week: “Football has always served as the great unifier, bringing people together to celebrate the values of courage, commitment and achievement. We are proud of the players, coaches and fans of the Washington Redskins for all that they have done to improve the lives of others in neighborhoods all across our region. We are also grateful for the sacrifices made by the brave men and women of our armed forces that have provided us the freedom to play football. In that great tradition, the Washington Redskins will work to address divisions and bring unity, civility and respect to our greater community.” -- John Keim 
  
 Sunday's games 
  
 Seattle Seahawks: Several Seahawks players sat on the bench during the national anthem before Sunday night's game against the Colts. Eight of them were defensive linemen: Cliff Avril, Michael Bennett, Frank Clark, Jarran Reed, Sheldon Richardson, Marcus Smith, Nazair Jones and Garrison Smith. Linebacker Michael Wilhoite sat as well. Injured defensive end Dion Jordan stood next to Wilhoite with a supportive hand on Wilhoite's shoulder. Offensive linemen Justin Britt and Oday Aboushi stood on the other end. Aboushi had his hand on Britt's shoulder while Britt had his hand on Avril's shoulder. -- Brady Henderson 
  
 Indianapolis Colts: A week after having at least eight players take a knee during the national anthem, none of the Colts took a knee during the anthem before Sunday's game in Seattle. Instead, the team collectively stood and locked arms during the anthem. During warm-ups, the Colts wore black T-shirts that said "We will" on the front and "Stand for equality, justice, unity, respect, dialogue, opportunity" on the back. -- Mike Wells 
  
 ESPN Staff Writer The back of the t-shirts that the Colts are wearing for tonight's game against the Seahawks 
  
 Oakland Raiders: The Raiders stayed true to their word, as last week’s near-team-wide demonstration during the anthem was a one-week affair. All Raiders players stood for the anthem in Denver except for Marshawn Lynch, who remained seated and covered by Raiders staff members. Lynch entered the stadium wearing a T-shirt that read: EVERYBODY VS. TRUMP. Lynch has remained seated during the anthem since joining Oakland, but he has never said why he sits. -- Paul Gutierrez 
  
 ESPN Staff Writer Marshawn Lynch has not said why he has remained seated during the national anthem since joining the Raiders. The T-shirt he wore entering Sports Authority Field in Sunday, though, spoke volumes: EVERYBODY -VS- TRUMP 
  
 Denver Broncos: Every Broncos player stood for the national anthem. But linebacker Brandon Marshall, a former teammate of Colin Kaepernick at Nevada who kneeled before eight games last season, raised his left fist into the air. Last week, 32 Broncos players took a knee during the national anthem before the team’s game against the Bills. -- Jeff Legwold 
  
 San Francisco 49ers: Before Sunday’s game against the Cardinals, 30 49ers players knelt during the national anthem with a hand over their heart. Those players knelt in a row with the rest of their teammates and coaches behind them. Among those kneeling were linebacker NaVorro Bowman, safety Eric Reid and running back Carlos Hyde. The players in the back row had a hand on the shoulder of each of the players kneeling and the other hand over their hearts. General manager John Lynch and CEO Jed York stood with the team, also with their hands over their hearts. -- Nick Wagoner 
  
 Thirty 49ers players kneeled during the national anthem in Week 4. AP Photo/Rick Scuteri 
  
 Arizona Cardinals: Every Cardinals player stood during the national anthem. They did not link arms like they did on Monday Night Football in Week 3. -- Josh Weinfuss 
  
 Philadelphia Eagles: Safety Malcolm Jenkins continued demonstrating for social justice by raising his first above his head during the national anthem prior to Sunday’s game against the Chargers. Safety Rodney Mcleod joined him by raising a fist. Defensive end Chris Long placed an arm around Jenkins as a sign of support. Several defensive backs, including Sidney Jones and Dexter McDougle, locked arms beside them. -- Tim McManus 
  
 Los Angeles Chargers: All Chargers players stood, some linked arm in arm, during the national anthem before the game. None kneeled. -- Eric D. Williams 
  
 New York Giants: The Giants linked arms during the national anthem prior to their game against the Bucs, and defensive end Olivier Vernon knelt for the second straight week. Defensive tackle Damon Harrison and safety Landon Collins held their fists in the air after kneeling last week. Linebacker Keenan Robinson also held his fist in the air. -- Jordan Raanan 
  
 Tampa Bay Buccaneers: All Bucs players and staff members stood during the national anthem. No players linked arms. Wide receiver Mike Evans said earlier this week that he was 50-50 about doing it, but he gave the impression that he was leaning toward standing, which he did. -- Jenna Laine 
  
 Los Angeles Rams: Outside linebacker Robert Quinn raised his right fist in the air and punter Johnny Hekker put his arm around him in a show of support, as they have done in past weeks, before the Rams' game against the Cowboys. Rams coach Sean McVay said earlier in the week that his team would follow “standard operating procedures” for the anthem. -- Alden Gonzalez 
  
 Dallas Cowboys: The Cowboys did what Dez Bryant promised Friday for the national anthem before their game against the Rams: They stood along the sideline without any form of protest. Before their game on Monday Night Football in Week 3, the Cowboys -- including Jerry Jones -- took a knee briefly as a group before the anthem, then they stood arm in arm as the anthem played. -- Todd Archer 
  
 Buffalo Bills: A group of six Bills players knelt for the anthem in a line behind the rest of their teammates: wide receiver Kaelin Clay, running back Taiwan Jones, defensive tackle Cedric Thornton, running back Mike Tolbert, defensive lineman Jerel Worthy and cornerback Shareece Wright. All of those players knelt last week except for Worthy, who did not play because of a concussion. Clay wore cleats before the game with the message "#ImWithKap" on them. In addition, cornerback Leonard Johnson stood next to the players who were kneeling. -- Mike Rodak 
  
 Kaelin Clay's cleats before the Bills' Week 4 game had a hashtag in support of Colin Kaepernick. AP Photo/David Goldman 
  
 Atlanta Falcons: Most of the Falcons linked arms during the national anthem before the game against the Bills, as coach Dan Quinn said they would leading into the game. Defensive tackle Grady Jarrett and Dontari Poe did not take a knee, as they did during last week's game at Detroit. Several players stood with their hand on their heart and did not link arms. -- Vaughn McClure 
  
 Cincinnati Bengals: Most of the Bengals stood with their arms locked during the anthem before the game against the Browns, which is what they did last week. The other players stood with their hand over their heart. A few players last week did not link arms and stood with their hand over their heart instead, and more Bengals players did that this week. No player sat or kneeled, which has been the case since the protests started. -- Katherine Terrell 
  
 Cleveland Browns: All Browns stood for the anthem. About a dozen linked arms, including quarterback DeShone Kizer. About midway through the anthem, eight to 10 players raised their right fist, including running back Isaiah Crowell, linebacker Chris Kirksey and tight end Randall Telfer. -- Pat McManamon 
  
 The Browns players who raised their fists during the national anthem in Week 4. AP Photo/Tony Dejak 
  
 Detroit Lions: Steve Longa and Jalen Reeves-Maybin knelt during the anthem before the game against the Vikings. Tahir Whitehead -- who knelt last week -- stood between them with his hands on their shoulders. Nick Bellore and D.J. Hayden also had hands on their shoulders. The rest of the Lions players and coach Jim Caldwell stood in a single line with their arms linked. That included Eric Ebron, who stood alone behind the rest of his teammates last week. Eight Lions players knelt last week. -- Michael Rothstein 
  
 Minnesota Vikings: A large group of Vikings locked arms during the anthem. Harrison Smith and David Morgan were the bookends on either side of the line of locked arms. Quarterback Case Keenum and Kyle Sloter, running backs Dalvin Cook, Latavius Murray and C.J. Ham, the entire Vikings offensive, and long-snapper Kevin McDermott did not participate in the demonstration. Kick returner Jerick McKinnon stood behind the sideline for a second straight week with a trainer and did not participate in the demonstration. -- Courtney Cronin 
  
 Vikings players lock arms during the playing of the national anthem. AP Photo/Bruce Kluckhohn 
  
 Carolina Panthers: Defensive end Julius Peppers, who did not come onto the field for the anthem a week ago, stood for the anthem before Sunday's game against the Patriots with his hands behind his back. Thomas Davis and Jonathan Stewart both stood with their hands together in prayer. There did not appear to be a united protest. -- David Newton 
  
 New England Patriots: The Patriots stood side by side on the sideline during the anthem. Most players had their right hand over their heart and their left arm around the player to the next of them. No players kneeled. -- Mike Reiss 
  
 Jacksonville Jaguars: The Jaguars knelt as a team before the anthem was played and then stood for the anthem before the game against the Jets. Some players linked arms during the anthem while others stood with their hand over their heart. Coach Doug Marrone was among those linking arms. -- Michael DiRocco 
  
 New York Jets: For the second straight week, the Jets locked arms during the national anthem. Once again, chairman and CEO Christopher Johnson joined the players on the sideline. No one was kneeling. -- Rich Cimini 
  
 Pittsburgh Steelers: The Steelers all stood for the national anthem before their game in Baltimore. Many players placed their hand over their heart, but the team had full participation in standing. In a sign of solidarity last week, the Steelers stayed in the locker room during the national anthem before their game against the Bears. They were one of three teams to do so -- the Titans and Seahawks were the others. -- Jeremy Fowler 
  
 Baltimore Ravens: The Ravens knelt before the national anthem began, and then rose for the anthem. There was a clamoring of boos when the players knelt. Before the anthem, an announcement was made in the stadium for everyone to pray as a nation to embrace kindness, justice, unity and equality. -- Jamison Hensley 
  
 Tennessee Titans: Receiver Rishard Matthews remained in the locker room during the anthem before the game against the Texans, running out after the performance ended. The rest of the team stood, with defensive linemen Jurrell Casey and DaQuan Jones and linebackers Brian Orakpo and Wesley Woodyard raising a fist at the conclusion of the anthem. -- Cameron Wolfe 
  
 Houston Texans: Some Texans players linked arms during the national anthem before the game against the Titans, but all stood -- most side by side. No players knelt. Last week the players all linked arms. -- Sarah Barshop 
  
 New Orleans Saints: As promised, Saints players all knelt together on the sideline before the national anthem, then stood during the anthem -- a planned show of unity after 10 players sat on the bench for the first time last week. Many had arms interlocked or hands on shoulders. -- Mike Triplett 
  
 Miami Dolphins: Three Dolphins players -- tight end Julius Thomas, receiver Kenny Stills and safety Michael Thomas -- kneeled during the national anthem in London. Those players and the entire Dolphins sideline stood for the playing of "God Save the Queen," England's national anthem. --James Walker 
  
 Thursday Night Football 
  
 Green Bay Packers: Players and staff linked arms during the anthem at Lambeau Field on Thursday night before the game against the Bears, as planned. It appeared, however, that only small groups of fans joined in linking arms in the stands, as the Packers players had hoped all fans would. "It was an invitation to join us. The beauty is, it's a free country, so they can choose to do it or not," quarterback Aaron Rodgers said after the game. "The messaging of this unfortunately needs to continue to be redirected, I think. -- Rob Demovsky 
  
 Chicago Bears: The Bears joined the Packers in linking arms during the anthem Thursday. Chicago decided last week prior to their home game against the Steelers that every player would lock arms in a sign of solidarity. -- Jeff Dickerson |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?