Here is a news article: FILE - In this May 4, 2014 file photo, an Etihad Airways plane prepares to land at the Abu Dhabi airport in the United Arab Emirates. A U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the ban beginning... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this May 4, 2014 file photo, an Etihad Airways plane prepares to land at the Abu Dhabi airport in the United Arab Emirates. A U.S. official tells The Associated Press that the ban beginning... (Associated Press) 
  
 NEW YORK (AP) — The U.S. and Britain, citing concerns about terrorist attacks, are not allowing passengers on some flights from mostly Middle Eastern and North African countries to bring laptops, tablets and certain other devices on board with them in their carry-on bags. All electronics bigger than a smartphone must be checked in. 
  
 Here are some questions and answers on the ban: 
  
 ___ 
  
 WHICH FLIGHTS AND AIRPORTS DOES THIS AFFECT? 
  
 The U.S. ban applies to nonstop U.S.-bound flights from 10 international airports in Amman, Jordan; Kuwait City, Kuwait; Cairo; Istanbul; Jeddah and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia; Casablanca, Morocco; Doha, Qatar; and Dubai and Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates. About 50 flights a day, all on foreign airlines, are affected. 
  
 The British rules apply to flights from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia. 
  
 ___ 
  
 WHY ARE THESE COUNTRIES AND AIRPORTS SINGLED OUT? 
  
 U.S. officials say the decision was prompted by intelligence about potential threats to planes bound for the U.S. They are giving no details, such as whether a particular terror group prompted the ban. 
  
 ___ 
  
 WHY DOES THIS AFFECT ONLY NONSTOP FLIGHTS, NOT THOSE WITH STOPOVERS? 
  
 Flights with stopovers on the way to the U.S. are met with additional security checks and screenings, adding an additional layer of protection. Bennet Waters of the Chertoff Group, a security consulting firm, says the affected airports may have been singled out by the government because of the procedures and equipment they use to screen carry-on bags. 
  
 ___ 
  
 WHY ARE LAPTOPS AND TABLETS CONSIDERED MORE DANGEROUS THAN CELLPHONES? 
  
 The U.S. Transportation Security Administration has not explained. But Waters says TSA and intelligence officials have probably concluded that cellphones are too small to be rigged with enough explosives to bring down an airliner. 
  
 ___ 
  
 HAVE LAPTOPS OR ELECTRONICS EVER BEEN USED TO ATTACK PLANES? 
  
 Bombs concealed in electronics have been an airline safety concern for decades. In 1988, Pan Am Flight 103 was blown up over Lockerbie, Scotland, by a bomb hidden inside a Toshiba cassette recorder and packed inside a checked suitcase in the cargo hold. All 259 people on board and 11 others on the ground were killed. More recently, a Daallo Airlines plane landed safely in Somalia last year after a bomb inside a laptop exploded in the passenger cabin and blew a hole in the fuselage. Only the suspected suicide bomber was killed. 
  
 ___ 
  
 COULDN'T A LAPTOP WITH A BOMB INSIDE STILL POSE A DANGER WITHIN THE CARGO HOLD? 
  
 Yes. A bomb inside the cargo hold could bring a plane down, airline security experts say. But they say the scanning technology used to screen checked luggage for bombs is generally more sophisticated than the X-ray machinery used to examine carry-on luggage. 
  
 Also, separating the bomb from the bomber could make it harder to detonate it in the air. A timer would be less reliable, because it could go off on the ground if there were a flight delay, says Jeffrey Price, an aviation security expert and professor at Metropolitan State University of Denver. And a bomb with a barometric pressure switch that would detonate at a certain altitude could be set off by rough handling at the airport, Price says. 
  
 ___ 
  
 SHOULD TRAVELERS BE WORRIED ABOUT THEIR ELECTRONICS GETTING STOLEN FROM THEIR CHECKED LUGGAGE? 
  
 Yes, thieves are known to target expensive electronic equipment. Cheap luggage locks can be broken and canvas baggage can be cut into, says Anthony Roman, president of Roman & Associates, a risk management firm. He recommends using hard-shell suitcases that come with strong locks. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writer Alicia Caldwell in Washington contributed to this story. Kerr reported from Washington. ||||| Image caption The UK ban applies to direct inbound flights from six countries; the US ban lists eight countries 
  
 An aircraft cabin ban on large electronic devices was prompted by intelligence suggesting a terror threat to US-bound flights, say US media. 
  
 The US and UK have announced new carry-on restrictions banning laptops on certain passenger flights. 
  
 The so-called Islamic State group (IS) has been working on ways to smuggle explosives on to planes by hiding them in electronics, US sources tell ABC. 
  
 The tip-off was judged by the US to be "substantiated" and "credible". 
  
 Inbound flights on nine airlines operating out of 10 airports in eight countries are subject to the US Department of Homeland Security ban. 
  
 Phones and medical devices are not affected. 
  
 US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is hosting a two-day meeting of ministers and senior officials from 68 nations to discuss the threat from IS. 
  
 The Washington talks will be the first full meeting of the coalition since December 2014. 
  
 What is the meeting about? By Barbara Plett-Usher, US State Department correspondent 
  
 This will be a chance for the Trump administration to put its stamp on the global battle against the Islamic State group, and for the reticent secretary of state to put his stamp on a foreign policy issue that the president has identified as a priority. 
  
 The State Department says the meeting aims to accelerate efforts to defeat IS in its remaining strongholds: the Iraqi city of Mosul and the Syrian city of Raqqa. 
  
 On the campaign trail Mr Trump claimed to have a secret plan to obliterate the group. But his Pentagon has largely stuck with Barack Obama's strategy of supporting local ground forces, albeit with increased US military participation as the assault on Raqqa nears. 
  
 Coalition members will also discuss how to stabilise and govern the cities after the conflict; and they're looking to see if Washington remains committed to a longer term effort to secure the region. 
  
 UK flight ban on devices announced 
  
 Easyjet introduces laptop ban 
  
 What do we know of the threat? 
  
 Eric Swalwell, a Democratic member of the House Intelligence Committee, told ABC News there was "a new aviation threat". 
  
 "We know that our adversaries, terrorist groups in the United States and outside the United States, seek to bring down a US-bound airliner. That's one of their highest value targets. And we're doing everything we can right now to prevent that from happening." 
  
 Image copyright PA 
  
 Another member of that committee, Republican Peter King, told the New York Times he was forewarned about the ban. 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Aviation adviser Dr Sally Leivesley says the ban is a "smart move" 
  
 "It was based on intelligence reports that are fairly recent. Intelligence of something possibly planned." 
  
 The restriction is based, we are told, on "evaluated intelligence", BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner writes. 
  
 That means that US intelligence has either intercepted discussion of a possible extremist plot or has been passed word of one by a human informant. 
  
 Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning 
  
 How does it affect me? 
  
 The US rule is broad and wide-ranging, affecting almost any device that is not a phone. Anything larger will have to go in checked luggage in the hold. 
  
 The advice does not define that size with any measurements. The US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) gave a list of examples, but said it was not exhaustive: laptops, tablets, e-readers, cameras, portable DVD players, electronic game units larger than a smartphone, and travel printers/scanners. 
  
 The UK has offered clearer parameters: nothing bigger than 16cm (6.3ins) long, 9.3cm (3.6ins) wide or 1.5cm (0.6ins) deep will be allowed into the cabin - which means mobiles like the larger iPhone Plus will still be allowed. 
  
 Read more about the devices affected 
  
 Parents dread flight ban for laptops 
  
 Which airlines are affected? 
  
 The nine airlines covered by the US ban are Royal Jordanian, EgyptAir, Turkish Airlines, Saudi Arabian Airlines, Kuwait Airways, Royal Air Maroc, Qatar Airways, Emirates and Etihad Airways. 
  
 The British ban, announced hours after the American measure, is similar but applies to different airlines, including British Airways and Easyjet. 
  
 It covers direct passenger flights to the UK from Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, Tunisia and Saudi Arabia. 
  
 On Wednesday, Easyjet passengers from Turkey and Egypt bound for the UK were already told to put large electronic devices in the hold. 
  
 The airline said passengers would face extra security checks and advised them to arrive early at the airport. 
  
 The 10 airports affected by the US ban are: 
  
 Mohammed V International, Casablanca, Morocco Ataturk Airport, Istanbul, Turkey Cairo International Airport, Egypt Queen Alia International, Amman, Jordan King Abdulaziz International, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia King Khalid International, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Kuwait International Airport Hamad International, Doha, Qatar Abu Dhabi International, United Arab Emirates Dubai International, United Arab Emirates 
  
 The airlines included in the US decision have been given a deadline of 07:00 GMT on Saturday to impose the ban, officials said, adding that the restriction had no end date. 
  
 However, an Emirates spokeswoman told Reuters news agency the airline understood that the US directive would come into effect on 25 March and remain valid until 14 October 2017. ||||| New aviation security measures restricting electronic devices on flights from certain overseas airports were prompted by new threat intelligence obtained earlier this year indicating that ISIS associates were working on smuggling explosives-laden electronics onto U.S.-bound flights, ABC News has learned. 
  
 Interested in ISIS? Add ISIS as an interest to stay up to date on the latest ISIS news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest 
  
 The U.S. government has deemed the threat information “substantiated” and “credible,” according to one source familiar with the intelligence. 
  
 Sources said that the airports – in eight Middle Eastern and African countries – affected by the restrictions were not directly named in the most recent threat intelligence gathered by authorities, but determined through intelligence analysis paired with other government information. 
  
 The Department of Homeland Security banned all electronics bigger than a cellphone from the cabins of some direct flights to the United States from 10 airports in eight Muslim-majority countries. 
  
 During an interview today, ABC News' Pierre Thomas asked a member of the House Intelligence Committee about the new DHS measures. 
  
 “I’ve spoken a couple times in the last week with the Department of Homeland Security about a new aviation threat," explained Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-California. "We know that our adversaries, terrorist groups in the United States and outside the United States, seek to bring down a U.S.-bound airliner. That’s one of their highest value targets. And we’re doing everything we can right now to prevent that from happening.” ||||| Britain joined the U.S. in creating new restrictions for passengers traveling on flights from airports in several Muslim-majority countries. Here's what you need to know. (Monica Akhtar,Dani Player/The Washington Post) 
  
 From Tuesday on, passengers traveling to the U.S. from 10 airports in eight Muslim-majority countries will not be allowed to have iPads, laptops or any communications device larger than a smartphone in the cabin of the plane. If you are traveling from Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Morocco, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, or the UAE on Egypt Air, Emirates, Etihad Airways, Kuwait Airways, Qatar Airways, Royal Air Maroc, Royal Jordanian Airlines, Saudi Arabian Airlines, or Turkish Airlines, and you want to use your laptop on the flight, you are probably out of luck. 
  
 [U.S. unveils new restrictions on travelers from eight Muslim-majority countries] 
  
 The nations affected by President Trump's executive action on immigration are not actually countries where terrorists who have carried out fatal attacks the United States came from. (Daron Taylor/The Washington Post) 
  
 So why is the United States doing this, and how can it get away with it? 
  
 The U.S. says it’s all about security 
  
 The Trump administration says the new rules were introduced because of intelligence that shows terrorists are continuing to target airlines flying to the United States. An unidentified person familiar with the issue has told The Washington Post that officials have long been worried by a Syrian terrorist group that is trying to build bombs inside electronic devices that are hard to detect. 
  
 However, as Demitri Sevastopulo and Robert Wright at the Financial Times suggest, non-U. S. observers are skeptical of this explanation. They note that the United States has not been forthcoming about whether the ban is based on recent intelligence or long-standing concerns. There is also no explanation for why electronic devices in the cabin are a concern, and electronic devices in the baggage hold are not. 
  
 There is an alternative explanation 
  
 It may not be about security. Three of the airlines that have been targeted for these measures — Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways — have long been accused by their U.S. competitors of receiving massive effective subsidies from their governments. These airlines have been quietly worried for months that President Trump was going to retaliate. This may be the retaliation. 
  
 These three airlines, as well as the other airlines targeted in the order, are likely to lose a major amount of business from their most lucrative customers — people who travel in business class and first class. Business travelers are disproportionately likely to want to work on the plane — the reason they are prepared to pay business-class or first-class fares is because it allows them to work in comfort. These travelers are unlikely to appreciate having to do all their work on smartphones, or not being able to work at all. The likely result is that many of them will stop flying on Gulf airlines, and start traveling on U.S. airlines instead. 
  
 As the Financial Times notes, the order doesn’t affect only the airlines’ direct flights to and from the United States — it attacks the “hub” airports that are at the core of their business models. These airlines not only fly passengers directly from the Gulf region to the United States — they also fly passengers from many other destinations, transferring them from one plane to another in the hubs. This “hub and spoke” approach is a standard economic model for long-haul airlines, offering them large savings. However, it also creates big vulnerabilities. If competitors or unfriendly states can undermine or degrade the hub, they can inflict heavy economic damage. 
  
 The United States is weaponizing interdependence 
  
 As we have argued in the past, and talk about in forthcoming work, this can be understood as a variant form of “weaponized interdependence.” We live in an interdependent world, where global networks span across countries, creating enormous benefits, but also great disparities of power. As networks grow, they tend to concentrate both influence and vulnerability in a few key locations, creating enormous opportunities for states, regulators and nonstate actors who have leverage over those locations. 
  
 [Here’s how Washington weaponized America’s IT companies and why it backfired] 
  
 In this context, the United States is plausibly leveraging its control over access to U.S. airports, which are central “nodes” in the global network of air travel between different destinations. It is using this control to attack the key vulnerabilities of other networked actors, by going after the central nodes in their networks (the hub airports) and potentially severely damaging them. 
  
 There may not be much that Gulf airline carriers can do 
  
 Gulf airlines have tried to defend themselves against political attacks from U.S. competitors by appealing to free trade principles. The problem is that standard free trade agreements, such as World Trade Organization rules, don’t really apply to airlines (although they do apply to related sectors, such as the manufacture of airplanes). This has allowed the Gulf airlines to enjoy massive subsidies, without having to worry too much about being sued in the WTO. However, it also makes it hard for Gulf states or the states of other affected airlines to take a WTO case against the new U.S. rules, even if these rules turn out to be motivated by protectionism and the desire to retaliate, rather than real underlying security questions. 
  
 If this were happening in a different sector, it would make for a pretty interesting case. States preserve carve-outs from international trade rules when they feel that their security is at stake. Would the United States prevail in a case like this, where there is a colorable security justification, but where there is also a very plausible argument that the real motivation doesn’t have much to do with security? Or would the WTO defer to the United States’ proposed justification? It’s very likely that the Trump administration will make more unilateral rules that are justified using the language of national security, but are plausibly motivated by protectionism, so we may find out. ||||| Holding many large devices with lithium-ion batteries in cargo could create fire risk that has downed airplanes, as directive only affects foreign-owned carriers 
  
 A new measure forcing passengers to store all their large electronics in the hold may have disastrous consequences, say airline experts – and the only security that measure will provide is financial security to American carriers. 
  
 Experts criticize US electronic devices ban on some flights from Middle East Read more 
  
 The US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) secretly sent 10 foreign-owned carriers an “emergency amendment” via the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) on Monday, requiring flights inbound to the US from 10 Middle Eastern airports to ban any device larger than a cellphone from carry-on luggage. On Tuesday, the UK announced it was going even further than the US , banning in-cabin electronics on all direct flights from six Middle Eastern countries. 
  
 Travelers have been told that they will have to pack such devices in baggage to be checked into the plane’s hold. 
  
 But filling the hold of a commercial airliner with the lithium-ion batteries used to power most consumer electronics would create a hazard all its own, according to Robert W Mann Jr, president of the airline industry analysts RW Mann & Company. 
  
 Rechargeable batteries are often recalled because they pose a risk of fire – and the kind of fire started by an overheating battery is much harder to extinguish by conventional means. 
  
 Battery fires are believed to have downed airplanes in the past, notably a UPS flight out of Dubai which crashed in 2008 with the loss of two crew members. The general civil aviation authority of the UAE blamed the loss of the plane on combustion of batteries in the hold. 
  
 Fire suppression systems in the hold of a commercial aircraft – which is inaccessible to the crew during flight – are ineffective against metal fires, and the new regulations may actually increase the risk of fire, said Mann. 
  
  
  
 In an age of exploding tablets, safe battery storage deeply concerns experts. “On an aircraft, how many [now-prohibited] devices are carried by, let’s say, 300 customers? How many spare batteries? How many batteries charged by unapproved chargers are in the hold?” Mann asked. “It would be harder to detect that and harder to fight an in-flight fire in the hold than it would if a fire occurred in the cabin. Most cabins have fire blankets and extinguishers that are useful against metal fires.” 
  
 Fires in jetliner holds are extinguished automatically by halon-gas extinguishers, which are effective only against open flame and useless against overheating metal, according to a report by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). 
  
 In 2014, the ICAO’s dangerous goods panel issued a report on lithium-ion batteries – the kind of rechargeable batteries most commonly used in portable electronics like laptops, tablets and gaming devices, all of which are affected by the new rule. “[F]ires in flight involving certain types and quantities of lithium metal batteries have the potential to result in an uncontrolled fire leading to a catastrophic failure of the airframe,” the ICAO report said. 
  
 The United Nations and the US’s Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) agreed, voting to ban cargo shipments of lithium-ion batteries from passenger jets on the grounds of unacceptable risk. The FAA issued a warning of “catastrophic hull loss due to significant identified dangers associated with the transport of lithium batteries as cargo”. 
  
 Mann said that the primary risk of cargo shipments of batteries is posed by the density with which those batteries are packed on a shipping pallet. 
  
 Other luggage would probably provide some insulation in the event of a fire in the baggage bins, and many people already check their laptops, but radically increasing the number of batteries in various states of repair in the inaccessible cargo area inevitably increases risk. 
  
  
  
 DHS also ignores its own precautionary measures with the new rule: Abu Dhabi, one of the affected airports, operates what Mann calls “a state-of-the-art US customs and border preclearance facility” so rigorous that passengers inbound to the US from that airport are cleared by US customs and treated as domestic travelers when they land. 
  
  
  
 “It’s kind of bizarre that this state-of-the-art facility is judged inadequate to screen electronics. That seems like the primary objective of one these facilities,” said Mann. 
  
 Forcing passengers to toss their batteries into the hold poses other problems. “Many of the customers who are inconvenienced by this in the short term won’t have battery endcaps or battery bags to inert them from short-circuiting,” Mann said. 
  
 Instead, the regulation will probably simply hurt foreign-owned carriers and drive customers to US carriers in the name of security. 
  
 “It seems to create a competitive disadvantage for those carriers flying nonstop from those 10 points,” Mann said. So far, DHS has punted responsibility for implementing the rule to the FAA. The FAA did not respond to multiple requests for comment. 
  
 All of the airlines affected by the US ban are foreign. The only foreign carrier not affected is Israel’s El Al, which shares its fleet with American Airlines. “A number of parties [among US carriers] have been calling for a reset on some of the Middle East aviation agreements,” Mann said. US carriers contend that state-owned luxury airlines – several of which are affected by the ban – compete unfairly with American carriers, which have reduced passenger amenities steadily for years. 
  
 “It will have a competitive effect whether or not that’s the intended result,” Mann said. |||||
A summary of this is?