Please answer the following question: Information:  - The Irish Singles Chart (Irish: "Cairt Singil na hÉireann") is Ireland's music industry standard singles popularity chart issued weekly by the Irish Recorded Music Association and compiled on behalf of the IRMA by Chart-Track. Chart rankings are based on sales, which are compiled through over-the-counter retail data captured electronically each day from retailers' EPOS systems. Currently all major record stores and over forty independents submit data for the charts, accounting for over 80% of the market, according to Chart-Track. A new chart is compiled and officially released to the public by the Irish Recorded Music Association on Friday at noon. Each chart is dated with the "week-ending" date of the previous Thursday (i.e. the day before issue). The singles chart was first published on 1 October 1962, and covered the top ten singles of the previous week by record label shipments.  - Adele Laurie Blue Adkins (born 5 May 1988) is an English singer-songwriter. Graduating from the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology in 2006, Adele was given a recording contract by XL Recordings after a friend posted her demo on Myspace the same year. In 2007, she received the Brit Awards "Critics' Choice" award and won the BBC Sound of 2008 poll. Her debut album, "19", was released in 2008 to commercial and critical success. It is certified seven times platinum in the UK, and three times platinum in the US. An appearance she made on "Saturday Night Live" in late 2008 boosted her career in the US. At the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009, Adele received the awards for Best New Artist and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.  - Isabella Janet Florentina Summers (born 31 October 1980) is an English musician, songwriter, producer, remixer and member of English indie rock band Florence and the Machine. As well as being the keyboard player for the group, Summers has five co-writing credits on the critically acclaimed, BRIT Award-winning "Lungs" and three on the album "Ceremonials". She has three songs on the album "How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful": "Delilah", "How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful" and "Which Witch", including two productions on the deluxe version.  - The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster. It is headquartered at Broadcasting House in London, is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation, and is the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, with over 20,950 staff in total, of whom 16,672 are in public sector broadcasting; including part-time, flexible as well as fixed contract staff, the total number is 35,402.  - Santi White (born September 25, 1976), better known by her stage name Santigold (formerly Santogold), is an American singer and producer. Her debut album, "Santogold", including the singles "Creator" and "L.E.S. Artistes", received very favorable reviews in 2008. Her second album, "Master of My Make-Believe", was released in 2012. In February 2016, she released her third album "99¢".  - Sir James Paul McCartney, (born 18 June 1942) is an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and composer. With John Lennon, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr, he gained worldwide fame with the rock band the Beatles, largely considered the most popular and influential group in the history of pop music. His songwriting partnership with Lennon is the most celebrated of the post-war era. After the band's break-up, he pursued a solo career and formed the band Wings with his first wife, Linda, and Denny Laine.  - Florence Leontine Mary Welch (born 28 August 1986) is an English musician, singer, and songwriter best known as the lead singer of indie rock band Florence and the Machine.  - BBC Introducing is the brand for new music programmes across the BBC radio stations, showcasing unsigned, self-signed and other emerging musical talent primarily from the UK. Launched in 2007 the "Introducing" brand brings programming from across the BBC under a unified brand with each show retaining its own identity. "Introducing" has also been extended to the BBC's stages at major festivals such as Glastonbury. "Introducing" shows can now be found on most BBC Radio stations from national to local. In 2010 "BBC Introducing" was awarded the best new platform to discover music at the BT Digital Music Awards. In May 2011, "BBC Introducing" won the Gold award for Best Use of Multiplatform at the Sony Radio Academy Awards.  - A Brief History of Love is the debut album from British electronic rock duo The Big Pink. The album was released on 14 September 2009 on 4AD. The Big Pink signed with 4AD in February 2009, and won the prestigious "NME" Philip Hall Radar Award for best new act. The band were also named as "one of the most likely breakout acts of 2009" by the BBC. Prior to the album's release, the band issued three singles: "Too Young to Love"/"Crystal Visions" on the House Anxiety label in October 2008, "Velvet" on 4AD in April 2009, and the non-album track "Stop the World" in June 2009. "Dominos", the album's first proper single and the band's fourth single overall, preceded the album on 7 September.  - The Big Pink are an English electronic rock band from London, consisting of multi-instrumentalists Robertson "Robbie" Furze, Mary Charteris, Nicole Emery and Bradford Lee Conroy. Initially a duo, they signed to independent record label 4AD in 2009 and won the "NME" Philip Hall Radar Award for best new act. To date, they have released five singles, with their debut album "A Brief History of Love" released in September 2009 and its follow-up, "Future This" released in January 2012.  - Rich Costey is an American record producer, mixer and engineer,  whose work ranges from hip-hop, rock, pop, indie, and electronica. As a producer Costey's credits include Sigur Rós, Frank Turner, Muse, Foster the People, Swirlies, Santigold and Biffy Clyro. He has occasionally done work as a DJ and musician on these albums as well.  - Nasir bin Olu Dara Jones (born September 14, 1973), better known by his stage name Nas , is an American hip hop recording artist, record producer, actor and entrepreneur. The son of jazz musician Olu Dara, Nas has released eight consecutive platinum and multi-platinum albums and has sold over 25 million records worldwide. He is also an entrepreneur through his own record label; he serves as associate publisher of "Mass Appeal" magazine and is the owner of a Fila sneaker store. He is currently signed to Mass Appeal Records.  - Biffy Clyro are a Scottish rock band that formed in Kilmarnock, East Ayrshire, composed of Simon Neil (guitar, lead vocals), James Johnston (bass, vocals) and Ben Johnston (drums, vocals). Currently signed to 14th Floor Records, they have released seven studio albums, four of which ("Puzzle", "Only Revolutions", "Opposites" and "Ellipsis)" reached the top five in the UK Albums Chart, with their sixth studio album, "Opposites" claiming their first UK number-one album. After their first three albums, the band expanded their following significantly in 2007 with the release of their fourth, "Puzzle", creating more mainstream songs with simpler rhythms and distancing themselves from the more unusual dissonant style that was present in their previous three albums. "Puzzle" peaked at number 2 on the official UK album charts on 16 June 2007. The album went Gold in the UK, selling over 100,000 units, and later in 2012 went Platinum in the UK, having sold over 300,000 copies.  - Kate Marie Nash (born 6 July 1987) is an English singer, songwriter, musician and actress. In the UK, her No. 2 hit "Foundations" (2007) was followed by the platinum-selling No. 1 album "Made of Bricks". She was named Best British Female Artist at the 2008 Brit Awards.  - A songwriter is an individual who writes the lyrics, melodies and chord progressions for songs, typically for a popular music genre such as rock or country music. A songwriter can also be called a composer, although the latter term tends to be used mainly for individuals from the classical music genre. The pressure from the music industry to produce popular hits means that songwriting is often an activity for which the tasks are distributed between a number of people. For example, a songwriter who excels at writing lyrics might be paired with a songwriter with a gift for creating original melodies. Pop songs may be written by group members from the band or by staff writers  songwriters directly employed by music publishers. Some songwriters serve as their own music publishers, while others have outside publishers.  - London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom, as well as the most populous city proper in the European Union. Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain, London has been a major settlement for two millennia. It was founded by the Romans, who named it "Londinium". London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its medieval boundaries. Since at least the 19th century, "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which today largely makes up Greater London, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.  - Bloc Party are an English indie rock band, currently composed of Kele Okereke (lead vocals, rhythm guitar, keyboards, sampler), Russell Lissack (lead guitar, keyboards), Justin Harris (bass guitar, keyboards, saxophones, backing vocals) and Louise Bartle (drums, percussion). Former members Matt Tong and Gordon Moakes left the band in 2013 and 2015 respectively. Their brand of music, whilst rooted in rock, retains elements of other genres such as electronica and house music. The band was formed at the 1999 Reading Festival by Okereke and Lissack. They went through a variety of names before settling on Bloc Party in 2003. Moakes joined the band after answering an advert in "NME" magazine, while Tong was picked via an audition. Bloc Party got their break by giving BBC Radio 1 DJ Steve Lamacq and Franz Ferdinand's lead singer, Alex Kapranos, a copy of their demo "She's Hearing Voices".  - Florence and the Machine (styled as Florence + the Machine) are an English indie rock band that formed in London in 2007, consisting of lead singer Florence Welch, keyboardist Isabella Summers, and a collaboration of other artists. The band's music received praise across the media, especially from the BBC, which played a large part in their rise to prominence by promoting Florence and the Machine as part of "BBC Introducing". At the 2009 Brit Awards they received the Brit Awards "Critics' Choice" award. The band's music is renowned for its dramatic and eccentric production and also Welch's powerful vocal performances.  - Maxïmo Park are an English alternative rock band, formed in 2000 in Newcastle upon Tyne. The band consists of Paul Smith (vocals), Duncan Lloyd (guitar), Lukas Wooller (keyboard) and Tom English (drums). The band have released five studio albums: "A Certain Trigger" (2005); "Our Earthly Pleasures" (2007), "Quicken The Heart" (2009), "The National Health" (2012) and "Too Much Information" (2014). A sixth, "Risk To Exist", is slated for April 2017. The first two albums went gold in the UK and their debut was nominated for the Mercury Prize.  - A Grammy Award (originally called Gramophone Award), or Grammy, is an honor awarded by The Recording Academy to recognize outstanding achievement in the mainly English-language music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards (television), the Tony Awards (stage performance), and the Academy Awards (motion pictures).  - Francis Edward "Frank" Turner (born 28 December 1981) is an English folk singer-songwriter from Meonstoke, Hampshire. He began his career as the vocalist of post-hardcore band Million Dead, then embarked upon a primarily acoustic-based solo career following the band's split in 2005. In the studio and during live performances, Turner is accompanied by his backing band, The Sleeping Souls, which consists of Ben Lloyd (guitar, mandolin), Tarrant Anderson (bass), Matt Nasir (piano) and Nigel Powell (drums).  - Coldplay are a British rock band formed in 1996 by lead vocalist and keyboardist Chris Martin and lead guitarist Jonny Buckland at University College London (UCL). After they formed under the name Pectoralz, Guy Berryman joined the group as bassist and they changed their name to Starfish. Will Champion joined as drummer and backing vocalist, completing the performing line-up. Creative Director Phil Harvey is often referred to as the official fifth member by the band. The band renamed themselves "Coldplay" in 1998, before recording and releasing three EPs: "Safety" in 1998, "Brothers & Sisters" as a single in 1999, and "The Blue Room" in the same year. "The Blue Room" was their first release on a major label, after signing to Parlophone.  - GfK Chart-Track is a market research company that monitors music, videos and software sales in the United Kingdom and Ireland and was formed in 1996. In July 2008, GfK took a majority stake in the company.  - Mary Epworth is a British singer and songwriter who makes music influenced by traditional English songs, 60s west coast psychedelia, and Greek progressive rock.  - The Brit Awards (sometimes stylised as the BRIT Awards; often simply called the Brits) are the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. The name was originally a shortened form of "British", "Britain" or "Britannia" (in the early days the awards were sponsored by Britannia Music Club), but subsequently became a backronym for British Record Industry Trusts Show. In addition, an equivalent awards ceremony for classical music, called the Classic Brit Awards, is held each May. Robbie Williams holds the record for the most Brit Awards, 13 as a solo artist and another five as part of Take That.   - The UK Singles Chart (currently entitled Official Singles Chart) is compiled by the Official Charts Company (OCC), on behalf of the British record industry, listing the top-selling singles in the United Kingdom, based upon physical sales, paid-for downloads and streaming. To be eligible for the chart, a single is currently defined by the Official Charts Company (OCC) as either a 'single bundle' having no more than four tracks and not lasting longer than 25 minutes or one digital audio track not longer than 15 minutes with a minimum sale price of 40 pence. The rules have changed many times as technology has developed, the most notable being the inclusion of digital downloads in 2005 and streaming in 2014.  - The 2009 Brit Awards ceremony took place on Wednesday 18 February 2009. It was the 29th edition of the British Phonographic Industry's annual pop music awards. The awards ceremony was held at Earls Court in London, and was broadcast live on ITV on 18 February at 8pm (GMT). Duffy became the first female artist to ever win three awards in the same year, and only Blur, in 1995, have ever won more awards at a single ceremony. The show was advertised as live by ITV but the broadcast included several audio deletions which means the show was shown on a time delay system. The 2009 Brit Awards ceremony was watched by 5.49 million people and was the 32nd most watched programme on TV on the week ending 22 February.  - Friendly Fires are an English indie rock band from St Albans, Hertfordshire, England. They are currently signed to XL Recordings. Their self-titled debut album was released on 1 September 2008 and was announced as one of the shortlisted twelve for the 2009 Mercury Prize on 21 July 2009.  - The Music Producers Guild (MPG) (UK) promotes and represents all individuals in the music production and recording professions. It is a professional organisation that embodies collective and individual creative contributions to the production and recording of all genres of music and media related activities. As a guild, the organization has no political party affiliation.  - Primal Scream are a British rock band originally formed in 1982 in Glasgow by Bobby Gillespie (vocals) and Jim Beattie. The current lineup consists of Gillespie, Andrew Innes (guitar), Martin Duffy (keyboards), Simone Butler (bass) and Darrin Mooney (drums). Barrie Cadogan has toured and recorded with the band since 2006 as a replacement after the departure of guitarist Robert "Throb" Young.  - Robyn Rihanna Fenty (born February 20, 1988) is a Barbadian singer and songwriter. Born in Saint Michael and raised in Bridgetown, she first entered the music industry by recording demo tapes under the direction of record producer Evan Rogers in 2003. She ultimately signed a recording contract with Def Jam Recordings after auditioning for its then-president, hip hop producer and rapper Jay Z. In 2005, Rihanna rose to fame with the release of her debut studio album "Music of the Sun" and its follow-up "A Girl like Me" (2006), which charted on the top 10 of the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and respectively produced the hit singles "Pon de Replay" and "SOS".  - The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe. Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, it includes the island of Great Britain (the name of which is also loosely applied to the whole country), the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of , the UK is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe. It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants. Together, this makes it the fourth most densely populated country in the European Union.  - `` Dominos '' is the first single from The Big Pink 's debut album A Brief History of Love . `` Dominos '' was released as a digital download and on 7 `` vinyl on September 7 , 2009 , a week before the release of the album . The song was co-produced by the band and record producer Paul Epworth , and mixed by Rich Costey ( who also produced the album ) . In their native United Kingdom , the song peaked on the UK Singles Chart at # 27 and # 10 on the Irish Singles Chart in the Republic of Ireland . The single 's B - side , '' She 's No Sense `` , features vocals from Florence Welch of Florence and the Machine . '' Dominos `` is The Big Pink 's fourth single , three having been released before their debut album throughout 2008 and 2009 . The song was remixed by Switch and made available as a free digital download track on the band 's website on 23 October 2009 . '' Dominos `` has also been featured in Xbox 360 television advertisements in the United Kingdom . In the United States , the song was used in a promo spot for Skins series 3 premiere on BBC America . The song was featured in the episode '' Let The Games Begin `` of 90210 . On Pitchfork Media 's end - of - the - year Top 100 Tracks of 2009 list , '' Dominos `` was voted in at # 18 . On 24 February 2010 , '' Dominos `` won Best Track of the Year at the NME Awards . In October 2011 , NME placed it at number 72 on its list '' 150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years `` . The song is heavily sampled on Nicki Minaj 's track '' Girls Fall Like Dominoes `` on her debut album Pink Friday .  - New Musical Express (NME) is a British music journalism magazine published since 1952. It was the first British paper to include a singles chart, in the edition of 14 November 1952. In the 1970s it became the best-selling British music newspaper. During the period 1972 to 1976, it was particularly associated with gonzo journalism, then became closely associated with punk rock through the writings of Julie Burchill, Paul Morley and Tony Parsons. It started as a music newspaper, and gradually moved toward a magazine format during the 1980s and 1990s, changing from newsprint in 1998.  - Jack Peñate (born 2 September 1984) is an English singer, songwriter, and musician.  - Paul Richard Epworth (born 25 July 1974 in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire) is an English music producer, musician, and songwriter. His production and writing credits include Adele, Rihanna, Florence and the Machine, Coldplay, Cee Lo Green, Foster the People, U2, John Legend, Lianne La Havas, Paul McCartney, Bruno Mars, Glass Animals, Plan B, Crystal Castles, Friendly Fires, Bloc Party, Annie, Chapel Club, Primal Scream, The Rapture, Jack Peñate, Kate Nash, and Maxïmo Park amongst many others. On 12 February 2012 at the 54th Grammy Awards, he won four Grammy Awards for Producer of the Year, Album of the Year (Adele's "21"), and Song of the Year and Record of the Year (for "Rolling in the Deep"). He won the Academy Award for Best Original Song alongside Adele, for "Skyfall". His sister Mary Epworth is a singer and songwriter. He is a member of the Music Producers Guild. He also has a record label, Wolf Tone, whose artists include Glass Animals, Rosie Lowe and Plaitum. He has won 'Producer of the Year' at the BRIT Awards three times, the most recent in 2015. He has been nominated for a Grammy at the 59th Grammy Awards for his work on Adele's record breaking album 25.  - The Official Charts Company (previously known as the Chart Information Network (CIN) The Official UK Charts Company and also referred to Official Charts) is a British inter-professional organisation that compiles various "official" record charts in the United Kingdom, including the UK Singles Chart, the UK Albums Chart, the UK Singles Downloads Chart and the UK Album Downloads Chart, as well as genre-specific and music video charts. The OCC produces its charts by gathering and combining sales data from retailers through market researchers Millward Brown, and claims to cover 99% of the singles market and 95% of the album market, and aims to collect data from any retailer who sells more than 100 chart items per week.  - 4AD is a British independent record label that was started in 1980 by Ivo Watts-Russell and Peter Kent, originally funded by Beggars Banquet.  - Indie rock is a genre of alternative rock that originated in the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1980s. Indie rock encapsulates indie pop and lo-fi, among others. Originally used to describe record labels, the term became associated with the music they produced and was initially used interchangeably with alternative rock. As grunge and punk revival bands in the US, and then Britpop bands in the UK, broke into the mainstream in the 1990s, it came to be used to identify those acts that retained an outsider and underground perspective. In the 2000s, as a result of changes in the music industry and the growing importance of the Internet, some indie rock acts began to enjoy commercial success, leading to questions about its meaningfulness as a term.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'record label' with the subject 'dominos '.  Choices: - 14th floor records  - 1982  - 1995  - 1996  - 4ad  - album  - bbc  - country music  - def jam recordings  - digital  - english  - european union  - festival  - label  - labels  - metropolis  - nas  - new musical express  - political party  - pop  - record  - service  - the beatles  - uk singles chart  - united kingdom  - xl recordings
A: