Article:

Ex-CIA Director David Petraeus, who was whisked clandestinely into private meetings with Congress on Friday to avoid reporters, expressed regret anew in an appearance that marked his first official business since he resigned in disgrace over an extramarital affair. 
  
 Former CIA Director Gen. David Petraeus, right, followed by security agents, enters his home in Arlington, Va., Friday, Nov. 16, 2012, after testifying on Capitol Hill before closed-door sessions of the... (Associated Press) 
  
 Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., speaks with reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington, Friday, Nov. 16, 2012, following the committee's close-door hearing where former CIA... (Associated Press) 
  
 Senate Intelligence Committee Chair Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. is surrounded by reporters after speaking, on Capitol Hill in Washington, Friday, Nov. 16, 2012, following a committee's closed-door... (Associated Press) 
  
 Senate Intelligence Committee member Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., speaks with reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington, Friday, Nov. 16, 2012 following the committee's closed-door hearing where former CIA... (Associated Press) 
  
 In ways befitting a spy, the former four-star general was sneaked into a secure room beneath the Capitol to escape a clamorous crowd of photographers and television cameras. After more than four hours, Petraeus left much the way he came and was seen departing in a two-vehicle motorcade. About 20 minutes later, The Associated Press photographed Petreaus entering his home _ one of the only public images of him since he resigned. 
  
 The scandal over Petraeus' affair with his biographer, Paula Broadwell, has preoccupied Washington, even as the possibility of war loomed in Israel and the U.S. government faced a market-rattling "fiscal cliff" that could imperil the economy. So far, the scandal has ensnared Petraeus; the top American commander in Afghanistan, Gen. John Allen; two Florida socialites; and a decorated FBI counterterrorism agent. 
  
 Across town, the White House acknowledged Friday that Jill Kelley, the Tampa socialite who inadvertently triggered the FBI investigation that uncovered Petraeus' affair, visited the Executive Mansion three times in the last three months with her sister, Natalie, twice eating in its mess. Kelley and her sister _ both are friends with Petraeus and Allen _ were guests of a mid-level White House aide, according to an Obama administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity because those visitor records have not yet been made public. Kelley and her family also received a tour of the mansion. 
  
 The White House also acknowledged that Broadwell visited there twice since 2009. 
  
 In his Capitol Hill appearances, Petraeus, who until last week was among America's most respected military leaders, discussed with the House and Senate intelligence committees the September attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya, which left four Americans dead. He did not discuss his adultery with Broadwell, except to say that he regretted his behavior and that his departure was unrelated to the deadly violence in Libya. The scandal has led to a new CIA internal investigation. 
  
 "He was very clear his resignation was tied solely to his personal behavior," said Sen. Mark Udall, D-Colo., a member of the Intelligence Committee. "He was apologetic and regretful but still Gen. Petraeus." 
  
 Unlike previous appearances at the Capitol, when Petraeus walked through the front door and greeted reporters, he was smuggled inside through a network of underground hallways. Police closed down entire corridors in the Capitol. Members of Congress said they made arrangements to spare Petraeus embarrassment and humiliation. Before the scandal, he famously cultivated personal relationships with journalists and served as the U.S. war commander in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
  
 Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., the chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, apologized to reporters and photographers for the stringent security. 
  
 "I know that's wrankling you," Feinstein said. "We didn't want to make it any more difficult for him. And you know, you people aren't always the easiest. So the blame is on us. Any waiting that you did, I apologize, but, you know, there's a lot of suffering going on." 
  
 Feinstein said no senators asked Petraeus about the affair. A congressional staffer who attended one of the closed briefings said talk about the sex scandal was off the table. 
  
 Petraeus, 60, publicly acknowledged last week that he had cheated on his wife of 38 years with Broadwell, 40. 
  
 It wasn't until Oct. 26 that Petraeus acknowledged the affair to FBI agents, during their second interview of him, a federal law enforcement official disclosed Friday. The official was not authorized to speak on the record about the ongoing case and requested anonymity for that reason. 
  
 The Joint Chiefs of Staff are expected to meet next week to discuss the recent stumbles of two of the military's top generals, said Adm. Jonathan Greenert, chief of U.S. Naval Operations. The joint chiefs want to review ethics, accountability and behavioral issues and determine whether senior officials are living up to the military's standards, Greenert said Friday at the National Press Club. 
  
 The FBI began investigating the case against Broadwell last summer but didn't notify the White House or Congress until after the election. 
  
 In the investigation, the FBI uncovered flirtatious emails between Allen and Kelley, both of them married. On Friday, two U.S. officials said investigators have found just a handful of the emails between Allen and Kelley to be potentially problematic. They said investigators determined the vast majority of the 20,000-plus pages of documents were routine. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the ongoing investigation. 
  
 President Barack Obama has put a promotion nomination for Allen on hold. 
  
 Kelley's emails triggered the eventual downfall of Petraeus and placed others under scrutiny. Kelley knew Petraeus and Allen from the Tampa social scene when they were stationed at nearby MacDill Air Force Base. It was there that the mid-level White House aide who hosted her at the Executive Mansion met her, said the White House official. 
  
 Broadwell attended two meetings in the White House's executive office building. In 2009 she met with a member of Obama's national security staff and in June 2011 she joined about 20 people for a briefing on Afghanistan and Pakistan policy, the official said. The 2011 meeting was just a few hours before Obama gave a prime-time speech about withdrawing troops from Iraq. 
  
 Petraeus, in his first media interview since he resigned, told CNN this week that he had never given classified information to Broadwell. She has said she didn't receive such material from Petraeus. 
  
 But the FBI found a substantial number of classified documents on Broadwell's computer and in her home, according to the law enforcement official, and is investigating how she got them. The Army has now suspended her security clearance. 
  
 The official outlined new details Friday of the timing of the FBI investigation that showed that agents spent the summer making certain that no one had hacked into Petraeus' computers to track his movements _ a potential national security vulnerability raised by some of the first emails they saw in the case. They also used the summer to rule out any possibility he somehow participated in harassing Kelley by email. 
  
 After that, in early fall, Broadwell was interviewed by the FBI and agents searched her computers and found substantial amounts of classified documents, the law enforcement official said. The focus of the investigation shifted and agents spent most of October working with the Pentagon to determine where she got the documents, their significance and her right to have them. 
  
 The CIA on Thursday opened an exploratory investigation into Petraeus' conduct. The inquiry "doesn't presuppose any particular outcome," said CIA spokesman Preston Golson. At the same time, Army officials say that, at this point, there is no appetite for recalling Petraeus to active duty to pursue any adultery charges against him. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Nedra Pickler, Larry Margasak, Adam Goldman, Jim Kuhnhenn, Lolita C. Baldor, Pete Yost, Donna Cassata, Henry C. Jackson and Robert Burns contributed to this report. ||||| WASHINGTON — David H. Petraeus , the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency, told lawmakers on Friday that classified intelligence reports revealed that the deadly assault on the American diplomatic mission in Libya was a terrorist attack, but that the administration refrained from saying it suspected that the perpetrators of the attack were Al Qaeda affiliates and sympathizers to avoid tipping off the groups. 
  
 Mr. Petraeus, who resigned last week after admitting to an extramarital affair, said the names of groups suspected in the attack — including Al Qaeda’s franchise in North Africa and a local Libyan group, Ansar al-Shariah — were removed from the public explanation of the attack immediately after the assault to avoiding alerting the militants that American intelligence and law enforcement agencies were tracking them, lawmakers said. 
  
 In his first public appearance since he resigned last week, Mr. Petraeus testified before the House and Senate Intelligence Committees in back-to-back closed-door hearings as lawmakers from both parties continued to wrestle with questions about the Obama administration’s handling of the Sept. 11 attacks in Benghazi that killed Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans and why its public portrayal conflicted with the intelligence agencies’ classified assessments. 
  
 “They knew right away that there were terrorists involved in the operation,” said Representative C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee. 
  
 During his testimony, Mr. Petraeus expressed regret for his affair. Lawmakers did not ask him about it. In addition to what the administration knew about assailants, they focused their questions on possible security lapses at the diplomatic compound in Benghazi, particularly given a spate of attacks this year in Benghazi against the American Mission, the British ambassador’s convoy and the Red Cross. 
  
 State Department officials have said five diplomatic security officers were at the mission on Sept. 11, including two traveling with Mr. Stevens. They were initially up against more than 50 fighters, armed with automatic rifles and rocket-propelled grenades, who easily breached the compound and set fire to it. 
  
 Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said Mr. Petraeus’s testimony showed that “clearly the security measures were inadequate despite an overwhelming and growing amount of information that showed the area in Benghazi was dangerous, particularly on the night of Sept. 11.” 
  
 But many of the questions from lawmakers dealt with how the intelligence services and the administration over all responded to a request from the House committee for unclassified talking points about what happened, in advance of a closed briefing by Mr. Petraeus on Sept. 14, three days after the attack. 
  
 The issue took on added resonance after Republicans criticized the ambassador to the United Nations, Susan E. Rice, for suggesting on Sunday talk shows five days after the assault that the siege in Benghazi was a spontaneous protest rather than an opportunistic terrorist attack. 
  
 Democrats leapt to Ms. Rice’s defense on Friday, saying she was simply following the unclassified talking points provided to her. “I really think Ambassador Rice is being treated unfairly,” said Senator Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat who leads the Intelligence Committee. 
  
 The talking points initially drafted by the C.I.A. attributed the attack to fighters with Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, the organization’s North Africa franchise, and Ansar al-Shariah, a Libyan group, some of whose members have Al Qaeda ties. 
  
 Mr. Petraeus and other top C.I.A. officials signed off on the draft and then circulated it to other intelligence agencies, as well as the State Department and National Security Council. 
  
 At some point in the process — Mr. Petraeus told lawmakers he was not sure where — objections were raised to naming the groups, and the less specific word “extremists” was substituted. ||||| Former CIA Director David Petraeus testified Friday that the CIA believes the Benghazi attacks were conducted by terrorists, not a spontaneous demonstration, according to lawmakers who provided accounts of the closed hearing before Congress. 
  
 Appearing on Capitol Hill for the first time since the scandal that ended his career at the intelligence agency, Petraeus tried to explain the discrepancy in Obama administration officials’ initial public statements about the cause of the attacks. 
  
 Text Size - 
  
 + 
  
 reset King: Petraeus believes 'clear terrorist involvement' King: Petraeus scandal made questioning 'tough,' awkward Ruppersberger defends first Benghazi report, Petraeus 
  
 (PHOTOS: General David Petraeus' career) 
  
 “Now, he clearly believes that it did not arise out of a demonstration,” said Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) “It was not spontaneous, and [there was] clear terrorist involvement.” 
  
 Petraeus discussed early on his affair with Paula Broadwell, according to lawmakers. He said the controversy over what happened in Benghazi is a matter completely separate from the dalliance that caused him to resign. He also said he regretted the circumstances of his resignation, according to lawmakers. 
  
 “We made clear at the start that that would not be the focus of his questioning,” said King. “I would say 10 seconds into it, that was off to the side.” 
  
 (Also on POLITICO: No perfect choice to replace Petraeus) 
  
 King also said the original talking points put out by the CIA to explain the attack differed from the final version of the story. 
  
 “The original talking points were much more specific about Al Qaeda involvement,” King said, later adding that Petraeus didn’t know why the references to Al Qaeda were removed from the final version. 
  
 Rep. Jim Langevin (D-R.I.) said the confusion over terrorist attacks vs. demonstrations at Benghazi might be chalked up to the difference between classified and unclassified talking points. 
  
 “There may have been confusion with the unclassified talking points. … Perhaps there’s greater clarity in the classified talking points,” Langevin told reporters. “There were perhaps some subtleties that were used that may have been understood by some to mean one thing, where others may have had a different understanding of words — for example, ‘extremist’ versus ‘terrorist.’” 
  
 Petraeus told lawmakers the CIA believed it to be a terrorist attack from the beginning, King said. 
  
 “I told him in my questions that I had a very different recollection of that,” said King , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee and a member of the Intelligence Committee. “The clear impression was given was that the overwhelming amount of evidence was that it rose out of a spontaneous demonstration and it was not a terrorist attack.” 
  
 That account differed from that of Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.), who said Petraeus “reinforced” the belief among CIA officials in the 24 hours after the attack that it was the result of the demonstration. 
  
 “He clarified that after more information came in, that it was not a protest,” Ruppersberger told reporters. 
  
 Rep. Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), another Intellligence Committee member who heard from Petraeus, backed up Ruppersberger’s view of Petraeus’s testimony. 
  
 ”It was clear that initially that he thought that this was spontaneous, that extremist groups or indivduals may have capitalized on this situation to attack the temporary facility,” Schiff said in a phone interview with POLITICO. ||||| WASHINGTON—Former Central Intelligence Agency Director David Petraeus said Friday that he told Congress from the earliest days that there was "significant terrorist involvement" in the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. consulate in Libya—adding to the controversy over the administration's handling of the attack. 
  
 Mr. Petraeus, who resigned last week after acknowledging an extramarital affair, went to Congress on Friday to defend his old agency's role in the response to the Benghazi, Libya, attack. In his closed-door testimony, he said that, in secret briefings with lawmakers soon after the attack, he had apprised them of the likely involvement of a local militant group, Ansar al-Sharia, said Rep. Peter King (R., N.Y.), describing his comments. 
  
 Enlarge Image Close Bloomberg News Rep. Peter King disputed how strongly ex-CIA chief Petraeus tied the Benghazi cousulate attack to terrorism. 
  
 Those comments rekindled debate about the intelligence community's initial assessments that the attack was a terrorist strike, and whether the Obama administration resisted calling it a terrorist act for political reasons. 
  
 The controversy also was extended when some lawmakers said they had a different recollection of Mr. Petraeus's earlier comments. Rep. King, who described Mr. Petraeus's Friday testimony, said his recollection of his earlier conversations was different. 
  
 "He said today that, at the time, he was emphasizing the role of Ansar al-Sharia. But at the time, my recollection is that he was minimizing the role of Ansar al-Sharia,'' Mr. King told reporters, referring to a local militant group sympathetic to al Qaeda. 
  
 Key Facts in the Petraeus Scandal See a guide to the players and a timeline of the scandal that led Gen. David Petraeus to resign. View Graphics 
  
 Mr. Petraeus spoke behind closed doors Friday in long-awaited meetings with House and Senate intelligence committee members. The Libya attack claimed the lives of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. 
  
 Mr. Petraeus's Friday testimony, as outlined by lawmakers who were present, was generally consistent with how U.S. officials have described the shifting intelligence assessments of the consulate assault in interviews dating back to the days after it occurred. Still, his appearance and testimony this week by top U.S. intelligence and law-enforcement officials haven't blunted questions about the use of intelligence or about the administration's explanations. 
  
 Enlarge Image Close Agence France-Presse/Getty Images Former Central Intelligence Agency Director David Petraeus, shown in 2011 at a retirement tribute, met with lawmakers Friday to offer his assessment of the attack on the U.S. consulate in Libya. 
  
 For instance, Mr. King and House Democrats clashed over whether Mr. Petraeus said Friday that there had been changes in CIA "talking points" designed to play down the role of terrorists. 
  
 Republicans charge the Obama administration resisted conclusions that the assault was the product of a terrorist attack for more than a week so it could avoid explaining, during a heated presidential campaign, how militants with ties to al Qaeda struck a U.S. facility on the anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. CIA talking points used by the White House said the attack grew out of a protest against an anti-Islamic video. 
  
 Top economist Alice Rivlin says the image of the U.S. will take a hammering if it's unable to avoid the fiscal cliff. WSJ reporters bring the latest on how close Congress is to a deal and assess the fallout of the scandal engulfing David Petraeus. 
  
 A CIA analysis prepared the morning after the attack said that the attack appeared intentional and didn't appear to stem from a peaceful protest, according to a senior U.S. official. Analysis that day also mentioned the possibility of connections to an al Qaeda affiliate. 
  
 However, that information about specific groups involved came from classified sources the subject of debate among intelligence officials, so it was left out of unclassified talking points. 
  
 The CIA began receiving new information Sept. 15 that cast doubt about the protest, but the assessment wasn't immediately changed. On Sept. 16, United Nations Ambassador Susan Rice in a series of television interviews cited the official assessment as outlined in talking points. The CIA maintained its assessment until Sept. 20, when intelligence officials told counterparts at the White House that it had changed, according to senior U.S. officials 
  
 The talking points used by Ms. Rice were developed by the CIA from the classified reports, in response to a request from Congress, U.S. officials have said. 
  
 While the early classified reports mentioned the possible involvement of Ansar al-Sharia, the talking points developed for public use didn't. 
  
 WSJ reporters in Washington discuss the week's two big stories: the negotiations to find a deficit deal to avoid the looming fiscal cliff and the David Petraeus scandal that has engulfed the American intelligence community. 
  
 Mr. King said Congress needed to do more probing to try to determine who specifically decided to alter the references to terrorists in the earlier draft. 
  
 However, a senior U.S. official familiar with the drafting of the talking points said the name of specific groups and their ties with al Qaeda were omitted in part because that information came from classified sources that needed to be protected. 
  
 The intelligence linking the militant groups also were "tenuous," the official said. 
  
 "The points were reviewed by CIA leadership and coordinated in the interagency at a senior level," the official said, referring to the process by which the government's various intelligence agencies coordinate their findings. "The points were not, as has been insinuated by some, edited to minimize the role of extremists, diminish terrorist affiliations or play down that this was an attack." 
  
 The official said the talking points contained the word "extremists," which was intended to convey the presence of militants or possible terrorists, and Ms. Rice used the term extremists in television appearances. Republicans have criticized the administration's refusal to refer to the specific involvement of terrorists, rather than extremists. 
  
 "The controversy this word choice caused came as a surprise," the official said. 
  
 Mr. Petraeus's appearance Friday took on its own cloak-and-dagger feel, as the former CIA director navigated his way to the hearings through underground tunnels to avoid being mobbed by reporters. He hasn't made a public appearance since resigning after acknowledging an affair with his biographer, Paula Broadwell. 
  
 Democrats said the discussions with Mr. Petraeus made clear there had been no political interference with intelligence reports or talking points. 
  
 "He thoroughly debunked the idea that there was some White House tinting or shading to this," said Rep. Adam Schiff (D., Calif.), a member of the House intelligence panel. 
  
 Sen. Saxby Chambliss, the top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said questions remained to be answered about the talking points used by Ms. Rice. He said he realized the Sept. 11 assault was an act of terrorism from the start. 
  
 "There was no question in the mind of anybody that this was an act of terrorism from the get-go," Sen. Chambliss said. 
  
 Many lawmakers praised Mr. Petraeus, a retired Army general who resigned in the wake of a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe that uncovered his extramarital affair. Lawmakers said Mr. Petraeus told them the probe hadn't influenced his statements or the inquiry into the consulate attack. 
  
 Write to Siobhan Gorman at siobhan.gorman@wsj.com and Devlin Barrett at devlin.barrett@wsj.com |||||
What is a summary?