Please answer the following question: Information:  - Alcoholism, also known as alcohol use disorder (AUD), is a broad term for any drinking of alcohol that results in problems. It was previously divided into two types: alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence. In a medical context, alcoholism is said to exist when two or more of the following conditions is present: a person drinks large amounts over a long time period, has difficulty cutting down, acquiring and drinking alcohol takes up a great deal of time, alcohol is strongly desired, usage results in not fulfilling responsibilities, usage results in social problems, usage results in health problems, usage results in risky situations, withdrawal occurs when stopping, and alcohol tolerance has occurred with use. Risky situations include drinking and driving or having unsafe sex among others. Alcohol use can affect all parts of the body but particularly affects the brain, heart, liver, pancreas, and immune system. This can result in mental illness, WernickeKorsakoff syndrome, an irregular heart beat, liver failure, and an increase in the risk of cancer, among other diseases. Drinking during pregnancy can cause damage to the baby resulting in fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. Generally women are more sensitive to alcohol's harmful physical and mental effects than men. Both environmental factors and genetics are associated with alcoholism with about half the risk attributed to each. A person with a parent or sibling with alcoholism is three to four times more likely to be alcoholic themselves. Environmental factors include social, cultural, and behavioral influences. High stress levels, anxiety, as well as inexpensive easily accessible alcohol increases risk. People may continue to drink partly to prevent or improve symptoms of withdrawal. A low level of withdrawal may last for months following stopping. Medically, alcoholism is considered both a physical and mental illness. Both questionnaires and certain blood tests may detect people with possible alcoholism. Further information is then collected to confirm the...  - The Downward Spiral is the second studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on March 8, 1994 by Nothing Records and Interscope Records in the United States and by Island Records in Europe. It is a concept album detailing the destruction of a man from the beginning of his "downward spiral" to his attempt at suicide. "The Downward Spiral" features elements of industrial rock, techno and heavy metal music, in contrast to the band's synthpop-influenced debut album "Pretty Hate Machine" (1989), and was produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and Flood.  - With Teeth (stylized as [WITH_TEETH]) is the fourth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on May 3, 2005 by Nothing Records and Interscope Records. The album was produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and long-time collaborator Alan Moulder. Reznor has indicated that the album is influenced by his battle with and recovery from alcoholism and substance abuse.  - Interscope Records is an American record company. A division of Interscope Geffen A&M Records, its parent company is the Universal Music Group, a subsidiary of Vivendi S.A.  - A near-death experience (NDE) is a personal experience associated with death or impending death. Such experiences may encompass a variety of sensations including detachment from the body, feelings of levitation, total serenity, security, warmth, the experience of absolute dissolution, and the presence of a light.  - Becoming X is the debut album from Sneaker Pimps released in 1996. The album was successful in the United Kingdom, while "6 Underground" and "Spin Spin Sugar" would become hits in the US.  - Columbia Records (also known simply as Columbia) is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment (SME), a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America, Inc., the United States division of Sony Corporation. It was founded in 1887, evolving from an earlier enterprise named the American Graphophone Company, the successor to the Volta Graphophone Company. Columbia is the oldest surviving brand name in the recorded sound business, being the second major record company to produce recorded records. Columbia Records went on to release records by an array of notable singers, instrumentalists, and bands. From 1961 to 1990, its recordings were released outside the U.S. and Canada by the CBS Records label (which was named after the Columbia Broadcasting System) to avoid confusion with the EMI label of the same name, before adopting the Columbia name internationally in 1990. It is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels alongside RCA Records and Epic Records.  - Cleveland is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Cuyahoga County, the most populous county in the state. The city is located on the southern shore of Lake Erie, approximately west of the Pennsylvania border. It was founded in 1796 near the mouth of the Cuyahoga River, and became a manufacturing center owing to its location on the lake shore, as well as being connected to numerous canals and railroad lines. Cleveland's economy has diversified sectors that include manufacturing, financial services, healthcare, and biomedical. Cleveland is also home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.  - Tom Tykwer (born 23 May 1965) is a German film director, producer, screenwriter, and composer. He is best known internationally for directing the thrillers "Run Lola Run" (1998), "Heaven" (2002), and "" (2006), and the action thriller "The International" (2009). He collaborated with The Wachowskis as co-director in the science fiction film "Cloud Atlas" (2012) and the Netflix series "Sense8" (2015present).  - A Grammy Award (originally called Gramophone Award), or Grammy, is an honor awarded by The Recording Academy to recognize outstanding achievement in the mainly English-language music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards (television), the Tony Awards (stage performance), and the Academy Awards (motion pictures).  - The Beastie Boys were an American hip hop group from New York City, formed in 1980. For the majority of their career, the group consisted of Michael "Mike D" Diamond (vocals, drums), Adam "MCA" Yauch (vocals, bass) and Adam "Ad-Rock" Horovitz (vocals, guitar).  - Electronic music is music that employs electronic musical instruments and electronic music technology in its production, an electronic musician being a musician who composes and/or performs such music. In general, a distinction can be made between sound produced using electromechanical means and that produced using electronic technology. Examples of electromechanical sound producing devices include the telharmonium, Hammond organ, and the electric guitar. Purely electronic sound production can be achieved using devices such as the theremin, sound synthesizer, and computer.  - 12 Rounds is a British rock band formed by Atticus Ross and singer Claudia Sarne , who are married . After the release of their first album , Jitter Juice , they toured with the Sneaker Pimps . 12 Rounds played the Reading Festival in 1996 . Their song `` Something 's Burning '' was featured on the soundtrack to the 1997 film All Over Me , and `` Just Another Day , '' their collaboration with Pale 3 , was featured on the soundtrack to the 2000 film The Princess and the Warrior . The group released a few projects under various record labels before releasing My Big Hero under Trent Reznor 's Nothing Records . They were the opening act on Marilyn Manson 's Mechanical Animals promo tour that ranged from September to December 1998 . A follow - up album was recorded with Reznor as producer ; it remains unreleased . Ross has nonetheless worked with Reznor on every Nine Inch Nails album since With Teeth as well as other projects . 12 Rounds re-obtained rights to songs from the unreleased third album and plan on releasing singles on their official website . The first song released is titled `` Shine On . ''  - The Princess and the Warrior (literally "The Warrior and the Empress") is a 2000 German drama film written and directed by Tom Tykwer with Franka Potente, star of his previous movie "Run Lola Run" ("Lola rennt"), in a leading role. It follows the life of Sissi, a psychiatric hospital nurse who, after a near-death experience, enters into a relationship with Bodo (Benno Fürmann), an anguished former soldier who lapses into criminality.  - John A. Malm Jr. is the former manager of Trent Reznor and his band Nine Inch Nails. He was also a co-founder, along with Reznor, of Nothing Records. Early career and collaboration with Trent Reznor. Malm grew up in Cleveland and completed a degree at Denison University in Mass Media Communications, with a minor in film. During this time, he managed his university radio station. He knew at an early age that he wanted to work in the music industry. He was inspired to aim towards artist management after meeting Todd Rundgren's manager, Eric Gardner, to organise an interview for his radio station. After graduation, Malm worked in his family's machine equipment business by day and by night was a part-time promoter of local music acts, including the Exotic Birds, Lucky Pierre and System 56. He left the family business to manage the Birds full-time, in which Reznor was a "bit player". Malm quit in 1987 due to differences in artistic direction, and Reznor also quit shortly afterward. He took on Reznor as his client informally, without a written contract, after hearing some of Reznor's demo work that the latter had recorded independently at Right Track Studio.  - Pretty Hate Machine is the debut studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on October 20, 1989 by TVT Records in the United States, Island Records in Europe and by Interscope Records and Atlantic Records internationally. The album is compiled of reworked tracks from the band's "Purest Feeling" demo, as well as songs composed after its original recording. Although it was critically and commercially successful (especially for an independent label), Trent Reznor (Nine Inch Nails' only constant band member) feuded with TVT Records during the album's promotion. "Slant Magazine" placed the album at number 50 on its list of the "Best Albums of the 1980s", commenting, "before attempting suicide in "The Downward Spiral" and living with the wrist scars in "The Fragile", "Pretty Hate Machine" sent out sleek, danceable warning shots".  - Michael Trent Reznor (born May 17, 1965), known professionally as Trent Reznor, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, record producer, and film score composer. As a vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, he is best known as the founder and principal songwriter of industrial rock project Nine Inch Nails. His first release under this pseudonym, the 1989 album "Pretty Hate Machine", was a commercial and critical success. He has since released eight studio albums. He left Interscope Records in 2007 and was an independent recording artist until signing with Columbia Records in 2012.  - Nine Inch Nails (abbreviated as NIN and stylized as NI) is an American industrial rock band founded in 1988 by Trent Reznor in Cleveland, Ohio. The band released two influential albums during the 1990s  "The Downward Spiral" (1994) and "The Fragile" (1999) and has record sales exceeding over 20 million copies worldwide, with 10 million sales certified in the United States alone.  - Antichrist Superstar is the second studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson, released on October 8, 1996 by Nothing and Interscope Records. The album debuted at number three on the "Billboard" 200 which launched the band into mainstream success. This, allied with the band's uncompromisingly anti-Christian stance and transgressive performances, led to picketing and numerous protests from religious and civic groups. The album displayed a more musically cohesive and developed sound than any of their previous releases. According to "Rolling Stone" magazine, the album's release marked the end of the grunge era in popular music.  - The Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media (and its many previous names) has been awarded since 1960. Until 2001, the award was presented to the composer of the music alone. From 2001 to 2006, the producer and engineers shared in this award. In 2007, the award reverted to a composer-only award.  - "6 Underground" is a song by the English band Sneaker Pimps, from their 1996 studio album "Becoming X".  - Trip hop is a subgenre of electronic music that originated in the early 1990s in the United Kingdom, especially Bristol. Deriving from later idioms of acid house, the term was first used by the British music media and press as a way to describe the more experimental variant of breakbeat emerging from the Bristol Sound scene, which contained influences of soul, funk and jazz. It has been described as "Europe's alternative choice in the second half of the '90s", and "a fusion of hip hop and electronica until neither genre is recognisable". Trip hop music fuses several styles and has much in common with other genres; it has several qualities similar to ambient music, and its drum-based breakdowns share characteristics with hip hop. It also contains elements of R&B, dub and house, as well as other electronic music. Trip hop can be highly experimental.  - Mechanical Animals is the third studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson, released on September 14, 1998 by Nothing and Interscope Records. The album marked a major shift from the industrial and alternative metal styles of the band's earlier efforts, into an experimentation with 1970s glam rock. As their first release following the success of their breakthrough album, 1996's "Antichrist Superstar", "Mechanical Animals" themes primarily deals with the trappings of fame and drug abuse.  - A vanity label (see related topic on vanity press) is an informal name given sometimes to a record label founded as a wholly or partially owned subsidiary of another, larger and better established (at least at the time of the vanity label's founding) record label, where the subsidiary label is (at least nominally) controlled by a successful recording artist, designed to allow this artist to release music by other artists they admire. The parent label handles the production and distribution and funding of the vanity label, but the album is usually released with the vanity label brand name prominent. Usually, the artist/head of the vanity label is signed to the parent label, and this artist's own recordings will be released under the vanity label's brand name. Creating a vanity label can be an attractive idea for the parent label primarily as a "perk" to keep a successful artist on the label's roster happy and a venue to bring fellow artists to the public's attention.  - Run Lola Run (literally "Lola runs") is a 1998 German thriller film written and directed by Tom Tykwer, and starring Franka Potente as Lola and Moritz Bleibtreu as Manni. The story follows a woman who needs to obtain 100,000 Deutsche Mark in twenty minutes to save her boyfriend's life. The film's three scenarios are reminiscent of the 1981 Krzysztof Kielowski film "Blind Chance"; following Kielowski's death, Tykwer directed his planned film "Heaven".  - Franka Potente (born 22 July 1974) is a German actress and singer. She first appeared in the comedy "After Five in the Forest Primeval" (1995), for which she won a Bavarian Film Award for Best Young Actress. Her breakthrough came in 1998, when she had the leading role in the acclaimed action thriller "Lola rennt" (released in English as "Run Lola Run"). Potente received Germany's highest film and television awards for her performances in "Run Lola Run" and the television film "Opernball". After half a decade of critically acclaimed roles in German films, Potente went on to land the role of Barbara Buckley in "Blow" (2001), and Jason Bourne's love interest in the "Bourne" film series.  - Nothing Records was an American record label specializing in industrial rock and electronic music, founded by John Malm Jr. and Trent Reznor in 1992. It is considered an example of a vanity label, where an artist is able to run a label with some degree of independence from within a larger parent companyin this case, Interscope Records was the parent company.  - Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder. Widely differing definitions of drug abuse are used in public health, medical and criminal justice contexts. In some cases criminal or anti-social behavior occurs when the person is under the influence of a drug, and long term personality changes in individuals may occur as well. In addition to possible physical, social, and psychological harm, use of some drugs may also lead to criminal penalties, although these vary widely depending on the local jurisdiction. Drugs most often associated with this term include: alcohol, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, cannabis, cocaine, methaqualone, opioids and substituted amphetamines. The exact cause of substance abuse is not clear, with theories including one of two: either a genetic disposition which is learned from others, or a habit which if addiction develops, it manifests itself as a chronic debilitating disease. In 2010 about 5% of people (230 million) used an illicit substance. Of these 27 million have high-risk drug use otherwise known as recurrent drug use causing harm to their health, psychological problems, or social problems or puts them at risk of those dangers. In 2013 drug use disorders resulted in 127,000 deaths up from 53,000 in 1990. The highest number of deaths are from opioid use disorders at 51,000. Cocaine use disorder resulted in 4,300 deaths and amphetamine use disorder resulted in 3,800 deaths. Alcohol use disorders resulted in an additional 139,000 deaths.  - Industrial rock is a musical genre that fuses industrial music and specific rock subgenres, not to be confused with industrial metal. The early fusions of industrial music and rock were practiced by a handful of post-punk groups, including Chrome, Killing Joke, Swans, Foetus, and Big Black. Artists such as Nine Inch Nails and Marilyn Manson propelled the genre to mainstream status.  - The Social Network is a 2010 American drama film directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin. Adapted from Ben Mezrich's 2009 book "The Accidental Billionaires: The Founding of Facebook, A Tale of Sex, Money, Genius, and Betrayal", the film portrays the founding of social networking website Facebook and the resulting lawsuits. It stars Jesse Eisenberg as founder Mark Zuckerberg, along with Andrew Garfield as Eduardo Saverin and Justin Timberlake as Sean Parker, the other principals involved in the website's creation. Armie Hammer, Max Minghella, Josh Pence, Brenda Song, and Rashida Jones also star. Neither Zuckerberg nor any other Facebook staff were involved with the project, although Saverin was a consultant for Mezrich's book. The film was released in the United States by Columbia Pictures on October 1, 2010.  - Sneaker Pimps are a British trip hop band formed in Hartlepool, England, in 1994. They are best known for their first album, "Becoming X" (1996), and the singles "6 Underground" and "Spin Spin Sugar". They took their name from an article the Beastie Boys published in their "Grand Royal" magazine about a man they hired to track down classic sneakers.  - Brian Hugh Warner (born January 5, 1969), better known by his stage name Marilyn Manson, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, composer, actor, painter, author and former music journalist. He is known for his controversial stage personality and image as the lead singer of the band Marilyn Manson, which he co-founded with Daisy Berkowitz and of which he remains the only constant member. His stage name was formed by juxtaposing the names of two opposing American pop cultural icons; actress Marilyn Monroe and cult leader Charles Manson.  - Alternative metal (also known as alt-metal) is a rock music genre that infuses heavy metal with influences from alternative rock and other genres not normally associated with metal. Alternative metal bands are often characterized by heavily downtuned, mid-paced guitar riffs, a mixture of accessible melodic vocals and harsh vocals and sometimes unconventional sounds within other heavy metal styles. The term has been in use since the 1980s, although it came into prominence in the 1990s.   - Atticus Matthew Cowper Ross (born 16 January 1968) is an English musician, songwriter, record producer, and audio engineer. Along with Trent Reznor, Ross won the Academy Award for Best Original Score for "The Social Network" in 2010. In 2013, the pair won a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media for their soundtrack to "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo". In 2016, Ross became an official member of Reznor's band Nine Inch Nails.  - England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. It shares land borders with Scotland to the north and Wales to the west. The Irish Sea lies northwest of England and the Celtic Sea lies to the southwest. England is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south. The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain (which lies in the North Atlantic) in its centre and south; and includes over 100 smaller islands such as the Isles of Scilly, and the Isle of Wight.  - Glam rock (also known as glitter rock) is a style of rock and pop music that developed in the United Kingdom in the early 1970s performed by musicians who wore outrageous costumes, makeup, and hairstyles, particularly platform shoes and glitter. Glam artists drew on diverse sources ranging from bubblegum pop and '50s rock and roll to cabaret theatrics, science fiction, and complex art rock. The flamboyant clothing and visual styles of performers were often camp or androgynous, and have been described as playing with nontraditional gender roles.  - A record label or record company is a brand or trademark associated with the marketing of music recordings and music videos. Often, a record label is also a publishing company that manages such brands and trademarks, coordinates the production, manufacture, distribution, marketing, promotion, and enforcement of copyright for sound recordings and music videos; conducts talent scouting and development of new artists ("artists and repertoire" or "A&R"); and maintains contracts with recording artists and their managers. The term "record label" derives from the circular label in the center of a vinyl record which prominently displays the manufacturer's name, along with other information.  - Benjamin "Benno" Fürmann (born 17 January 1972) is a German film and television actor.  - "Spin Spin Sugar" is a 1997 single released by Sneaker Pimps from their 1996 debut album "Becoming X". The album version is in true Sneaker Pimps style and format. There is a driving bass line produced by a synthesizer keyboard. As the bass drives, there is a second synth loop playing above. The track continues for approximately 3 minutes and 31 seconds. The song was featured in "The Girl Next Door" soundtrack in its radio edit form. A music video was made for the radio edit version and features the band mates in what appears to be a highly colorized motel room, with many references to the film "Psycho".     After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to '12 rounds' with the relationship of 'genre'.  Choices: - acid house  - action  - action thriller  - album  - alternative metal  - alternative rock  - ambient music  - article  - book  - breakbeat  - comedy  - concept album  - country  - dragon  - drama  - drama film  - dub  - economy  - electronica  - fiction film  - film score  - funk  - grunge  - health  - hip hop  - industrial music  - information  - interview  - magazine  - management  - march  - marketing  - mass  - music  - music video  - musical  - public health  - radio  - rock  - rock and roll  - science fiction  - science fiction film  - song  - soundtrack  - synthpop  - tale  - television  - thriller  - thriller film  - trip hop  - variety  - will
Answer: