Information:  - Dream Theater is an American progressive metal band formed in 1985 under the name Majesty by John Petrucci, John Myung, and Mike Portnoy while they attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. They subsequently dropped out of their studies to concentrate further on the band that would ultimately become Dream Theater. Though a number of lineup changes followed, the three original members remained together along with James LaBrie and Jordan Rudess until September 8, 2010, when Portnoy left the band. In October 2010, the band held auditions for a drummer to replace Portnoy. Mike Mangini was announced as the new permanent drummer on April 29, 2011.  - Satan ("satan", meaning "enemy" or "adversary"; "shaitan", meaning; "astray", "distant", or sometimes "devil") is a figure appearing in the texts of the Abrahamic religions who brings evil and temptation, and is known as the deceiver who leads humanity astray. Some religious groups teach that he originated as an angel, or something of the like, who used to possess great piety and beauty, but fell because of hubris, seducing humanity into the ways of falsehood and sin, and has power in the fallen world. In the Hebrew Bible and the New Testament, Satan is primarily an accuser and adversary, a decidedly malevolent entity, also called the devil, who possesses abhorrent qualities. Although Satan is generally viewed as having negative characteristics, some groups have very different beliefs. In Theistic Satanism, Satan is considered a deity who is either worshipped or revered. In LaVeyan Satanism, "Satan" is a symbol of virtuous characteristics and liberty.  - Reign in Blood is the third studio album and the major-label debut by American thrash metal band Slayer. It was released on October 7, 1986, by Def Jam Recordings. The album was the band's first collaboration with record producer Rick Rubin, whose input helped the band's sound evolve. "Reign in Blood" was well received by both critics and fans, and was responsible for bringing Slayer to the attention of a mainstream metal audience. "Kerrang!" magazine described the record as "the heaviest album of all". Alongside Anthrax's "Among the Living", Megadeth's "Peace Sells... but Who's Buying?" and Metallica's "Master of Puppets", "Reign in Blood" helped define the sound of the emerging US thrash metal scene in the mid-1980s, and has remained influential since then.  - A record label or record company is a brand or trademark associated with the marketing of music recordings and music videos. Often, a record label is also a publishing company that manages such brands and trademarks, coordinates the production, manufacture, distribution, marketing, promotion, and enforcement of copyright for sound recordings and music videos; conducts talent scouting and development of new artists ("artists and repertoire" or "A&R"); and maintains contracts with recording artists and their managers. The term "record label" derives from the circular label in the center of a vinyl record which prominently displays the manufacturer's name, along with other information.  - Cannibal Corpse is an American death metal band from Buffalo, New York. Formed in December 1988, the band has released thirteen studio albums, two box sets, four video albums and two live albums. The band has had little radio or television exposure throughout its career, although a cult following began to build after the release of the 1991 album "Butchered at Birth", and 1992 album "Tomb of the Mutilated". As of 2015, they had achieved worldwide sales of two million units for combined sales of all their albums, making them the top-selling death metal band of all time.  - Progressive rock (shortened as "prog"; sometimes "art rock", "classical rock" or "symphonic rock") is a broad subgenre of rock music that developed in the United Kingdom and United States throughout the mid to late 1960s. Initially termed "progressive pop", the style was an outgrowth of psychedelic bands who abandoned standard pop traditions in favour of instrumentation and compositional techniques more frequently associated with jazz, folk or classical music. Additional elements contributed to its "progressive" label: lyrics were more poetic, technology was harnessed for new sounds, music approached the condition of "art", and the studio, rather than the stage, became the focus of musical activity, which often involved creating music for listening, not dancing.  - RED Distribution, LLC (formerly Relativity Entertainment Distribution) is a Sony Music Entertainment-owned sales and marketing division that handles releases for more than sixty independent record labels. It is also home to 'stache media, a marketing and brand partnership agency based in New York City.  - "Eyes of the Insane" is a 2006 single by the American thrash metal band Slayer, taken from their 2006 album "Christ Illusion". The lyrics explore an American soldier's mental anguish following his return home from the second Gulf War, and are based on an article entitled "Casualty of War" in "Texas Monthly" magazine. "Eyes of the Insane" was written by vocalist Tom Araya during pre-production for the album. The song was generally well received by critics, and also peaked #15 on the Danish singles charts.  - Lars Ulrich ( born December 26, 1963) is a Danish musician, songwriter, actor, and record producer. He is best known as the drummer and co-founder of the American heavy metal band Metallica. The son of tennis player Torben Ulrich and grandson of tennis player Einer Ulrich, he also played tennis in his youth and moved to Los Angeles at age 16 to train professionally. However, rather than playing tennis, he began playing the drums. After publishing an advertisement in "The Recycler", Ulrich met James Hetfield and formed Metallica.  - Metal Blade Records is a heavy metal record label founded by Brian Slagel in 1982. The U.S. corporate office for Metal Blade is located in Agoura Hills, California. It also has offices in Germany, Japan, Canada, and the UK. The label is distributed in the U.S. by RED Distribution, and in Canada by Sony Music Entertainment. It was distributed by Warner Bros. Records in the United States from 1988 to 1993.  - David Scott "Dave" Mustaine (born September 13, 1961) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, actor and author. He is best known as the co-founder, guitarist, and lead singer of the American thrash metal band Megadeth, and the original lead guitarist of the American thrash metal band Metallica.  - Roberto Agustin "Robert" Trujillo (born October 23, 1964) is an American musician, best known for his role as the current and fourth bassist of heavy metal band Metallica. He was also a member of crossover thrash metal band Suicidal Tendencies, funk metal supergroup Infectious Grooves, and heavy metal band Black Label Society, and has worked with Jerry Cantrell and Ozzy Osbourne. He is currently touring intermittently with experimental metal group Mass Mental.  - Brian Slagel ( born February 14 , 1961 ) is the founder and CEO of Metal Blade Records . Slagel is known for giving Metallica their first break in 1982 , with an appearance on Metal Massacre , a compilation album on Metal Blade , and has since released seminal albums by Slayer , Mercyful Fate , Cannibal Corpse , Fates Warning , Amon Amarth and The Black Dahlia Murder , among others .  - Jason Curtis Newsted (born March 4, 1963) is an American metal musician, known for being the third bass guitarist with the band Metallica from October 1986 until his departure in January 2001, he was also a part of Voivod and Flotsam and Jetsam. Joining Metallica in 1986 after Cliff Burton's death, Newsted remained a member until 2001. He continued with his project Echobrain, played with Ozzy Osbourne and joined heavy metal band Voivod. Newsted uses the pseudonym Jasonic, which serves as both his alias in Voivod and the name of his music publishing company. He is also the founder of the Chophouse Records studio and label based in California. From 2012 to 2014 he played in his self-titled band Newsted, for which he provided lead vocals as well as bass. Newsted lives in Alamo, California.  - Bobby Jarzombek is an American heavy metal/progressive metal drummer of Polish ancestry for who has worked with Halford, Sebastian Bach and Riot. He has also recorded and toured with Fates Warning, Arch/Matheos, Iced Earth, Rob Rock, John West, Spastic Ink, and Juggernaut, among others. He is noted for, somewhat uniquely, positioning cymbals behind him, usually over his left and right shoulder.  - Clifford Lee "Cliff" Burton (February 10, 1962  September 27, 1986) was an American musician, best known as the second bass guitarist for the American thrash metal band Metallica from December 1982 until his death in September 1986.  - James Alan Hetfield (born August 3, 1963) is an American musician, singer and songwriter known for being the co-founder, lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist and main songwriter for the American heavy metal band Metallica. Hetfield is mainly known for his intricate rhythm playing, but occasionally performs lead guitar duties and solos, both live and in the studio. Hetfield co-founded Metallica in October 1981 after answering a classified advertisement by drummer Lars Ulrich in the Los Angeles newspaper "The Recycler". Metallica has won nine Grammy Awards and released nine studio albums, three live albums, four extended plays and 24 singles.  - Kerry Ray King (born June 3, 1964) is an American musician, best known as a guitarist for the American thrash metal band Slayer. He co-founded the band with Jeff Hanneman in 1981 and has been a member ever since. He became lead songwriter for the band after Hanneman's death. King also played as lead guitarist with Dave Mustaine in 1984 with his band Megadeth.  - Death metal is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music. It typically employs heavily distorted and low-tuned guitars, played with techniques such as palm muting and tremolo picking, deep growling vocals and screams, aggressive, powerful drumming featuring double kick or blast beat techniques, minor keys or atonality, abrupt tempo, key, and time signature changes and chromatic chord progressions. The lyrical themes of death metal may invoke slasher film-stylized violence, religion (sometimes Satanism), occultism, Lovecraftian horror, nature, mysticism, mythology, philosophy, science fiction, and politics, and they may describe extreme acts, including mutilation, dissection, torture, rape, cannibalism, and necrophilia.  - Metal Massacre is a series of compilation albums released through Metal Blade Records. It is famous for "shedding light" on bands such as The Obsessed, Trouble, Overkill, Metal Church, Metallica, Slayer, Virgin Steele, Hellhammer, Voivod, Armored Saint, Lizzy Borden, Possessed and more.  - Hellhammer was a Swiss extreme metal band from Nurensdorf, active during 19811984. They are regarded as a key influence on black metal, and one of the founders of death metal. In June 1984, Hellhammer became Celtic Frost.  - Progressive metal (sometimes known as prog metal or technical metal) is a fusion genre melding heavy metal and progressive rock which combines the loud "aggression" and amplified guitar-driven sound of the former with the more experimental, cerebral or "pseudo-classical" compositions of the latter. Whilst the genre emerged towards the late-1980s, it was not until the 1990s that progressive metal achieved commercial success. Dream Theater, Queensrÿche, Tool, Symphony X and Fates Warning are a few examples of progressive metal bands who achieved commercial success; additionally, many other thrash and death metal bands started to incorporate elements of progressive music in their work. Progressive metal's popularity started to decline towards the end of the 1990s, but it still remains a largely diffused underground genre with a committed fan base.  - Christ Illusion is the tenth studio album by the American thrash metal band Slayer. Released on August 8, 2006, the album received generally favorable critical reviews, and it entered the "Billboard" 200 at number 5the band's second highest U.S. chart position . "Christ Illusion" includes the Grammy Award-winning songs "Eyes of the Insane" and "Final Six", and is the band's first studio album to feature original drummer Dave Lombardo since "Seasons in the Abyss" (1990). It is also the first time since "Divine Intervention" that they recorded songs in D# tuning. The songs "Jihad", "Flesh Storm", "Catalyst" and "Consfearacy" were recorded in D# tuning, while the songs "Catatonic", "Eyes of the Insane", "Skeleton Christ", "Supremist", and "Final Six" (bonus track) were recorded in Drop B tuning. The songs "Black Serenade" and "Cult" were recorded in C# tuning.  - The occult (from the Latin word "occultus" "clandestine, hidden, secret") is "knowledge of the hidden". In common English usage, "occult" refers to "knowledge of the paranormal", as opposed to "knowledge of the measurable", usually referred to as science. The term is sometimes taken to mean knowledge that "is meant only for certain people" or that "must be kept hidden", but for most practicing occultists it is simply the study of a deeper spiritual reality that extends beyond pure reason and the physical sciences. The terms "esoteric" and "arcane" can also be used to describe the occult, in addition to their meanings unrelated to the supernatural.  - Kim Bendix Petersen (born 14 June 1956), better known by his stage name King Diamond, is a Danish heavy metal musician. As a vocalist, he is known for his extensive vocal range, in particular his usage of falsetto. He is the lead vocalist for both Mercyful Fate and the eponymous King Diamond.  - The new wave of British heavy metal (commonly abbreviated as NWOBHM) was a nationwide musical movement that started in the United Kingdom in the late 1970s and achieved international attention by the early 1980s. Journalist Geoff Barton coined the term in a May 1979 issue of the British music newspaper "Sounds" to describe the emergence of new heavy metal bands in the late 1970s, during the period of punk rock's decline and the dominance of new wave music.  - John Arch (born "John Maurice Archambault", May 15, 1959 in Colorado Springs) is an American progressive metal singer most well known for his work with the band Fates Warning.  - Ronald "Ron" McGovney (born November 2, 1962) is a semi-retired American musician, best known as the original bass guitarist in the heavy metal band Metallica from October 1981 to December 1982.  - Armored Saint is an American heavy metal band originating from Los Angeles, California, United States.  - Slayer is an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California, formed in 1981 by guitarist Kerry King and drummer Dave Lombardo. Slayer rose to fame with its 1986 release "Reign in Blood", and is credited as one of the "big four" thrash metal bands, along with Metallica, Megadeth, and Anthrax. Since its debut album in 1983, the band has released twelve studio albums, two live albums, a box set, six music videos, two extended plays and a cover album. Four of the band's studio albums have received gold certification in the United States. The band has received five Grammy nominations, winning one in 2007 for the song "Eyes of the Insane", and one in 2008 for the song "Final Six" (both from 2006's "Christ Illusion"). Slayer has also played at several music festivals worldwide, including Unholy Alliance, Download and Ozzfest.  - Mercyful Fate is a Danish heavy metal band from Copenhagen, formed in 1981 by vocalist King Diamond and guitarist Hank Shermann. Influenced by progressive rock and hard rock, with lyrics dealing with Satan and the occult, Mercyful Fate were part of the first wave of black metal in the early to mid-1980s. Many of the bands from this movement went on to influence later black metal musicians in the 1990s, particularly in Norway. Since the band's inception in 1981, Mercyful Fate have released seven studio albums, two extended plays and four compilations.  - Tomb of the Mutilated is the third studio album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse. It was released in 1992 through Metal Blade Records and is the last album featuring founding guitarist Bob Rusay. The album was banned in Germany, due to the violent cover and the extreme nature of the lyrics.   - Metallica is an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles, California. The band was formed in 1981 when vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield responded to an advertisement posted by drummer Lars Ulrich in a local newspaper. Metallica's current line-up comprises founding members Hetfield and Ulrich, longtime lead guitarist Kirk Hammett and bassist Robert Trujillo. Guitarist Dave Mustaine and bassists Ron McGovney, Cliff Burton and Jason Newsted are former members of the band.  - Ray Alder (born as Raymond Balderrama on August 20, 1967) has been the lead vocalist of the progressive metal band Fates Warning since their 1988 release "No Exit".   - Butchered at Birth is the second studio album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse. It was released in 1991 through Metal Blade Records. Even though the album was banned, it was not given a censored re-release or new artwork.  - Virgin Steele is an American heavy metal band from New York City, originally formed in 1981.  - Joseph "Joey" Vera (born April 24, 1963) is an American heavy metal bassist who is known as a member of the heavy metal band Armored Saint and the progressive metal band Fates Warning. In 2004-2005 he replaced Frank Bello in Anthrax as the band's bassist, but did not record with them. He was also a member of Engine, recorded with Tribe After Tribe, and appears on the OSI album "Free". His first solo album, "A Thousand Faces", was released in 1994. His current solo project, A Chinese Firedrill, released an album titled "Circles" in 2007.  - Crimson Glory are an American progressive metal band that formed in 1979 under the name Pierced Arrow (later changed to 'Beowulf'). Their current line-up features long-time guitarists Jon Drenning and Ben Jackson, bassist Jeff Lords, and drummer Dana Burnell. The band formed in Sarasota, Florida. As a pioneer of the American progressive metal movement, Crimson Glory rose to international fame in the 1980s and was ranked as one of the early "flagship bands of progressive metal" along with Queensrÿche, Dream Theater, Fates Warning and Watchtower, who were responsible for creating and developing that genre. Crimson Glory has released four studio albums and one EP. They broke up in 1992, but reunited six years later.  - Warner Bros. Records Inc. is an American major record label established in 1958 as the foundation label of the present-day Warner Music Group (WMG), and now operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of that corporation. Warner Bros. Records was established on March 19, 1958, as the recorded-music division of the American film studio Warner Bros. For most of its early existence it was one of a group of labels owned and operated by larger parent corporations. The sequence of companies that controlled Warner Bros. and its allied labels evolved through a convoluted series of corporate mergers and acquisitions from the early 1960s to the early 2000s. Over this period, Warner Bros. Records grew from a struggling minor player in the music industry to become one of the top recording labels in the world.  - Jim Matheos (November 22, 1962, Westfield, Massachusetts, United States), is an American guitarist and the primary songwriter for the progressive metal band Fates Warning, in which he has been the only consistent member since the group's beginning. Matheos also plays in OSI alongside Kevin Moore (Chroma Key, ex-Dream Theater), as well as making other appearances with many various bands and artists.  - David "Dave" Lombardo (born February 16, 1965) is a three time nominated, two time Grammy Award-winning Cuban American drummer, best known as a co-founding member of American thrash metal band Slayer. He performed with Slayer on nine albums, including their 1986 release "Reign in Blood", which AllMusic called "groundbreaking", and their 2006 release "Christ Illusion", for which he received critical praise. Lombardo's music career has spanned more than 30 years, during which he has been involved in the production of 35 commercial recordings extending over a number of genres with bands such as Grip Inc., Fantômas, Testament, Suicidal Tendencies, in addition to Slayer. Lombardo is currently playing drums with Suicidal Tendencies., Dead Cross & The Misfits.  - Queensrÿche is an American heavy metal band. It formed in 1982 in Bellevue, Washington out of the local band the Mob. The band has released 14 studio albums, one EP, several DVDs, and continues to tour and record. The original lineup consisted of vocalist Geoff Tate, guitarists Chris DeGarmo and Michael Wilton, bassist Eddie Jackson and drummer Scott Rockenfield.  - Fates Warning is an American progressive metal band, formed in 1982 by vocalist John Arch, guitarists Jim Matheos and Victor Arduini, bassist Joe DiBiase, and drummer Steve Zimmerman in Hartford, Connecticut. Their early work was heavily influenced by new wave of British heavy metal, and was key in the development of American power metal. With each work the band developed into a pure progressive metal style. Fates Warning has experienced numerous line-up changes. From 1982 to 1996  and temporarily in 2010  Matheos and DiBiase were the only remaining original members of the band, with Matheos being the only constant member. Their current lineup consists of guitarists Jim Matheos and Frank Aresti, vocalist Ray Alder, bassist Joey Vera, and drummer Bobby Jarzombek. As a pioneer of the American progressive metal movement, Fates Warning rose to international fame in the 1980s and was ranked as one of the early "flagship bands of progressive metal" along with Queensrÿche, Dream Theater, Crimson Glory and Watchtower, who were responsible for creating, developing and popularizing that genre.  - Metal Church is an American heavy metal band. They originally formed in San Francisco, California in 1980 before relocating to Aberdeen, Washington the following year and briefly using the name Shrapnel. Their eponymous debut album was released in 1984, and their latest, "XI", was released in 2016.  - The Obsessed is a heavy metal band from Maryland led by Scott "Wino" Weinrich which combines elements of doom metal, stoner rock and punk rock. Formed in 1976, they first split up in 1986 when Wino joined Saint Vitus, but reformed four years later. After releasing three albums (including the one that was originally recorded in 1985), The Obsessed broke up for a second time in 1995. After briefly reuniting for some shows in 2012 and 2013, The Obsessed announced their third reunion in March 2016.  - Hank Shermann (real name René Krolmark) is a Danish heavy metal guitarist. He began playing guitar in 1977.  - A cult following is a group of fans who are highly dedicated to a work of culture. A film, book, musical artist, television series or video game, among other things, will be said to have a cult following when it has a small but very passionate fanbase. A common component of cult followings is the emotional attachment the fans have to the object of the cult following, often identifying themselves and other fans as members of a community. Cult followings are also commonly associated with niche markets. Cult media are often associated with underground culture, and are considered too eccentric or subversive to be appreciated by the general public or to be a commercial success. Many cult fans express a certain irony about their devotion. Sometimes, these cult followings cross the border to camp followings. Fans may become involved in a subculture of fandom, either via conventions, online communities or through activities such as writing series-related fiction, costume creation, replica prop and model building, or creating their own audio or video productions from the formats and characters.  - Kirk Lee Hammett (born November 18, 1962) is the lead guitarist and contributing songwriter for the heavy metal band Metallica and has been a member of the band since 1983. Before joining Metallica he formed and named the band Exodus. In 2003, Hammett was ranked 11th on "Rolling Stone"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s list of The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time. In 2009, Hammett was ranked number 15 in Joel McIver's book "The 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists".  - Los Angeles (Spanish for "The Angels"), officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A., is the second-most populous city in the United States (after New York City), the most populous city in California and the county seat of Los Angeles County. Situated in Southern California, Los Angeles is known for its mediterranean climate, ethnic diversity, sprawling metropolis, and as a major center of the American entertainment industry. Los Angeles lies in a large coastal basin surrounded on three sides by mountains reaching up to and over .  - Megadeth is an American heavy thrash metal band from Los Angeles, California. Guitarist Dave Mustaine and bassist David Ellefson formed the band in 1983 shortly after Mustaine's dismissal from Metallica. A pioneer of the American thrash metal scene, the band is credited as one of the genre's "big four" with Anthrax, Metallica and Slayer, responsible for thrash metal's development and popularization. Megadeth plays in a technical style, featuring fast rhythm sections and complex arrangements. Themes of death, war, politics and religion are prominent in the group's lyrics.    What is the relationship between 'brian slagel' and 'record producer'?