Article:

For the second time in as many days, the White House sought to clarify President Donald Trump's comments on whether Russia targeted the U.S., saying that the president's "no" was actually a "no" to taking reporters' questions. 
  
 Interested in Donald Trump? Add Donald Trump as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Donald Trump news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest 
  
 ABC News' Cecilia Vega asked her question twice and for a clarification on the president’s response as reporters were gathered just ahead of a session at the White House with Cabinet members. 
  
 She received a "no" each time, which was recorded and other reporters confirmed hearing as well. The president ignored her request for clarification. 
  
 “Is Russia still targeting the U.S., Mr. President,” Vega asked. 
  
 “Thank you very much, no,” he said. 
  
 Vega pressed: “No?! You don’t believe that to be the case?” 
  
 He responded: "No." 
  
 Vega asked again a third time: "But can you just clarify, you don't believe that to be the case?" 
  
 The president ignored that question. 
  
 Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images 
  
 At the top of the White House briefing, press secretary Sarah Sanders clarified that she spoke to the president after his exchange with Vega and he said he was not actually answering her question, but saying instead, "thank you, no" to answering any questions. 
  
 Asked again by Vega whether the president agrees with Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats that the threat from Russia is still ongoing, Sanders answered, "certainly." 
  
 A "no" response would seem to contradict Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats who, in a speech on Friday at the Hudson Institute, a Washington D.C.-based think tank, warned of Russian cyber attacks. "The warning lights are blinking red again." 
  
 Coats went on to say: “These actions are persistent, they are pervasive and they are meant to undermine America’s democracy.” 
  
 On that same day, 12 Russian military officials were indicted for hacking democratic infrastructure in the 2016 election. 
  
 Trump's most recent comments are part of a multi-day series of statements and clarifications following the president's press conference with Russian president Vladimir Putin on Monday. 
  
 During that news conference, Trump appeared to accept what he called Putin's "strong" and "powerful" denial that Russia meddled in the 2016 election. 
  
 Coats responded that the intelligence community stands by its findings. 
  
 "The role of the Intelligence Community is to provide the best information and fact-based assessments possible for the President and policymakers," Coats said in a statement. "We have been clear in our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy, and we will continue to provide unvarnished and objective intelligence in support of our national security." 
  
 Grigory Dukor/Reuters 
  
 Keenly aware there was a problem after his news conference in Helsinki with Putin, Trump met with top advisers Tuesday morning to discuss what to do about it. 
  
 Sources tell ABC News the president himself came up with the idea of the "would" versus "would not" clarification, telling aides he had seen the clip, realized he misspoke and wanted to make a statement. 
  
 Those involved with crafting the statement, according to sources, were: White House adviser Steven Miller, press secretary Sarah Sanders, Deputy Chief of Staff for Communications Bill Shine, Director of Strategic Communications Mercedes Schlapp and National Security Adviser John Bolton. 
  
 The president also discussed it with Newt Gingrich, who had called on Trump to clarify his comments in Helsinki on “the U.S. intelligence system and Putin,” calling the remarks “the most serious mistake of his presidency.” 
  
 Late in the process, Vice President Mike Pence also asked to see the statement. 
  
 The line "it could have been a lot of people" was not part of the prepared remarks. The president's aides were also not particularly surprised the president said it. 
  
 Leah Millis/Reuters 
  
 By Tuesday, the president said he used the wrong words and meant to say there was no reason "it wouldn't be Russia" behind election meddling. 
  
 "I said the word would instead of wouldn't...I think that probably clarifies things pretty good by itself." 
  
 The seeming contradiction in Trump's comments on Wednesday sparked anew congressional backlash as lawmakers press for clarification on the president's stance. 
  
 "A BIG discrepancy between President Trump’s statement and DNI Coates’ warning. It’s imperative we get to the bottom of what is going on so we can be prepared to protect ourselves in advance of the 2018 elections. My personal view: the Russians are at again," Sen. Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican tweeted. 
  
 Sen. Susan Collins, a Maine Republican, tweeted: "The Russians continue efforts to undermine Western democracies, including ours. The President is wrong and needs to heed the warnings from our Intelligence Community, including DNI Dan Coats." 
  
 Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer was quick to put out a statement challenging the president's comments. 
  
 “Mr. President, it is time to stop taking the word of a KGB agent over that of your own intelligence officials. Russia interfered in our 2016 elections. They’re actively trying to do it again. You must wake up to that fact," Schumer said. "We won’t be able, as a nation, to fight back against foreign interference in our elections if the Commander in Chief doesn’t even acknowledge that it’s a real problem. The American people will not trust that you will protect them if you continue to put your interests ahead of those of our country.” 
  
 ABC News' Jonathan Karl contributed to this report. ||||| Asked if Russia was still targeting the U.S. with cyberattacks, President Donald Trump shook his head and said, “No.” The director of national intelligence has said the opposite. | Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images Trump newly undercuts top U.S. intelligence chief on Russia 
  
 President Donald Trump said Wednesday that the Russian government is no longer trying to meddle in U.S. elections, contradicting his director of national intelligence, who has said that Kremlin-ordered attacks are ongoing. 
  
 In response to a shouted question from a reporter as to whether Russia was still targeting the U.S., Trump shook his head and said “no.” He quickly followed with a brief monologue arguing that his administration has been tougher on Russia than any of its predecessors and that “President Putin knows that better than anybody, certainly better than the media.” 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 At her Wednesday press briefing, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders denied that the president had said Russia is no longer attacking the U.S. but that he instead had been saying "no" to taking additional questions from reporters. She said the White House believes the threat of Russian election interference remains. 
  
 "The president said thank you very much and was saying 'no' to answering questions," Sanders said, despite the fact that Trump kept on talking to reporters after the exchange. "The president and his administration are working very hard to make sure that Russia is unable to meddle in our elections as they have done in the past and as we have stated." 
  
 Pressed by MSNBC reporter Hallie Jackson on the president's earlier exchange with reporters, Sanders said that she had spoken to the president about his remark and that he was not answering a reporter's question when he said "no." The press secretary insisted that she was not walking back the president's comments, telling reporters, “I’m interpreting what the president said. I’m not reversing it." 
  
 Morning Cybersecurity A daily briefing on politics and cybersecurity — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. 
  
 The president’s assertion that Russia’s is no longer launching attacks against the U.S. contradicts remarks from Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, who said last month that “it is 2018, and we continue to see Russian targeting of American society in ways that could affect our midterm elections.” 
  
 The Office of the Director of National Intelligence did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
  
 It was the second time in as many days that the White House has sought to argue that the president either did not say or did not mean something that he was clearly captured on video saying. Trump has come under withering criticism over the last 48 hours over his remarks at a bilateral press conference on Monday with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, where the U.S. president said “I don’t see any reason” why Russia "would" be behind 2016 cyberattacks intended to impact that year’s U.S. presidential election. 
  
 Trump’s willingness to accept Putin’s denial that the Kremlin had been involved over the assessment of his own intelligence agencies prompted a tidal wave of rebukes, which in turn pushed Trump to take a rare step — admitting a mistake — on Tuesday when he told reporters that he had meant to say that he saw no reason why Russia “wouldn’t” have been behind the 2016 attacks. 
  
 It's also not the first time that Trump has directly undercut Coats in recent days. 
  
 In an interview with CBS News on Saturday, Trump said he doesn't know if he agrees with a warning from Coats that the U.S. digital infrastructure is vulnerable to a large-scale attack. 
  
 "Well, I — I don't know if I agree with that. I'd have to look. But I have a lot of respect for Dan," Trump said. "And that's where he is, and that's what he does. Again, we're working on it very hard. We're upgrading things at a very rapid pace." 
  
 Coats has not been silent as Trump has undermined his statements. On Monday, after Trump publicly sided with Putin over U.S. intelligence agencies on Russia's election meddling, Coats issued a blunt statement backing the intelligence community. 
  
 "The role of the Intelligence Community is to provide the best information and fact-based assessments possible for the president and policymakers," said Coats, who took over as U.S. director of national intelligence in March 2017. "We have been clear in our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy, and we will continue to provide unvarnished and objective intelligence in support of our national security." 
  
 Coats also has had a rocky history with Trump. It was reported in June 2017 that Coats had told associates that Trump asked him if he could help get then-FBI Director James Comey to back off the agency's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. 
  
 Coats reportedly decided that such an action would be inappropriate. ||||| poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201807/2225/1155968404_5810899811001_5810826159001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Trump-Putin meeting Trump plays semantics on Russian meddling The president appeared Wednesday to walk back his walk-backs on Kremlin interference in the 2016 election. 
  
 On Tuesday, President Donald Trump said he was tripped up by a double negative. On Wednesday, the White House claimed he was simply declining to respond when he replied “no” to a reporter’s question about whether Russia is still targeting America’s democratic government. 
  
 Trump’s position on Russian interference in America’s elections has devolved into a game of semantics, with Trump loudly casting doubt on the assessment of his own intelligence agencies only to half-heartedly backtrack when his comments draw forceful condemnation, including from members of his own party. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 For the third day in a row, Trump and his top aides spent Wednesday clarifying the president’s remarks on Russia, attempting to breathe new meaning into comments that Trump made not in secretive closed-door meetings, but on national television or on Twitter for all to see. 
  
 During a Cabinet meeting on Wednesday, Trump was asked by a reporter whether Russia was continuing to target U.S. elections. He looked at the reporter and said “no,” adding that the United States, in his estimation, has been tougher on Russia than any of his predecessors. 
  
 That assessment would contradict the U.S. intelligence community, including Trump’s director of national intelligence, Dan Coats, who has said Russia continues to target the United States. 
  
 But White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters later Wednesday afternoon that Trump had in fact not said anything of the sort. “The president said thank you very much and was saying no to answering questions,” Sanders told incredulous reporters in the White House briefing room, adding later, “I talked to the president. He wasn’t answering that question.” 
  
 The reporter who asked the question, ABC News White House correspondent Cecilia Vega, tweeted later Wednesday, “Yes, he was looking directly at me when he spoke. Yes, I believe he heard me clearly.” 
  
 Getting a lot of questions about my exchange with @realDonaldTrump today. 
  
 Yes, he was looking directly at me when he spoke. 
  
 Yes, I believe he heard me clearly. He answered two of my questions. 
  
 Here’s the full exchange: pic.twitter.com/F3QmDSFzpT — Cecilia Vega (@CeciliaVega) July 18, 2018 
  
 In effect, the White House is asking Americans to choose whom they believe: the president, or their own lying eyes. 
  
 Trump has for months danced around directly and forcefully condemning Russian President Vladimir Putin for meddling in the 2016 presidential election. And while he has said he accepts intelligence conclusions that Russia is to blame for the hack of the Democratic National Committee and other incursions, he has also repeatedly held out the possibility that other entities could be responsible. 
  
 It played out the same way on Tuesday during Trump’s tightly choreographed mea culpa. Reading from a script, Trump claimed he meant to say there’s no reason to believe it “wouldn’t” have been Russia that meddled in the U.S. election, blaming the confusion on a “double negative.” But Trump threw in an ad-libbed line that appeared to undercut his statement. “Could be other people also,” he said. 
  
 The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. 
  
 In an interview with CBS News that aired Wednesday evening, Trump stressed that he agreed with U.S. intelligence officials that Russia meddled in the 2016 election — adding that he holds Putin responsible. 
  
 “He’s in charge of the country just like I consider myself to be responsible for things that happen in this country,” he said. “So, certainly, as the leader of the country, you’d have to hold him responsible.” 
  
 Speaking of Putin, the president told anchor Jeff Glor: “I don't want to get into whether or not he's lying. I can only say that I do have confidence in our intelligence agencies as currently constituted. I think that Dan Coats is excellent. … I think we have excellent people in the agencies. And when they tell me something, it means a lot.“ 
  
 “He‘s a great guy,” Trump said of Coats. “He's a great patriot. He loves his country. And he's only going to say what he truly believes.“ 
  
 But on Wednesday morning, Trump had taken a more defiant posture, insisting that his meeting with Putin would prove to be a great success “in the long run.” 
  
 “While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting” Trump tweeted. 
  
 “Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!” 
  
 The president also insisted that, contrary to the barrage of criticism he has faced over the last 48 hours, many in the “higher ends” of the U.S. intelligence community thought highly of his performance at a bilateral press conference with Putin, where he publicly sided with the Russian president over his own intelligence agencies. 
  
 Those who have been critical of him, the president said, are “haters” upset that he has a warm relationship with Putin, a former KGB agent who the U.S. intelligence community has concluded with “high confidence” ordered the 2016 cyberattacks targeting the U.S. election process. 
  
 “So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki,” Trump wrote on Twitter early Wednesday morning. “Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!” 
  
 “Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!” Trump added later, echoing language Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) used recently to label critics of the president. 
  
 Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 18, 2018 
  
 At the same cabinet meeting where he appeared to suggest Russia is no longer digitally attacking the U.S., Trump returned to the argument that no president in history has been as tough on Russia as he has, pointing to sanctions imposed by the Treasury Department, the two West Coast Russian embassies the State Department has ordered closed, and the dozens of Russian diplomats expelled. 
  
 "We are doing very well, probably as well as anybody has ever done with Russia, and there’s been no president ever as tough as I have been on Russia," he told reporters. "All you have to do is look at the numbers, look at what we’ve done, look at sanctions, look at ambassadors not there, look at, unfortunately, what happened in Syria recently. I think President Putin knows that better than anybody, certainly better than the media." 
  
 Trump’s defense follows a whirlwind few days in which he found himself perplexed by the severe blowback to his remarks in Helsinki. 
  
 He was initially reluctant to walk back his comments, but senior administration officials, including Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and chief of staff John Kelly encouraged him to “clarify” his remarks, according to a person familiar with the issue, prompting his unusual statement in the Cabinet Room on Tuesday. 
  
 At the White House and among the president’s outside advisers, Trump’s Tuesday statement was received with mixed reviews. One person close to the president worried it made him look weak and said his explanation was ham-fisted, while another said it was necessary given the outcry over his Helsinki news conference, which bothered even Trump’s most ardent defenders. 
  
 The mood in the White House on Tuesday was decidedly dark. After the White House Office of Management emailed staff about a routine internet outage, staffers turned to gallows humor, joking that Russia was behind it, according to an administration official. 
  
 Still, Trump’s confidants remain confused about exactly why the president insists on subtly questioning the intelligence community and maintaining such a close relationship with Russia. One person close to the president said his best explanation is that Trump has a deep-seated fear of being seen as an illegitimate president and he worries that fully endorsing the assessment that Russia interfered in the election will lend credence to claims that Hillary Clinton should have won. 
  
 While Trump’s opening months in office have been regularly punctuated with controversy, the criticism he has faced in the wake of his meeting with Putin has been especially fierce. The bilateral summit in Helsinki was seen by many as overly warm and absent the type of confrontation that many have argued was merited by Russia’s recent bad behavior on the world stage. 
  
 Though Trump claimed Wednesday that his performance at Monday’s meeting had been a hit within the intelligence community, his apparent willingness to accept Putin’s denial that Russia sought to meddle in the 2016 race prompted blowback from Coats. 
  
 “We have been clear in our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy, and we will continue to provide unvarnished and objective intelligence in support of our national security,” Coats wrote in a statement earlier this week. 
  
 poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201807/1217/1155968404_5809443562001_5809135545001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" 
  
 That evaluation was echoed on Wednesday night by FBI Director Christopher Wray, who said that Russia was still working to “sow divisiveness” in the U.S. 
  
 “The Intelligence community’s assessment has not changed. My view has not changed, which is that Russia attempted to interfere with the last election and that it continues to engage in malign influence operations to this day,” Wray said in an interview at the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado. 
  
 Perhaps further evidence that Trump’s news conference performance was poorly received came Tuesday, when the president took the rare step — for him — of admitting a mistake when he told reporters that he had misspoken at Monday’s event. When he said, “I don’t see any reason why it would be” Russia, Trump explained, he had meant to say “wouldn’t,” as in “I don't see any reason why it wouldn't be Russia.” 
  
 Defenders of the president, usually numerous among Republican ranks, have been few and far in between in the wake of Trump’s Helsinki summit, with GOP lawmakers – including House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell – venting emotions ranging from frustration to outrage over Trump’s remarks. 
  
 But counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway appeared Wednesday on “Fox & Friends,” the morning news program the president is known to prefer, where she parroted Trump’s defiance, blaming the media for its emphasis on the Kremlin’s election meddling and the Obama administration for the state of U.S.-Russia relations. 
  
 “When the media talk about the Supreme Court, they only talk about abortion. When they talk about Russia and U.S., they only talk about election meddling. And yet, we have faith in the American people, who is our ultimate audience, to listen to everything this president is saying,” Conway said Wednesday. 
  
 “This nonsense that you shouldn’t even meet with the leader of the Kremlin, where were the media when other presidents did exactly that?” she said. “And it’s really ridiculous to not acknowledge that it is failures of the last administration.” 
  
 And Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker who is close to Trump and was harshly critical of his performance in Helsinki, credited the president for making Tuesday’s correction. Like Conway, Gingrich was also eager to cast blame on the Obama administration, a frequent deflection tactic of the White House and its allies. 
  
 “This was a very important moment for this president. If he had not fixed this, if he had not had that talk in the Roosevelt Room, if he had not gone on to reinforce the American intelligence system, I think we would be in a much bigger mess right now,” Gingrich said. “I’m really delighted that he took a serious look at it. He hates to correct himself. That’s not who he is. But I think he did the right thing, and I think he did it well.” 
  
 Eleanor Mueller, Quint Forgey and Connor O’Brien contributed to this report. ||||| Trump: 'No,' Russia is not targeting the United States 4:43 PM ET Wed, 18 July 2018 | 01:09 
  
 President Donald Trump said Wednesday that Russia is no longer targeting the United States with cyber attacks, a conclusion that is at odds with the one repeatedly asserted by Trump's own intelligence services. 
  
 During a meeting of his Cabinet on Wednesday, Trump was asked by a pool reporter whether Russia is still "targeting" the United States. 
  
 "No," said the president. 
  
 Later, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters that Trump was saying "no" to more questions, and not answering the specific question about Russia. Trump did keep talking to reporters at the Cabinet meeting, however. 
  
 He repeated his claim that no other president had been as tough on Russia as he has. "I think President Putin knows that better than anybody, certainly a lot better than the media," Trump said. 
  
 Dan Coats, Trump's director of national intelligence, had a very different assessment about Russian efforts to influence U.S. elections as recently as Monday. In a statement, Coats said: "We have been clear in our assessments of Russian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy." 
  
 And on Friday, Coats compared Russia's current cyber efforts to warning signs that emerged before the 9/11 attacks. "The warning lights are blinking red again," Coats said at a Washington, D.C. think tank. "Today, the digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack." 
  
 Trump's latest round of comments also came one day after the president touted his administration's aggressive efforts to prevent future Russian meddling. |||||
What is a summary?