Please answer the following question: Information:  - The Seattle Mariners are an American professional baseball team based in Seattle, Washington. The Mariners compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) West division. The team joined the AL as an expansion team in 1977. Since July , the Mariners' home ballpark has been Safeco Field, located in the SoDo neighborhood of Seattle. SoDo means "South of Downtown."  - Educational games are games explicitly designed with educational purposes, or which have incidental or secondary educational value. All types of games may be used in an educational environment. Educational games are games that are designed to help people to learn about certain subjects, expand concepts, reinforce development, understand a historical event or culture, or assist them in learning a skill as they play. Game types include board, card, and video games. An educational game is a game designed to teach humans about a specific subject and to teach them a skill. As educators, governments, and parents realize the psychological need and benefits of gaming have on learning, this educational tool has become mainstream. Games are interactive play that teach us goals, rules, adaptation, problem solving, interaction, all represented as a story. They satisfy our fundamental need to learn by providing enjoyment, passionate involvement, structure, motivation, ego gratification, adrenaline, creativity, social interaction and emotion in the game itself while the learning takes place.  - The PlayStation 3 (abbreviated as PS3) is a home video game console developed by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the successor to PlayStation 2, and is part of the PlayStation brand of consoles. It competed with Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Nintendo's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles. It was first released on November 11, 2006, in Japan, November 17, 2006 in North America, and March 27, 2007 in Europe and Australia.  - Arch Rivals is a basketball arcade game released by Midway in . Billed by Midway as "A Basket Brawl", the game features two-on-two full court basketball games in which players are encouraged to punch opposing players and steal the ball from them.  - Most games of the series take place in the same fictionalized world populated with fictional countries with details loosely based on real-life location, events, and wars. One of the main selling points of the series is the ability to pilot a range of aircraft that include accurate or slightly modified representations of present-day military aircraft, prototypes that never saw actual battle, and completely fictional boss-type superweapons. Longtime fans of the series are rewarded with small hints of the continuity between the games, as some characters and events are referenced from one game to another.  - The Xbox 360 is a home video game console developed by Microsoft. As the successor to the original Xbox, it is the second console in the Xbox series. The Xbox 360 competed with Sony's PlayStation 3 and Nintendo's Wii as part of the seventh generation of video game consoles. The Xbox 360 was officially unveiled on MTV on May 12, 2005, with detailed launch and game information divulged later that month at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3).  - Mario Superstar Baseball , known in Japan as Super Mario Stadium Miracle Baseball (   Sp Mario Sutajiamu Mirakuru Bsubru ) is a sports game that was developed by Namco and NOW Production and published by Nintendo for the GameCube in 2005 . The game was created in the vein of other Mario sports games such as Mario Golf : Toadstool Tour and Mario Power Tennis . This game is now a Player 's Choice title . A sequel , Mario Super Sluggers , was released for the Wii in 2008 . And you released exclusive in Brazil on December 2005 . Gameplay mainly focuses on the player assuming the role of many Mario series characters to challenge any opposing teams compatible in the Challenge Mode , the final being Bowser , having baseball matches to see who will win the Cup of the mode . Other playable modes include Exhibition Mode , in which players choose the leader and the other rosters in the team and challenge another team to a single baseball match , and Minigames where the player must complete a certain mission . A common power - up in the game is a charged swing , a hit by a baseball bat performed by a character that will give the ball a strong hit , causing the length of a normal hit baseball to be twice as powerful . Overall , the game was well received by critics , gaining an 8 out of 10 from GameSpot .  - Track and field is a sport which includes athletic contests established on the skills of running, jumping, and throwing. The name is derived from the sport's typical venue: a stadium with an oval running track enclosing a grass field where the throwing and jumping events take place. Track and field is categorised under the umbrella sport of athletics, which also includes road running, cross country running, and race walking.   - The premise of each game in the main series documents the events of the King of Iron Fist Tournament, hosted by the Mishima Zaibatsu corporation. The prize is typically control of the company, which then allows the winner to host the following tournament. After beating the game with each character, an ending cutscene is unlocked and usually one of the endings from each game becomes the continuation of the story into the following installment. The story has largely revolved around the Mishima clan curse, which began narratively with Heihachi Mishima throwing his son Kazuya Mishima from a cliff when he was 5 years old. Kazuya was nearly killed from the fall, but through the influence of the "Devil Gene" he survived and swore revenge to his father by the time of the King of Iron Fist Tournament.  - The game was highly popular for Namco upon its release, and has been a focus of competitive gaming ever since. It spawned a successful sequel, "Galaga", in 1981, and the lesser known "Gaplus" and "Galaga '88" in 1984 and 1987 respectively, as well as many later ports and adaptations. Along with its immediate sequel, it was one of the most popular games during the golden age of arcade video games.  - The golden age of arcade video games was the era of greatest popularity and technological innovation for arcade video games. The exact time period is a matter of debate, but key moments include the release of "Space Invaders" in 1978 and the introduction of vector display technology in 1979. The golden age lasted until the late 1980s, when home video game consoles like the NES were introduced.  - The PlayStation 2 (abbreviated as PS2) is a home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the successor to the PlayStation, and is the second installment in the PlayStation lineup of consoles. It was released on March 4, 2000 in Japan, October 26, 2000 in North America, November 24, 2000 in Europe, and November 17, 2000 in Australia. It competed with Sega's Dreamcast, Microsoft's Xbox, and Nintendo's GameCube in the sixth generation of video game consoles.  - North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere. It can also be considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.  - Namco was a front-runner during the golden age of arcade video games. "Pac-Man" went on to become the best-selling arcade game in history and an international popular culture icon. Namco was also known for creating successful franchises such as "Galaxian", "Ridge Racer", "Ace Combat", "Tekken", as well as the "Soul" and "Tales" series.  - Mario Power Tennis, known in Japan as , is a sports game developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the GameCube in 2004. The game is the sequel to the Nintendo 64 title "Mario Tennis", and is the fourth game in the "Mario Tennis" series. "Power Tennis" was released in Japan on October 28, 2004, in North America on November 8, 2004, and in Australia on February 25, 2005. The game was re-released for the Wii in 2009 as part of the "New Play Control!" collection of titles, featuring GameCube games with added Wii controls. As of 2012, the title is available as part of the Nintendo Selects collection.  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - Official Nintendo Magazine, or ONM, is a retired British and Australian video game magazine which covered the Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, Wii and Wii U video game consoles released by Nintendo.  - Madden NFL (known as John Madden Football before 1993) is an American football video game series developed by EA Tiburon for EA Sports. It is named after Pro Football Hall of Famer John Madden, a well-known former Super Bowlwinning coach of the Oakland Raiders and color commentator. The series has sold more than 100 million copies, and influenced many players and coaches of the physical sport. Among the game's realistic features are sophisticated playbooks and player statistics, and voice commentary that allows players to hear the game as if it were a real TV broadcast. As of September 2013, the franchise generated over $4 billion in revenue.  - The "Mario" franchise is the best-selling video game franchise of all time. Over 210 million units of the overall "Mario" series of games have been sold. Outside of the "Super Mario" platform series, other "Mario" genres include the "Mario Kart" racing series, sports games such as the "Mario Tennis" and "Mario Golf" series, role-playing games such as "Super Mario RPG" and "Paper Mario", and educational games such as "Mario Is Missing!" and "Mario's Time Machine". The franchise has branched into several mediums, including television shows, film, comics, and licensed merchandise. Since 1995, Mario has been voiced by Charles Martinet.  - A sports game is a video game that simulates the practice of sports. Most sports have been recreated with a game, including team sports, track and field, extreme sports and combat sports. Some games emphasize actually playing the sport (such as the "Madden NFL" series), whilst others emphasize strategy and sport management (such as "Championship Manager" and "Out of the Park Baseball"). Some, such as "Need for Speed", "Arch Rivals" and "Punch-Out!!", satirize the sport for comic effect. This genre has been popular throughout the history of video games and is competitive, just like real-world sports. A number of game series feature the names and characteristics of real teams and players, and are updated annually to reflect real-world changes.  - Like its previous installments of games, "Mario Kart Wii" incorporates playable characters from the "Mario" series, who participate in kart races on various race tracks using specialized items to hinder opponents or gain advantages. The game features multiple single-player and multiplayer game modes. Online multiplayer via Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection was available at launch, but was discontinued in May 2014, along with Wii and Nintendo DS games that supported online play.  - Sport management is an industrious field concerning the business aspects of sports and recreation. Some examples of sport managers include the front office system in professional sports, college sports managers, recreational sport managers, sports marketing, event management, facility management, sports economics, sport finance, and sports information.   - Out of the Park Baseball, abbreviated as OOTP, is a text-based baseball simulation for career, historical, and fictional play. "OOTP" was originally written in 1998, when lead developer Markus Heinsohn sought to combine realistic replay baseball simulation with career play to satisfy hardcore fans and casual gamers alike. "A friend of mine brought home a bat and a glove from a trip to Miami, so we started hitting tennis balls into the neighbors gardens. That was in 1991," Heinsohn told Inside Mac Games in a July 2012 interview. "We then formed a baseball club and started playing in organized baseball leagues in 1994. In the meantime I played all sorts of baseball computer games, but there was no management-related game that I liked, so in 1998 I decided to simply develop my own game, just for fun. When it was done in 1999, I figured it was probably good enough to earn some money with it, and thats when it all started."  - A team sport includes any sport which involves two or more players working together towards a shared objective. A team sport is an activity in which individuals are organized into opposing teams which compete to win. Examples are basketball, volleyball, water polo, handball, lacrosse, cricket, baseball, and the various forms of football and hockey.  - Sony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the Sony Group, which is engaged in business through its four operating components  electronics (video games, network services and medical business), motion pictures, music and financial services. These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world. Sony's principal business operations include Sony Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Mobile (formerly Sony Ericsson) and Sony Financial. Sony is among the Semiconductor sales leaders by year and as of 2013, the fourth-largest television manufacturer in the world, after Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and TCL.  - A role-playing game (RPG and sometimes roleplaying game) is a game in which players assume the roles of characters in a fictional setting. Players take responsibility for acting out these roles within a narrative, either through literal acting or through a process of structured decision-making or character development. Actions taken within many games succeed or fail according to a formal system of rules and guidelines.  - Nintendo Selects, formerly Player's Choice, is a marketing label used by Nintendo to promote video games on current Nintendo game consoles which have sold well. "Nintendo Selects" titles are sold at a lower price point than other games. The program parallels other budget range software by Sega ("Sega All Stars"), Sony (the "Greatest Hits" and "Essentials"), and Microsoft ("Platinum Hits" and "Xbox Classics") to promote best-selling games on their consoles as well. In Japan, the discount label was introduced in 2015 for various Nintendo 3DS titles as the "Happy Price Selection", although South Korea adopted the Nintendo Selects name at an earlier period.  - There have been five "Mario Kart" games released for home consoles, three portable games, and three Namco co-developed arcade games, for a total of eleven. The latest title in the series, "Mario Kart 8", was released on Wii U in May 2014. The series has sold over 100 million copies worldwide to date. An enhanced version of "Mario Kart 8", entitled "Mario Kart 8 Deluxe", will be released on the Nintendo Switch in April 2017.  - Charles Martinet (born September 17, 1955) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for voicing Mario in the "Super Mario" video game series. He has voiced Mario, the title character in Nintendo's flagship video game franchise, since 1995. He also voices Baby Mario, Luigi, Baby Luigi, Wario, Waluigi and Toadsworth.  - , subtitled Legend of the Seven Stars in its North American release, is a role-playing video game developed by Square (now Square Enix) and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It was originally released on March 9, 1996, in Japan and on May 13, 1996, in North America. Nintendo ported the game, with minor differences, to the Wii's Virtual Console service in 2008 and to the Wii U's Virtual Console service by late June 2016 to regions around the world. It is the first role-playing video game in the "Mario" series. The game contains fundamental gameplay similarities and inspirations to other Square role-playing video games, such as the "Final Fantasy" series, with a story and action-based gameplay derived from the "Super Mario Bros." series.  - Gameplay. Playing as a diminutive boxer called Little Mac, the player must climb the ranks of the World Video Boxing Association. Gameplay differs slightly between each game, but generally, the player can attack with his left and right fists, at the head or the body, and can also dodge and block to avoid the opponent's attacks. Many games in the series give the player a powerful uppercut ability; its use is limited, and must be earned during matches, and has a star punch that can be obtained by hitting an opponent while taunting or at just the right time. Little Mac can also block, causing him to take minimal damage.  - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.  - Abandoning previous ventures in favor of toys in the 1960s, Nintendo then developed into a video game company in the 1970s, ultimately becoming one of the most influential in the industry and Japan's third most-valuable company with a market value of over $85 billion. From 1992 until 2016, Nintendo was also the majority shareholder of Major League Baseball's Seattle Mariners.  - A video game console is an electronic, digital or computer device that outputs a video signal or visual image to display a video game that one or more people can play.  - Mario Super Sluggers, known in Japan as , is a sports video game for the Wii developed by Namco Bandai Games and Now Production, and published by Nintendo. It was previously known by the working title Super Mario Stadium Baseball. It is part of the "Mario sports" series, and the sequel to "Mario Superstar Baseball" for the GameCube. "Mario Super Sluggers" was released in Japan on June 19, 2008 and in North America on August 25, 2008. It was not released in Europe and Australia, due to being in production at the same time as "Mario Kart Wii" , resulting in a limited release of this game, although an issue of the "Official Nintendo Magazine" has stated a Summer 2009 release, but it never happened. The game was later re-released in North America for $19.99 as part of the Nintendo Selects range.  - Paper Mario, known in Japanese as and originally known as Super Mario RPG 2, is a role-playing video game developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 game console. It was first released in Japan on August 11, 2000, in North America on February 5, 2001, and in Europe and Australia on October 5, 2001. "Paper Mario" was re-released for Nintendo's Wii Virtual Console in July 2007 as well as Wii U Virtual Console in 2015.  - At the end of each Major League Baseball season, the league leaders of various statistical categories are announced. Leading the league in a particular category is referred to as a "title".  - Microsoft Corporation (commonly referred to as Microsoft or MS) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, Microsoft Office office suite, and Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface tablet lineup. As of 2016, it was the world's largest software maker by revenue, and one of the world's most valuable companies.  - The , stylized as NINTENDO and often referred to as N64, is Nintendo's third home video game console for the international market. Named for its 64-bit central processing unit, it was released in June 1996 in Japan, September 1996 in North America, March 1997 in Europe and Australia, September 1997 in France and December 1997 in Brazil. It is the industry's last major successive home console to use the cartridge as its primary storage format, as all succeeding home consoles up until the Nintendo Switch used an optical format. In addition, current handheld systems (such as the PlayStation Vita and Nintendo 3DS) also use cartridges. While the Nintendo 64 was succeeded by Nintendo's MiniDVD-based GameCube in November 2001, the consoles remained available until the system was retired in late 2003.  - A combat sport, or fighting sport, is a competitive contact sport with one-on-one combat. Determining the winner depends on the particular contest's rules. In many fighting sports, a contestant wins by scoring more points than the opponent or by disabling the opponent. Boxing, wrestling, Muay Thai, Tae Kwon Do, Judo, Brazilian Jiu-jitsu, Sambo, and Mixed Martial Arts are examples of combat sports.  - Popular culture or pop culture is the entirety of ideas, perspectives, attitudes, images, and other phenomena that are within the mainstream of a given culture, especially Western culture of the early to mid 20th century and the emerging global mainstream of the late 20th and early 21st century. Heavily influenced by mass media, this collection of ideas permeates the everyday lives of the society. The most common pop culture categories are: entertainment (movies, music, television, games), sports, news (as in people/places in news), politics, fashion/clothes, technology, and slang. Popular culture has a way of influencing an individual's attitudes towards certain topics.  - New Play Control!, known as the in Japan, is a series of Nintendo GameCube games redeveloped by Nintendo for Wii. Games in the New Play Control! series feature a number of enhancements, most notably the implementation of Wii controls with the Wiimote and Nunchuk, as well as the inclusion of widescreen support and enhanced graphics.  - The is a home video game console released by Nintendo in Japan on September 14, 2001; in North America on November 18, 2001; in Europe on May 3, 2002; and in Australia on May 17, 2002. The sixth-generation console is the successor to the Nintendo 64 and competed with Sony Computer Entertainment's PlayStation 2 and Microsoft's Xbox.  - Mario's Time Machine is an educational video game originally released for MS-DOS and then for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Super NES consoles. The Software Toolworks both developed and published the MS-DOS and Super NES versions in 1993, while the NES version was developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Nintendo in 1994. The MS-DOS version was re-released as "Mario's Time Machine Deluxe" in 1996.  - Mario Tennis, known in Japan as , is a 2000 sports video game developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game console. The game was released in North America and Japan in the summer of 2000, and released in Europe later in November. It is the first tennis-based game starring Mario since "Mario's Tennis", and the second game developed by Camelot on a Nintendo system. The game is known for being the introduction of Waluigi, and the re-introduction of Princess Daisy and Birdo.  - Need for Speed, also known by its initials NFS, is a racing video game franchise published by Electronic Arts and developed by several studios including EA Black Box, Criterion Games and Ghost Games.  - , stylized as PAC-MAN, is an arcade game developed by Namco and first released in Japan in May 1980. It was created by Japanese video game designer Toru Iwatani. It was licensed for distribution in the United States by Midway and released in October 1980. Immensely popular from its original release to the present day, "Pac-Man" is considered one of the classics of the medium, and an icon of 1980s popular culture. Upon its release, the gameand, subsequently, "Pac-Man" derivativesbecame a social phenomenon that yielded high sales of merchandise and inspired a legacy in other media, such as the "Pac-Man" animated television series and the top-ten hit single "Pac-Man Fever". Pac-Man was popular in the 1980s and 1990s and is still played in the 2010s.  - The Wii is a home video game console released by Nintendo on November 19, 2006. As a seventh-generation console, the Wii competed with Microsoft's Xbox 360 and Sony's PlayStation 3. Nintendo states that its console targets a broader demographic than that of the two others. , the Wii leads its generation over PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in worldwide sales, with more than 101 million units sold; in December 2009, the console broke the sales record for a single month in the United States.  - By 2001, now known as Camelot, they had partnered with Nintendo and created the "Mario Tennis" and "Mario Golf" series of sports games, as well as the role-playing game series "Golden Sun".  - The "Super Mario" games follow Mario's adventures in the fictional Mushroom Kingdom, usually with Mario as the player character. He is usually joined by his brother, Luigi, and occasionally by other members of the "Mario" cast. As in platform video games, the player runs and jumps across platforms and atop enemies in themed levels. The games have simple plots, typically with Mario rescuing the kidnapped Princess Peach from the primary antagonist, Bowser. The first title in the series, "Super Mario Bros.", released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1985, established gameplay concepts and elements prevalent in nearly every "Super Mario" game since. These include a multitude of power-ups and items that give Mario special magic powers such as fireball-throwing and size-changing into giant and miniature sizes.    'mario superstar baseball' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'genre'?  Choices: - action  - american football  - animal  - baseball  - basketball  - boxing  - college  - combat  - comic  - country  - culture  - debate  - educational video game  - entertainment  - finance  - galaxian  - game  - graphics  - image  - information  - interview  - japanese  - legend  - magazine  - management  - marketing  - martial arts  - mass  - military  - mixed martial arts  - music  - narrative  - play  - racing  - racing video game  - rpg  - sequel  - skill  - society  - sport  - sports video game  - statistics  - technology  - television series  - tennis  - various  - video  - western  - will
Answer: