Write a summary based on this article:

Politicians must pander, it goes with the job. But they mustn't leave their fingerprints all over their pandering. The Romney campaign's attempt to score political points on the killing of American diplomats was a dismal business in every respect. Disregarding every other aspect, however, it was graceless and stupid as a matter of politics. 
  
 The incident reminds of one other thing: the dangerously distorting effect of disrespect for one's political opponents. 
  
 Inside Team Romney, and among Romney's donors and core supporters, it may be taken absolutely for granted that Barack Obama is a weak-willed appeaser of radical Islam, a cringing apologizer for America who does not love the country the way "we" do. So why not say it loud, especially when you think you've just caught his administration doing it again? And then you discover the mistake only after the statement has departed the outbox. 
  
  
  
 (Romney's press conference can be viewed at MSNBC.) 
  
  ||||| AP Photo Close 
  
 The Obama administration is disavowing a statement from its own Cairo embassy that seemed to apologize for anti-Muslim activity in the United States. 
  
 "The statement by Embassy Cairo was not cleared by Washington and does not reflect the views of the United States government," an administration official told POLITICO. 
  
 The U.S. embassy in Cairo put out a statement early Tuesday that was pegged to anger over an anti-Muslim film being circulated by an Israeli-American real estate developer. 
  
 "The Embassy of the United States in Cairo condemns the continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims – as we condemn efforts to offend believers of all religions," the embassy said in a statement published online. 
  
 (PHOTOS: Anti-U.S. attacks in Cairo, Libya) 
  
 According to the Wall Street Journal, the film depicts the Muslim prophet Muhammed as a "womanizer, pedophile and fraud" — a depiction bound to offend many Muslims. 
  
 The embassy came under widespread criticism for failing to defend free speech in the face of threats of violence. Egyptian protesters rioted anyway, breaching the embassy walls and tearing down the American flag. 
  
 "Some have sought to justify this vicious behavior as a response to inflammatory material posted on the Internet. The United States deplores any intentional effort to denigrate the religious beliefs of others. Our commitment to religious tolerance goes back to the very beginning of our nation. But let me be clear: There is never any justification for violent acts of this kind," Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a Tuesday statement. 
  
 The Romney campaign accused the Obama administration of sympathizing with the protests in a statement released after the administration statement. 
  
 “I'm outraged by the attacks on American diplomatic missions in Libya and Egypt and by the death of an American consulate worker in Benghazi. It's disgraceful that the Obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions, but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks,” Romney said. 
  
 Read more about: Egypt, Embassies ||||| 6 years ago 
  
 De Pere, Wisconsin (CNN) - Facing criticism for its aggressive and politically-charged response to Tuesday's violent attacks on the American embassies in Egypt and Libya, Mitt Romney's presidential campaign is quietly advising Republicans how to respond to questions about the campaign's handling of the episode. 
  
 In talking points currently being pushed to Republican leaders and top surrogates, the Romney campaign recommends attacking President's Obama "foreign policy of weakness" and dismissing questions about how the campaign responded to the crisis last night. 
  
  
  
 A sample response, as proposed by the Romney campaign officials in Boston: 
  
 "Did Governor Romney 'jump the gun' last night in releasing his statement?" 
  
 "No. It is never too soon to stand up for American values and interests." 
  
 Read the full list of message points from the Romney campaign, provided to CNN by a GOP source, below: 
  
 MESSAGE POINTS: Attacks On America's Diplomatic Missions In Libya And Egypt 
  
 Surrogate Message Points: Attacks On America’s Diplomatic Missions In Libya And Egypt 
  
 Top-Line Message: 
  
 - We join all Americans in grieving for the four American patriots who lost their lives in yesterday’s attacks and send our condolences to their loved ones. 
  
 - This is a time for America to be firm and resolute – and to make clear beyond any doubt that America will not tolerate attacks on our own. 
  
 - The violence against the American diplomatic missions in Libya and Egypt underscores that the world remains a dangerous place and that American leadership is sorely needed. 
  
 - Over the last several years, we have stood witness to an Arab Spring that presents both opportunity for a more peaceful and prosperous region, but also great peril if the forces of extremism and violence are allowed to control the course of events. 
  
 We must strive to ensure that the Arab Spring is not followed by an Arab Winter. 
  
 - American leadership is necessary to ensure that events in the region do not spin out of control. 
  
 - We have seen a foreign policy of weakness and decline in American influence and respect. Yesterday, we saw the consequences of this perceived weakness. 
  
 - America cannot send mixed signals to either our allies or our enemies. 
  
 - We must not be afraid to use our influence to support those who share our values and interests – and to stand firm against those who threaten them. America cannot shrink from its responsibility to lead. 
  
 Questions & Answers: 
  
 Don’t you think it was appropriate for the embassy to condemn the controversial movie in question? Are you standing up for movies like this? 
  
 - Governor Romney rejects the reported message of the movie. There is no room for religious hatred or intolerance. 
  
 - But we will not apologize for our constitutional right to freedom of speech. 
  
 - Storming U.S. missions and committing acts of violence is never acceptable, no matter the reason. Any response that does not immediately and decisively make that clear conveys weakness. 
  
 - If pressed: Governor Romney repudiated this individual in 2010 when he attempted to mobilize a Quran-burning movement. He is firmly against any expression of religious hatred or intolerance. 
  
 Reports indicate the embassy in Cairo released its initial statement before the invasion of the embassy commenced. Doesn’t this show they were trying to tamp down the protest and prevent what ultimately happened, not sympathize with the protesters? 
  
 - The Administration was wrong to stand by a statement sympathizing with those who had breached our embassy in Egypt instead of condemning their actions. 
  
 - Distancing themselves from the statement and saying it wasn't ‘cleared by Washington’ reflects the mixed signals they are sending to the world. 
  
 - American leadership needs to be decisive and resolute when our interests are threatened or attacked. For the last four years, this has been lacking. 
  
 - We have seen a foreign policy of weakness, indecision, and a decline in American influence and respect – and yesterday we saw the consequences. 
  
 - If pressed: The Obama campaign is now attacking Governor Romney for being critical of the same statement the Administration itself disavowed. This is hypocritical. 
  
 Did Governor Romney “jump the gun” last night in releasing his statement? 
  
 - No. It is never too soon to stand up for American values and interests. 
  
 Full Romney Statement: 
  
 “Americans woke up this morning with tragic news and felt heavy hearts as they considered that individuals who have served in our diplomatic corps were brutally murdered across the world. This attack on American individuals and embassies is outrageous, it's disgusting. It breaks the hearts of all of us who think of these people who have served, during their lives, the cause of freedom, and justice and honor. We mourn their loss and join together in prayer that the spirit of the Almighty might comfort the families of those who have been so brutally slain. 
  
 “Four diplomats lost their life, including the U.S. Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, in the attack on our embassy at Benghazi, Libya. And, of course, with these words, I extend my condolences to the grieving loved ones, who have left behind, as a result of these who have lost their lives in the service of our nation, and I know that the people across America are grateful for their service and we mourn their sacrifice. 
  
 “America will not tolerate attacks against our citizens and against our embassies. We will defend also our constitutional rights of speech and assembly and religion. We have confidence in our cause in America. We respect our Constitution. We stand for the principles our Constitution protects. We encourage other nations to understand and respect the principles of our Constitution because we recognize that these principles are the ultimate source of freedom for individuals around the world. 
  
 “I also believe the Administration was wrong to stand by a statement sympathizing with those who had breached our embassy in Egypt instead of condemning their actions. It's never too early for the United States Government to condemn attacks on Americans, and to defend our values. The White House distanced itself last night from the statement, saying it wasn't ‘cleared by Washington.’ That reflects the mixed signals they’re sending to the world. 
  
 “The attacks in Libya and Egypt underscore that the world remains a dangerous place and that American leadership is still sorely needed. In the face of this violence, America cannot shrink from the responsibility to lead. American leadership is necessary to ensure that events in the region don’t spin out of control. We cannot hesitate to use our influence in the region to support those who share our values and our interests. Over the last several years, we have stood witness to an Arab Spring that presents an opportunity for a more peaceful and prosperous region, but also poses the potential for peril, if the forces of extremism and violence are allowed to control the course of events. 
  
 “We must strive to ensure that the Arab Spring does not become an Arab Winter.” ||||| Now he takes a beating on Libya. 
  
 All things foreign seem foreign to Mitt Romney. 
  
 He says he'll save the American economy while banking in Switzerland and the Cayman Islands. He says he'll create American jobs as his company Bain Capital outsources jobs to China. He insults the Brits during the Olympics. He denigrates the Palestinian people as culturally inferior on a trip to Israel. He fails to even mention 190,000 American troops serving in Afghanistan at his convention speech. He still calls Russia "the Soviet Union" and labels it as America's No. 1 enemy. 
  
 If John Kerry was right when he said at the Democratic Convention the "last time Romney saw Russia was in 'Rocky 4,'" then the only thing he knows about Libya comes from watching Sasha Baron Cohen's "The Dictator." 
  
 Now it's Romney's Libya gaffe on the anniversary of 9/11. 
  
 On Sept. 11, as the nation mourned the heroes and victims of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks as non-partisan Americans, with all name-calling between the Obama and Romney camps on hiatus for one mournful day, U.S. Ambassador to Libya John Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed by religious fanatics who stormed the American consulate in Benghazi with grenade launchers and machine guns. 
  
 These savages were incited to murder because some fanatical Islamic cleric cited some obscure film made by an even more anonymous American filmmaker that had about as much chance of being released as the last 10 years of Romney's tax returns. 
  
 Several hours before the murders, as anti-American protests swelled, the U.S. Embassy in Cairo condemned "the continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims — as we condemn efforts to offend believers of all religions." 
  
 A lame statement to be sure. 
  
 But the White House quickly said they never approved that statement, claiming, "It doesn't reflect the views of the U.S. government." 
  
 Then all hell broke loose and four Americans were murdered in Benghazi. 
  
 But by 10 p.m. Boston time, before the last beacon of light dimmed at Ground Zero, before Taps had finished echoing through Lower Manhattan, before the last grieving family member had gone to bed on a politics- and politician-free 9/11 commemoration, Romney headquarters issued an embargoed statement to the media on the barbaric attacks. 
  
 The campaign okayed its release at 12:01 a.m. Sept. 12. 
  
 "I'm outraged by the attacks on American diplomatic missions in Libya and Egypt and by the death of an American consulate worker in Benghazi," Romney said. "It's disgraceful that the Obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions, but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks." 
  
 Awful. 
  
 Political, exploitative, opportunistic. 
  
 As Rudy Giuliani learned when he ran for President the American people do not like politicians trying to exploit political mileage from the blood of our dead. 
  
 In boxing, a reckless roundhouse punch like Romney's is the mark of a desperate "amacha" reeling on the ropes after Obama scored a five-point post-convention bump in the polls. 
  
 Romney's Libyan punch missed by a mile and as we bury more innocent Americans killed on Sept. 11, it leaves Romney open for the kind of counterpunch from which even the best fighters often don't recover. 
  
 Hear Romney's defend his statement in this press conference 
  
 Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing! ||||| US Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was killed in Benghazi yesterday, according to multiple reports. 
  
 Four Americans, including Christopher Stevens, the US Ambassador to Libya, were killed in an attack on the US consulate in Benghazi Tuesday. The attackers were armed with guns and rockets and were reportedly angry about a YouTube film that made derogatory statements about Islam and its central figure, Mohammed. In a statement released to the press this morning, President Barack Obama "strongly" condemned the "outrageous attack," saying that the slain US personnel "exemplified America's commitment to freedom, justice, and partnership with nations and people around the globe, and stand in stark contrast to those who callously took their lives." 
  
 There were also protests at the US Embassy in Cairo, where Republicans seized on a weak initial statement from officials there to paint the Obama administration as soft-on-Islam (the US Ambassador to Egypt, Anne W. Patterson, is career diplomat who also served as Bush's Ambassador to Pakistan). The initial statement (which appeared before the attacks on the embassies) and a few since-deleted tweets apologized for the offending video and criticized the "continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims." Though the White House told Politico it hadn't approved the statement, GOP Presidential nominee Mitt Romney accused President Barack Obama of sympathizing with the embassy attackers, saying: 
  
 I'm outraged by the attacks on American diplomatic missions in Libya and Egypt and by the death of an American consulate worker in Benghazi. It's disgraceful that the Obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions, but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks. 
  
 Likewise, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus tweeted yesterday that "Obama sympathizes with attackers in Egypt. Sad and pathetic." So the official Republican response to Americans being killed abroad yesterday is that the president of the United States is on the side of the killers, so vote Romney. 
  
 Despite the persistent Republican fantasy that the United States conducts diplomacy the way that Sean Hannity used to treat Alan Colmes, it's not clear a Republican President would have reacted differently to initial reports. In 2006, when European newspapers published cartoons denigrating Islam's prophet Mohammed, the Bush administration similarly affirmed free speech rights but said that "We find them offensive, and we certainly understand why Muslims would find these images offensive." ||||| 4 years ago 
  
 (CNN) - Mitt Romney's decision to comment on the diplomatic attacks in the Middle East is revealing a split among Republicans who differ over the GOP nominee's remarks on the violence. 
  
 "Too quick to politicize over faulty reporting initially. Too quick to politicize (the) death of foreign service officers. Makes him appear not ready," is how one top adviser to John McCain's 2008 campaign put it to CNN. 
  
  
  
 - Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker 
  
 - Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November. 
  
 But other Republican strategists felt emboldened by Romney's swift and severe condemnation of how the administration's handling of the crisis. 
  
 "This could be a game changer," GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos said. "Romney has to go at this and make it clear that he is doing it not for political gain but because weak, apologetic leadership is dangerous for the country." 
  
 Castellanos was an adviser to Romney during the 2008 presidential campaign, but does not work for the candidate in 2012. 
  
 Late last night, Romney released a statement that was initially embargoed until midnight in keeping with the campaign's decision to avoid political attacks on the president on September 11th. But within minutes the embargo was lifted. 
  
 "It's disgraceful that the Obama administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions, but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks," Romney said in the statement. 
  
 Romney later explained at a morning news conference he was referring to a statement released by the U.S. Embassy in Cairo that condemned a filmmaker for mocking Islam. However, the embassy's statement came out before the violence erupted. (The embassy confirmed the statement on Twitter after the walls of the embassy were breached.) 
  
 In response to questions from reporters about whether he had commented too soon in his initial statement, before the confirmation of the death of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens, Romney called the queries a "hypothetical." He noted the administration backed away from the Embassy's statement. 
  
 "They clearly sent mixed messages to the world," Romney said. 
  
 Other Republican leaders took a more cautious approach in their statements on the violence. 
  
 "Eleven years after September 11, this is a jolting reminder that freedom remains under siege by forces around the globe who relish violence over free expression, and terror over democracy," Boehner said in the statement. ||||| Topics: Diplomacy, 2012 Elections, Libya, Mitt Romney, Politics News 
  
 Ali Aujali, Libya’s ambassador to the U.S., spoke movingly of his late counterpart, Christopher Stevens, and said it was “sad” to see some in the U.S. politicizing the tragedy. Speaking with Salon after a press conference in Washington organized by the Islamic Society of North America, Aujali also said he thought the U.S. Embassy in Cairo did the “right thing” by issuing a statement condemning an anti-Islamic video, a statement that has since been disavowed by the Obama administration and sparked bitter condemnation from Mitt Romney. 
  
 Asked about the U.S. political fracas that has erupted since Romney attacked Obama’s handling of the protests in Cairo and Benghazi, Libya, last night, Aujali said he hoped it would be a time for unity. “I’d like to see very much the American people come together and help the Libyan people together, either Republican or Democratic,” said Aujali, who called Stevens a dear friend and his tennis partner. ||||| Senior Republicans on Capitol Hill are leaving GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney out on a limb after he criticized President Barack Obama’s “disgraceful” handling of the assault on the U.S. embassy in Libya, which led to the death of U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens. 
  
 (Also on POLITICO: Romney blasts Obama ‘apology’) 
  
 Text Size - 
  
 + 
  
 reset 
  
 Indiana Sen. Dick Lugar, the top Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee who personally knew Stevens, refused to assign any blame to the Obama administration. 
  
 “My heart is with Mr. Stevens, my former staff member, my friend,” Lugar told POLITICO on Wednesday. As a Pearson Fellow to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Stevens served as a staffer for Lugar in 2006. Lugar helped shepherd Stevens’s nomination as ambassador through his panel earlier this year. 
  
 “I’m not going to make any comment about the political. None,” the senator added. 
  
 While Romney was very critical of Obama in a morning statement on the Libya attacks, senior Republicans across the board avoided criticizing the administration shortly after Stevens’ death was announced. 
  
 Obama didn’t even get a mention in most GOP press statements blasted Wednesday morning. 
  
 “We mourn for the families of our countrymen in Benghazi, and condemn this horrific attack,” House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement Wednesday. 
  
 “Eleven years after September 11, this is a jolting reminder that freedom remains under siege by forces around the globe who relish violence over free expression, and terror over democracy — and that America and free people everywhere must remain vigilant in defense of our liberties.” 
  
 Majority Leader Eric Cantor and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell also declined to invoke Obama, signaling that for a second day in a row this was a time for Americans to come together and put election-year politics on hold. On Tuesday, Republicans and Democrats gathered on the steps of the Capitol to mark the 11th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. 
  
 “Our thoughts and sympathy today are with the families of these brave Americans,” McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said on the Senate floor. “These attacks remind us of the sacrifices made on a daily basis by foreign service officers, diplomatic security personnel, and our Marine Security Guards.” 
  
 Three of the most important voices on foreign policy — Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Joe Lieberman (I-Conn.) — said they were “anguished and outraged” by the deaths of American diplomats, and considered Stevens a “friend.” But they, too, didn’t see fit to criticize the president the way Romney did. 
  
 (PHOTOS: Anti-U.S. attacks in Cairo, Libya) 
  
 “In the midst of last year’s uprising in Libya, Chris traveled at great personal risk to Benghazi to represent the country he loved as the U.S. envoy to the Libyan opposition,” the senators said in a joint statement. ||||| It's a simple story, but it's got enough moving parts to be worth retelling in brief. So: 
  
 - A group of Coptic Christians, now understandably in hiding, released a baffling satirical video that mocked Muhummad. (You can see the video here.) 
  
  
  
 - Over several days, the video plays about as well as the 2006 "Danish cartoons" did. Early on Tuesday, the U.S. embassy in Egypt (home to many Coptics) releases a statement that "condemns the continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims." (The embassy itself, as CNBC reports, had been partially emptied before the statement was made.) The statement is tweeted at 6:11 a.m. Eastern time. 
  
  
  
 - Despite that overture, protests break out at the embassy—culminating in the raising of a black-and-white flag that resembles the icon of al-Qaida. At 6:30 p.m. Eastern time, the embassy's Twitter account reiterates that it "stands by" the statement. 
  
 - In the next few hours, as America's embassy in Benghazi, Libya, is attacked, the Obama administration and the State Department distance themselves from the Egyptian embassy's press release. The embassy's statement is disavowed; Hillary Clinton says this: 
  
 The United States deplores any intentional effort to denigrate the religious beliefs of others. Our commitment to religious tolerance goes back to the very beginning of our nation. But let me be clear: There is never any justification for violent acts of this kind. 
  
 Politico's Byron Tau posted that at 10:06 p.m. ET. 
  
 - At 10:09 p.m. ET, the Romney campaign sends out a statement to reporters. It's "embargoed until midnight tonight," i.e., until after the 9/11 anniversary. Romney: 
  
  
  
 I'm outraged by the attacks on American diplomatic missions in Libya and Egypt and by the death of an American consulate worker in Benghazi. It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions, but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks. 
  
 At 10:24, the campaign lifts the embargo and reporters start mentioning the statement. 
  
 - At 12:01 a.m. ET, RNC Chairman Reince Priebus tweets: 
  
 Notice that the timestamp says "9:01 p.m." Twitter's website is cued to Pacific Time. Both the RNC and the Romney campaign were honoring a 9/11 embargo that ended only when 9/12 came to the Eastern time zone. 
  
 It was only after this that the extent of the attacks in Benghazi became known. I think that's why, today, you're seeing the GOP leadership in Congress—Cantor, Boehner—condemn the attacks without mentioning the Obama administration at all. No one else is trudging into that particular tar pit. ||||| Mitt Romney's morning press conference on the embassy attacks is recorded for posterity below. He gave it as all manner of reporters were getting their sources to dump on the Romney campaign. Very cool-headed. 
  
  
  
 It's also a bit slippery. Last night Romney said this: "It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions, but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks." All day, reporters have been pointing out that the administration's full response contradicted the Egyptian embassy -- which put out its statement before the fatal and unrelated attacks in Libya. Romney's clean-up: "The embassy is the administration." According to his read, "the president takes responsibility not just for the words that come from his mouth, but also the words that come from his ambassadors, from his embassies, from his State department." When the White House contradicted the embassy, "I had the exact same reaction. These views were inappropriate. They were the wrong course to take." 
  
 And so this is our new-new criticism of the Obama response. 
  
  
  
 The administration was wrong to stand by a statement sympathizing with those who had breached our embassy in Egypt instead of condemning their actions. It's never too early for the United States government to condemn attacks on Americans and to defend our values. The White House distanced itself last night from the statement saying it wasn't cleared by Washington. That reflects the mixed signals they're sending to the world. 
  
  
  
 I think Romney's trying to finesse the confusion over an event that happened half the world away, at night, when very few Americans were reading news. The original embassy statement went out before anyone had been hurt. But most people heard about the embassy violence. Today, they'll see images of the violence. And so, as this news trickles in, they're supposed to know that Romney condemned the "apology" of the Obama administration, but not to know precisely what part of the administration apologized, or what for. 
  
  |||||