Article:
Sen. Lindsey Graham said on Sunday the inability to track Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev is either a failure of the FBI or of U.S. laws. 
  
 “The ball was dropped in one of two ways,” Graham (R-S.C.) said on CNN’s State of the Union.” “The FBI missed a lot of things, is one potential answer, or our laws do not allow the FBI to follow up in a sound solid way.” 
  
 Graham said one of the suspects was an obvious red flag because of his activity online where he talked about killing Americans, and because of his travels into radical areas. 
  
 “It’s people like this that you don’t want to let out of your sight, and this was a mistake,” he said. “Either our laws are insufficient or the FBI failed, but we’re at war with radical Islamists and we need to up our game.” 
  
 Read more about: Lindsey Graham, FBI, Boston Marathon, Tamerlan Tsarnaev ||||| Surveillance video from the Boston Marathon attack shows one suspect dropping his backpack and calmly walking away from it before the bomb inside exploded, Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said Sunday. 
  
 FILE - Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick hugs President Barack Obama as the president was introduced to speak at the "Healing Our City: An Interfaith Service" at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick, right, greets marathoners Rick Hoyt, bottom, and his father Dick before the ceremonial first pitch in a baseball game between the Boston Red Sox and the Kansas City Royals... (Associated Press) 
  
 The video clearly puts 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev at the scene of the attack, Patrick said on NBC's "Meet the Press." 
  
 "It does seem to be pretty clear that this suspect took the backpack off, put it down, did not react when the first explosion went off and then moved away from the backpack in time for the second explosion," Patrick said. "It's pretty clear about his involvement and pretty chilling, frankly." 
  
 Patrick said he hadn't viewed the videotape but had been briefed by law enforcement officials about it. 
  
 Investigators have determined the bombs were fashioned from pressure cookers packed with explosives, nails and ball bearings and hidden in black backpacks. Three people were killed and more than 180 injured when the two bombs exploded Monday about four hours into the race. 
  
 Tsarnaev was captured Friday after being pulled bloody and wounded from a tarp-covered boat in a suburban Boston backyard. He is being guarded by armed officers while he recovers at a Boston hospital. He is in serious condition and hasn't been able to communicate with investigators. 
  
 His 26-year-old brother and alleged accomplice, Tamerlan, died earlier Friday after a gunbattle with police. 
  
 The brothers are also suspected of killing an MIT police officer Thursday and severely injuring a transit officer. 
  
 Patrick said Sunday on CBS' "Face the Nation" that law enforcement officials believe the immediate threat ended when police killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev and captured Dzhokhar. 
  
 The governor said he has no idea why someone would deliberately harm "innocent men, women and children in the way that these two fellows did." 
  
 On Saturday, Patrick appeared on the field at Fenway Park with dozens of local and state police before the Boston Red Sox's first home game since the bombings. ||||| Mississippi Rep. Bennie Thompson, the ranking Democrat on the House Homeland Security Committee, said on Sunday the government cannot prevent every terrorist attack and needs the public's help to spot potential extremists. 
  
 "We've dealt with international terrorists who are trying to get here, but what about the people who are already here?" he said on ABC's "This Week." "That continues to be a day-in-day-out struggle." 
  
 Thompson said that the country could pour more and more money into homeland security but the threat is too great from homegrown radicals. 
  
 "The public absolutely has to understand that to address this nexus of terrorism, they will have to participate," he said, adding that if members of the public don't report suspicious activity, extremists will slip through the cracks. 
  
 Read more about: Bennie Thompson, Homeland Security, Boston Marathon ||||| Investigators believe that two brothers suspected in the Boston Marathon bombing were likely planning other attacks based on the cache of weapons uncovered, the city's police commissioner said Sunday. 
  
 Joseph Eli Libby, 20, of Boston, carries a flag near a makeshift memorial on Boylston Street, near the finish line of the Boston Marathon, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Boston. Boston Marathon bombing suspect... (Associated Press) 
  
 An official wearing SWAT gear walks behind a fenced off area outside of Fenway Park during a baseball game between the Kansas City Royals and the Boston Red Sox, the first game held in the city following... (Associated Press) 
  
 ALTERNATE CROP - This still frame from video shows Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev visible through an ambulance after he was captured in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. The... (Associated Press) 
  
 This still frame from video shows Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev visible through an ambulance after he was captured in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. The 19-year-old college... (Associated Press) 
  
 A gathering applaud as police leave the scene of the arrest of a suspect of the Boston Marathon bombings in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. Two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing killed... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police in tactical gear conduct a search for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. The bombs that blew up seconds apart near the finish line of the Boston... (Associated Press) 
  
 In this undated photo provided by Robin Young, Dzhokhar A. Tsarnaev, poses for a photo after graduating from Cambridge Rindge and Latin High School. Tsarnaev has been identified as the surviving suspect... (Associated Press) 
  
 Ruslan Tsarni, the uncle of the Boston Marathon bombing suspect, speaks with the media outside his home in Montgomery Village in Md. Friday, April, 19, 2013. Tsarni urged his nephew to turn himself in.... (Associated Press) 
  
 This photo released by the FBI early Friday April 19, 2013, shows what the FBI is calling suspect number 2, walking through the crowd in Boston on Monday, April 15, 2013, before the explosions at the... (Associated Press) 
  
 This photo released by the FBI early Friday April 19, 2013, shows what the FBI is calling suspect number 1, walking through the crowd in Boston on Monday, April 15, 2013, before the explosions at the... (Associated Press) 
  
 People, including Barbara J. Cole, center, chant during a vigil for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing, Saturday, April 20, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. Suspected bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is hospitalized... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - Mimi de Quesada, of Watertown, Mass., stands outside near her home after she heard the sound of shots fired in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013, as a massive search continued for one of... (Associated Press) 
  
 This Friday, April 19, 2013 image made available by the Massachusetts State Police shows a police vehicle probing the boat where 19-year-old Boston Marathon bombing suspect, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, was hiding... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police officers stand near statues of former Boston Red Sox greats, from left, Ted Williams, Bobby Doerr, Johnny Pesky and Dom DiMaggio during a baseball game between the Kansas City Royals and the Boston... (Associated Press) 
  
 This photo combo shows an empty Kenmore Square, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Boston, top, at lunchtime during a call for "shelter-in-place" for Boston and some area communities as authorities searched for... (Associated Press) 
  
 Andre Savazoni, 38, of Brazil, who participated in his second Boston Marathon this week, takes a photo of a crowd gathered at Boston Common after the final suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing was arrested,... (Associated Press) 
  
 This updated wanted poster was released by the FBI Friday evening, April 19, 2013, showing Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the suspect the FBI originally called suspect number 2 in the bombings at the Boston Marathon.... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police stand guard outside Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Friday, April 19, 2013 after an ambulance carrying Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, a19-year-old Massachusetts college student wanted in the Boston Marathon... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police SWAT team member smile as they leave the scene of the arrest of a suspect of the Boston Marathon bombings in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. Two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing... (Associated Press) 
  
 A man applauds as police leave the scene of the arrest of a suspect of the Boston Marathon bombings in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. Two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing killed an MIT... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police officers guard the entrance to Franklin street where there is an active crime scene search for the suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. Gunfire erupted... (Associated Press) 
  
 A police officer stands guard at the scene as the search for suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings continues , Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. Gunfire erupted Friday night amid the manhunt... (Associated Press) 
  
 A police officer evacuates a shoeless man holding a child as members of law enforcement conduct a search for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. Two... (Associated Press) 
  
 This photo released by the FBI early Friday April 19, 2013, shows what the FBI is calling suspect number 2 behind a lady, walking through the crowd in Boston on Monday, April 15, 2013, before the explosions... (Associated Press) 
  
 A bomb squad truck arrives at an incident Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. in which shots were reported to have been fired. (AP Photo/Craig Ruttle) (Associated Press) 
  
 This Friday, April 19, 2013 image made available by the Massachusetts State Police shows 19-year-old Boston Marathon bombing suspect, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, hiding inside a boat during a search for him in... (Associated Press) 
  
 A police officer reacts to news of the arrest of one of the Boston Marathon bombing suspects, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Boston. Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured in Watertown,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Taylor Richard, center, of Belmont, Mass., and Alyssa Kohler, 17, of Cambridge, Mass., wrap themselves in the American Flag in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. A 19-year-old Massachusetts college... (Associated Press) 
  
 Law enforcement search for the suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. Gunfire erupted Friday night amid the manhunt for the surviving suspect in the Boston... (Associated Press) 
  
 Officials brief the media on a standoff in Watertown, Mass., Friday, April 19, 2013. Authorities say one of two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing is dead and a massive manhunt is underway for another... (Associated Press) 
  
 This surveillance photo released via Twitter Friday, April 19, 2013 by the Boston Police Department shows a suspect entering a convenience store that police are pursuing in Watertown, Mass. Police say... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police work a crime scene Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. A tense night of police activity that left a university officer dead on campus just days after the Boston Marathon bombings and amid... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police officers aim their weapons Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. A tense night of police activity that left a university officer dead on campus just days after the Boston Marathon bombings... (Associated Press) 
  
 A police officer gives a thumbs up to another in Watertown, Mass. Friday, April 19, 2013, after the manhunt for the second of two suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing was captured. A 19-year-old college... (Associated Press) 
  
 A light beam from a helicopter, top right, aims in the direction of Watertown, Mass., where officials searched for a suspect in the Boston Marathon explosions, Friday, April 19, 2013, in Boston. Officials... (Associated Press) 
  
 This photo released by the FBI early Friday April 19, 2013, shows what the FBI is calling the suspects together, walking through the crowd in Boston on Monday, April 15, 2013, before the explosions at... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police officers walk near a crime scene Friday, April 19, 2013, in Watertown, Mass. A tense night of police activity that left a university officer dead on campus just days after the Boston Marathon bombings... (Associated Press) 
  
 Officers wearing tactical gear arrive at the Watertown neighborhood of Boston, Friday, April 19, 2013. Reports of explosives being detonated and police are telling reporters to turn off their cell phones.... (Associated Press) 
  
 This combination of undated photos shows Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, left, and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19. The FBI says the two brothers and suspects in the Boston Marathon bombing killed an MIT police officer,... (Associated Press) 
  
 As Boston-area residents came together in prayer and reflection after a tumultuous week, the lone surviving suspect in the bombing lay hospitalized under heavy guard apparently in no shape for interrogation. 
  
 What 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev will say and when are unclear. He remained in serious condition two days after being pulled bloody and wounded from a tarp-covered boat in a Watertown backyard. The capture came at the end of a tense Friday that began with his 26-year-old brother, Tamerlan, dying in a gun battle with police. 
  
 There was no immediate word on when Tsarnaev might be charged and what those charges would be. The twin bombings killed three people and wounded more than 180. 
  
 The most serious charge available to federal prosecutors would be the use of a weapon of mass destruction to kill people, which carries a possible death sentence. Massachusetts does not have the death penalty. 
  
 Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis told CBS' "Face the Nation" that authorities found an arsenal of homemade explosives after Friday's gun battle between police and the two suspects. 
  
 "We have reason to believe, based upon the evidence that was found at that scene _ the explosions, the explosive ordnance that was unexploded and the firepower that they had _ that they were going to attack other individuals," Davis said. "That's my belief at this point." 
  
 The scene of the gun battle was loaded with unexploded bombs, and authorities had to alert arriving officers to them and clear the scene, Davis said. One improvised explosive device was found in the Mercedes the brothers are accused of carjacking, he said. 
  
 "This was as dangerous as it gets in urban policing," Davis said. 
  
 U.S. officials said the elite interrogation team would question Tsarnaev, a Massachusetts college student, without reading him his Miranda rights, which guarantees the right to remain silent and the right to an attorney. Such an exception is allowed on a limited basis when the public may be in immediate danger, such as instances in which bombs are planted and ready to go off. 
  
 American Civil Liberties Union Executive Director Anthony Romero said the legal exception applies only when there is a continued threat to public safety and is "not an open-ended exception" to the Miranda rule. 
  
 The federal public defender's office in Massachusetts said it has agreed to represent Tsarnaev once he is charged. Miriam Conrad, public defender for Massachusetts, said he should have a lawyer appointed as soon as possible because there are "serious issues regarding possible interrogation." 
  
 But Republican Rep. Mike Rogers told NBC's "Meet the Press" that he's not worried that the government has decided against reading the suspect his rights. Rogers said FBI agents need to know whether there are other bombs more than they need to use in court what the suspect might tell them. 
  
 Rogers, a former FBI agent, said there is so much evidence against the suspect that a conviction should be easy. 
  
 Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick said Sunday that surveillance video from Monday's Boston Marathon attack shows Dzhokhar Tsarnaev dropping his backpack and calmly walking away from it before the bomb inside it exploded. 
  
 "It does seem to be pretty clear that this suspect took the backpack off, put it down, did not react when the first explosion went off and then moved away from the backpack in time for the second explosion," Patrick told NBC television. "It's pretty clear about his involvement and pretty chilling, frankly." 
  
 He added, however, that he hasn't viewed all the tapes but had been briefed by law enforcement about them. 
  
 President Barack Obama said there are many unanswered questions about the bombing, including whether the Tsarnaev brothers - ethnic Chechens from southern Russia who had been in the U.S. for about a decade and lived in the Boston area - had help from others. The president urged people not to rush judgment about their motivations. 
  
 Speaking on "Face the Nation," Patrick said that he has no idea what motivated the suspects. The governor said it's hard to imagine why someone would deliberately harm "innocent men, women and children in the way that these two fellows did." 
  
 Patrick also said law enforcers believe the immediate threat ended when police killed one suspect and captured the other. 
  
 Patrick said Saturday afternoon that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was in serious but stable condition and was probably unable to communicate. Tsarnaev was at Boston's Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, where 11 victims of the bombing were still being treated. 
  
 On Sunday, family and friends attended a wake at a funeral home in Medford, Massachusetts, for Krystle Campbell, a 29-year-old restaurant worker, who was one one of the three people killed in the marathon bombing. A private funeral is scheduled for Monday. 
  
 Eight-year-old Martin Richard of Boston's Dorchester neighborhood and 23-year-old Lu Lingzi, a Boston University graduate student from China, also died in the attacks. BU is holding a memorial service for Lu on Monday. 
  
 On Sunday, a Boston synagogue opened its doors to worshippers from Trinity Church, which sits in the shadow of the Marathon finish line and remains closed. An interfaith service will also be held Sunday near the finish line where people set up a make-shift memorial as police cleared away debris from the bombing. The Rev. Nancy Taylor of the Old South Church said worshippers will be showing solidarity with the bombing victims. 
  
 Cardinal Sean O'Malley was offering a Mass to pray for those killed and injured in the attack and manhunt for the suspects. The service will also honor police, firefighters, emergency medical technicians and doctors who saved lives. 
  
 The all-day manhunt Friday brought the Boston area to a near standstill and put people on edge across the metropolitan area. 
  
 The break came around nightfall when a homeowner in Watertown saw blood on his boat, pulled back the tarp and saw a bloody Dzhokhar Tsarnaev hiding inside, police said. After an exchange of gunfire, he was seized and taken away in an ambulance. 
  
 Raucous celebrations erupted in and around Boston, with chants of "USA! USA!" Residents flooded the streets in relief four days after the two pressure-cooker bombs packed with nails and other shrapnel went off. 
  
 During the long night of violence leading up to the capture, the Tsarnaev brothers killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer, severely wounded another lawman and took part in a furious shootout and car chase in which they hurled homemade explosives at police, authorities said. 
  
 Watertown Police Chief Edward Deveau said one of the explosives was the same type used during Monday's Boston Marathon attack, and authorities later recovered a pressure cooker lid that had embedded in a car down the street. He said the suspects also tossed two grenades before Tamerlan Tsarnaev ran out of ammunition and police tackled him. 
  
 But while handcuffing him, officers had to dive out of the way as Dzhokhar drove the carjacked Mercedes at them, Deveau said. The sport utility vehicle dragged Tamerlan's body down the block, he said. Police initially tracked the escaped suspect by a blood trail he left behind a house after he abandoned the Mercedes, negotiating his surrender hours later. 
  
 The federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is tracing the weapons to try to determine how they were obtained by the suspects. 
  
 Chechnya, where the Tsarnaev family has roots, has been the scene of two wars between Russian forces and separatists since 1994. That spawned an Islamic insurgency that has carried out deadly bombings in Russia and the region, although not in the West. 
  
 Investigators have not offered a motive for the Boston attack. But in interviews with officials and those who knew the Tsarnaevs, a picture has emerged of the older one as someone embittered toward the U.S., increasingly vehement in his Muslim faith and influential over his younger brother. 
  
 The Russian FSB intelligence service told the FBI in 2011 about information that Tamerlan Tsarnaev was a follower of radical Islam, two law enforcement officials said Saturday. 
  
 According to an FBI news release, a foreign government said that Tamerlan Tsarnaev appeared to be a strong believer and that he had changed drastically since 2010 as he prepared to leave the U.S. for travel to a region in Russia to join unspecified underground groups. 
  
 The FBI did not name the foreign government, but the two officials said it was Russia. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk about the matter publicly. 
  
 The FBI said that in response, its agents interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev and relatives, and did not find any domestic or foreign terrorism activity. The bureau said it looked into such things as his telephone and online activity, his travels and his associations with others. 
  
 An uncle of the Tsarnaev brothers said he had a falling-out with Tamerlan over the man's increased commitment to Islam. 
  
 Ruslan Tsarni from Maryland said Tamerlan told him in a 2009 phone conversation that he had chosen "God's business" over work or school. Tsarni said he then contacted a family friend who told him Tsarnaev had been influenced by a recent convert to Islam. 
  
 Tsarni said his relationship with his nephew basically ended after that call. 
  
 As for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, "he's been absolutely wasted by his older brother. I mean, he used him. He used him for whatever he's done," Tsarni said. 
  
 Albrecht Ammon, a downstairs-apartment neighbor of Tamerlan Tsarnaev in Cambridge, said in an interview that the older brother had strong political views about the United States. Ammon quoted Tsarnaev as saying that the U.S. uses the Bible as "an excuse for invading other countries." 
  
 Tamerlan Tsarnaev studied accounting as a part-time student at Bunker Hill Community College in Boston for three semesters from 2006 to 2008, the school said. He was married with a young daughter. 
  
 Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was a student at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth. The college was evacuated Friday, but officials said residence and dining halls will reopen Sunday. 
  
 As of Saturday, more than 50 victims of the bombing remained hospitalized, three in critical condition. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Bridget Murphy , Katie Zezima, Denise Lavoie and Steve Peoples in Boston; Mike Hill in Watertown, Massachusetts; Colleen Long in New York; Pete Yost in Washington; Eric Tucker in Montgomery Village, Maryland; and AP Sports Writer Jimmy Golen in Boston contributed to this report. ||||| Boston Mayor Thomas Menino lashed out on Sunday at the Tsarnaev brothers for the marathon bombings that killed three an wounded scores more. 
  
 "I hope that the U.S. attorney, Carmen Ortiz, takes them on the federal side and throws the book at them," he said on ABC's "This Week." "These two individuals held the city hostage for five days." 
  
 Menino revealed that the investigation so far has not turned up any additional suspects. 
  
 "All the information I have is they acted alone," he said. 
  
 Menino defended the decision to shut down the city while the younger brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, was still on the loose following a shootout with police Friday night that killed older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev. 
  
 "I had information that there was other things going on," he said, adding that a pipe bomb was later found elsewhere in Boston. "I agreed with that decision at the time." 
  
 The Democratic mayor urged Americans to be even more vigilant following the attack. 
  
 "Americans have to wake up," he said. "We have to work hard on these issues." 
  
 Read more about: Thomas Menino, Boston Marathon, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, Tamerlan Tsarnaev ||||| Rep. Peter King blasted the FBI on Sunday for failing to prevent the Tsarnaev brothers from carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings when the agency had already been told about the older brother's extremist potential. 
  
 "This is at least the fifth case I'm aware of where the FBI has failed to stop someone," the chairman of the House Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence said on "Fox News Sunday." 
  
 King, a Republican from New York, ticked off cases such as Anwar al-Awlaki, who planned terrorist attacks as part of al Qaeda; Carlos Bledsoe, who opened fire in in front of a military recruiting office in Little Rock, Ark., in 2009; and Nidal Malik Hasan, who opened fire at Fort Hood, Texas, in 2009. 
  
 "This is the latest in a series of cases like this...where the FBI is given information about someone as being a potential terrorist," King said. "They look at them, and then they don’t take action, and then they go out and commit murders." 
  
 The FBI questioned Tamerlan Tsarnaev about two years ago on the request of the Russian government, but concluded he was not a threat. 
  
 King said Tsarnaev should have been flagged and monitored at the least. 
  
 "He has statements up on his web site, he’s talking about radical imams," he said. 
  
 King said law enforcement needs to focus more intently on the Muslim community, where the terror threat is emanating from, even though 99 percent of Muslims are law-abiding, good people. 
  
 "If you know a threat is coming from a certain community, you have to go after that," he said. 
  
 Read more about: Peter King, Boston Marathon, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ||||| Former White House counter-terrorism adviser Richard Clarke said on Sunday one of the most dangerous impacts of the Boston bombings is that it showed other radicals just how easy it was to pull off. 
  
 "Now that people have seen what two men can do with easily obtainable materials -- close down a city, get the president of the United States to show up," Clarke said on ABC's "This Week with George Stephanopoulos. "Other people around the country who have been radicalized have watched this, and they're going to wonder, is there a way now that I can do this?" 
  
 Clarke, who worked under Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, said the FBI has done a good job of ensnaring potential terrorists by setting them up -- "pretending to be Al Qaeda" -- and then going after them for plotting attacks before they can carry them out. But Clarke said the events in Boston provided a dangerous example for "self-radicalized" extremists who may have previously thought carrying out such an act was too difficult to attempt. 
  
 While the FBI has been criticized for failing to stop the Tsarnaev brothers despite being warned by Russia of the older brother's potential extremism, Clarke wants to know what the Russian government did with the information. The older brother, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, spent six months in Russia last year. 
  
 "What I want to know is what did the Russians do when he went back to Russia?" Clarke said. "What did they do, did they follow him around?" 
  
 Read more about: Richard Clarke, Boston Marathon, Tamerlan Tsarnaev |||||Summary: