Here is a news article: FAIRHOPE, Ala. — Steve Bannon barreled onstage at a raucous rally inside a barn here to deliver a warning to the national Republican establishment ahead of Tuesday’s special Senate election: I’m just getting started. 
  
 In a thundering 20-minute speech Monday night that was partly a rally for insurgent Senate candidate Roy Moore but equally a declaration of war on the Republican Party hierarchy, Bannon made clear that this next act of his political career could make the Republican civil war of recent years look tame. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 “For Mitch McConnell and Ward Baker and Karl Rove and Steven Law — all the instruments that tried to destroy Judge Moore and his family — your day of reckoning is coming,” Bannon said, referring to the Republican Senate leader and a trio of prominent GOP strategists backing incumbent Sen. Luther Strange. “But more important, for the donors who put up the [campaign] money and the corporatists that put up the money, your day of reckoning is coming, too.” 
  
 With polls showing Moore leading comfortably, the event was an early victory lap of sorts for the nationalist ex-Trump adviser. Since departing the White House last month, he’s made electing Moore — a like-minded, pugilistic outsider — the first of what he hopes will be many pet projects to oust “globalist” Republican incumbents. Bannon broke with his ex-boss, President Donald Trump — who traveled to the state last week to campaign for Strange — and suggested Monday that the president was duped into supporting the incumbent. 
  
 Bannon said mainstream Republicans behind Strange's campaign regard Alabama voters as “a pack of morons. They think you’re nothing but rubes. They have no interest at all in what you have to say, what you have to think or what you want to do. And tomorrow, you’re gonna get an opportunity to tell them what you think of the elites who run this country!” 
  
 Morning Score newsletter Your guide to the permanent campaign — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. 
  
 Bannon headlined the get-out-the-vote rally inside a hay-lined barn alongside Moore — who at one point pulled a gun out of his pocket to highlight his Second Amendment bona fides —Brexit leader Nigel Farage and “Duck Dynasty” star Phil Robertson. 
  
 But Bannon stole the proverbial show. In his fiery us vs. them rhetoric, Bannon name-checked his enemies, repeatedly going after McConnell. 
  
 “Mitch McConnell and his permanent political class is the most corrupt, incompetent group of individuals in this country!” Bannon said to loud applause. 
  
 Perhaps sensitive to the perception that he was rebuking the president, the former White House chief strategist insisted that it was Moore, not Strange, would do the most to back the Trump agenda. “We did not come here to defy Donald Trump, we came here to praise and honor him,” he said. 
  
 A Moore win, Bannon has argued, would open the floodgates for anti-incumbent primary challengers across the map. He has also zeroed in on looming Senate primaries in states where GOP incumbents are up for reelection, including Arizona, Nevada, Tennessee and Mississippi. Among those present at the were Chris McDaniel, a tea party figure who is weighing a primary challenge to Mississippi Sen. Roger Wicker, and Mark Green, a state senator from Tennessee who has flirted with running against GOP Sen. Bob Corker. Bannon met with both McDaniel and Green Monday night. 
  
 Back at his old perch as chief executive of Breitbart News, Bannon played a key role corralling conservative support for Moore, a 70-year-old staunch social conservative who rose to national fame after defying a federal order to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building. 
  
 Bannon met with dozens of influential right-of-center groups, including the Conservative Action Project, the Council for National Policy, Judicial Watch and Groundswell, a group overseen by Ginni Thomas, the spouse of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas. Bannon also met with key movement leaders from the Capitol Hill townhouse that serves as Breitbart's nerve center. 
  
 Bannon made the same pitch in nearly all the meetings. Alabama, he said, was a monumental battle — the kind of fight that crystallized what he saw as a collision with the mainstream GOP wing that he was convinced was threatening the Trump presidency he and other grass-roots conservatives had worked so hard for. 
  
 It was a perfect opportunity to undermine McConnell, Bannon argued. With the heart of the Senate primary season still months away, the special election was the moment to strike. 
  
 He also came to relish the idea of the bellicose Moore making McConnell’s life difficult in the Senate. 
  
 Not everyone whom Bannon met with had the stomach to take on McConnell, particularly with such a jam-packed fall legislative calendar on the horizon. But the Breitbart chief wanted to make clear that Alabama was his priority. 
  
 Bannon got behind the candidate who was being massively outspent and had few campaign resources. The former Trump adviser didn’t work to raise money for Moore, but rather used his prominence to help get people behind him. He helped to persuade Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks, a conservative who fell short in the first round of voting, to endorse the former judge. 
  
 Bannon met with Moore and offered him advice. And he also turned Breitbart against Strange, dispatching staffers including Matt Boyle to the state to write critical articles about the senator. 
  
 A Bannon-affiliated outside group, Great America Alliance, aired anti-Strange ads and hosted a pro-Moore rally that was attended by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. 
  
 Yet delving into the race wasn’t without risk for Bannon, who found himself going up against the president. On Friday, Trump flew to Huntsville to hold a rally for Strange. 
  
 Trump and Bannon recently spoke about the race over the phone, with each laying out their reasons for their endorsements. 
  
 When he took the stage a little later in the evening, Moore almost immediately turned his attention to Bannon. “He gave more encouragement," Moore said, "than almost anybody this whole time.” ||||| Fairhope, Alabama (CNN) The anti-establishment right is on a mission in Tuesday's Republican Senate primary here to save President Donald Trump from himself. 
  
 Yes, Trump endorsed Sen. Luther Strange over Roy Moore to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. 
  
 But two of Trump's key 2016 campaign allies say to forget that, saying that Strange is tainted by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and $10 million in advertising muscle from a McConnell-aligned super PAC. 
  
 "They think you're a pack of morons. They think you're nothing but rubes," said Steve Bannon, Trump's campaign chief executive and, until his recent ouster, White House chief strategist. 
  
 Inside a sweaty barn south of Mobile, Bannon told voters that ignoring Trump's endorsement and voting for Moore is the way to support Trump's agenda. 
  
 "We did not come here to defy Donald Trump. We came here to praise and honor him," Bannon said. 
  
 A Moore win would "rejuvenate" the movement Trump started, said Nigel Farage, the British "Brexit" champion. 
  
 "This point about getting Judge Roy Moore is to help the President, isn't it?" he said, as the crowd packed into a Southern Alabama barn shouted, "Yes!" 
  
 "Sometimes you've got to show tough love to your own guys," said Tim James, the son of former Republican Gov. Bob James. Trump, James said, is "gonna think twice before he jumps in a family feud again." 
  
 The bitter intra-party battle for the seat Sessions vacated in February comes to an end Tuesday. But a win by Moore -- which national and state Republicans acknowledge is a strong possibility -- would inject fuel into anti-establishment candidates' bids to unseat several other sitting Senate Republicans. 
  
 Already, Bannon is backing Danny Tarkanian over Sen. Dean Heller in Nevada and Kelli Ward over Sen. Jeff Flake in Arizona. Republican primaries in the 10 Democratic-held Senate seats in states Trump won that are on the ballot in 2018 could see similar brawls. 
  
 It's part of why the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund has spent $10 million in the primary to boost Strange and tear down Moore. 
  
 The other part of the McConnell camp's calculus: Moore, who was twice ousted as state Supreme Court chief justice -- once for refusing to remove a Ten Commandments monument, then for ignoring the US Supreme Court's same-sex marriage ruling -- campaigns on installing Christianity at the center of American public life and rejecting LGBT rights. His long history of controversial remarks would be a fundraising boon for Democrats, and would lead to uncomfortable questions for Republican senators about whether they agree or disagree with their new colleague. 
  
 For his part, Moore seemed to be animated on the campaign trail by the spending against his relatively shoestring campaign. 
  
 "Will we send them a message? Very clear -- Alabama can't be bought," he said Monday night. "Mitch McConnell needs to be replaced!" 
  
 The irony of the pro-Moore crowd's insistence that he, not Strange, would be a more reliable ally, is that Moore has broken with Trump on health care -- saying he'd vote against the latest GOP Obamacare repeal bill because it doesn't fully eliminate the law. 
  
 For Trump, the fate of Strange -- a reliable vote in the Senate and someone who brags about his "close, personal friendship" with the President -- will demonstrate just how strongly his word can influence the outcome of GOP battles. A Strange win could ease the concerns of some other Republican lawmakers who fear primary battles. 
  
 Trump has spent heavily from his own political capital in the Alabama race. The President visited Huntsville for a raucous Friday night rally, and Vice President Mike Pence was on hand Monday night in Birmingham to close out Strange's campaign. 
  
 Sensing the danger of McConnell's support for Strange, Trump also called into Alabama's "The Rick and Bubba Show" Monday morning to insist that the two senators hardly know each other. 
  
 "As you know, Mitch is not, polling-wise, the most popular guy in this country," Trump said. "They like to label (Strange) because he happened to be there for a number of months in the Senate, so they like to label him as Mitch's best friend but he's not. He hardly even knows him. He'll be fighting Mitch." 
  
 Trump pledged Friday night in Huntsville to campaign for Moore if he won. 
  
 But in Monday's radio interview, he warned that Moore would face a stiff fight against Democratic nominee Doug Jones in the December general election. 
  
 "Roy Moore is going to have a very hard time getting elected against the Democrat," Trump said. "And Luther, they won't even be fighting." ||||| Roy Moore, Alabama’s "Ten Commandments judge" is running for Senate and touting his religious convictions along the way. 
  
 “I want to see virtue and morality returned to our country and God is the only source of our law, liberty and government,” Moore said during Thursday’s debate with Luther Strange. He has also called religious liberty “the civil rights issue of our time” in a written statement about prayer in public school and claimed that God punishes the U.S. for immoral behavior. 
  
 Moore is best known for installing a monument of the Ten Commandments at the Alabama Supreme Court during his tenure as Chief Justice and getting suspended when he defied a court order to remove it. 
  
 Here are ten of the craziest things Moore has said about church and state, gay rights, evolution and divine retribution. 
  
 Separation of Powers 
  
 Moore’s ten year fight to install the Ten Commandments at the courthouse went hand in hand with his beliefs in the importance of Christian values for the United States. 
  
 “The Church's role should be separated from the state's role. That is the definition of separation of church and state. But separation of church and state was never meant to separate God and government,” Moore told Gwen Ifill during an interview with PBS Flashpoints USA in 2004. 
  
 Moore went on to further explain his beliefs in 2015 during a speech he gave to the fundamentalist Christian political organization, Operation Save America. 
  
 "I'm sorry but this country was not founded on Muhammad. It was not founded on Buddha. It was not founded on secular humanism. It was founded on God," he said according to reports by AL.com. 
  
 Islam 
  
 Moore has also been critical of Islam saying that it goes against America’s way of life. 
  
 “[Islam is] a faith that conflicts with the First Amendment of the Constitution,” Moore said during a 2007 radio interview with Michelangelo Signorile, “The Constitution and Declaration of Independence has a direct reference to the Holy Scriptures.” 
  
 He then echoed the sentiment this past July and called Islam a “false religion” during an event with the Jefferson County Republican Club. 
  
 “False religions like Islam, who teach that 'you must worship this way,' are completely opposite with what our First Amendment stands for," Moore said. 
  
 Gay Rights 
  
 Moore’s ardent stance against gay rights cost him his second stint as Alabama Chief Justice last year after he banned Alabama judges from issuing same sex marriage licenses. Moore also sided against a lesbian woman during a custody battle because of her sexuality in 2002. 
  
 “It is an inherent evil against which children must be protected,” Moore wrote in his opinion on the case. 
  
 CNN also uncovered a 2005 interview between Moore and Bill Press during C-SPAN2’s After Words where he compared homosexuality to bestiality. 
  
 “Just because it’s done behind closed doors, it can still be prohibited by state law. Do you know that bestiality, the relationship between man and beast is prohibited in every state?” Moore told Press. When asked if Moore was comparing homosexuality to bestiality, he replied, “It’s the same thing.” 
  
 Evolution 
  
 Moore also refutes evolution. 
  
 “There is no such thing as evolution,” Moore told The Washington Post. “That we came from a snake? No, I don’t believe that.” 
  
 God’s Wrath 
  
 Moore has harsh words for unbelievers. He even implied that the 9/11 terrorist attacks were God’s retribution. During an event at the Open Door Baptist Church, he quoted a passage from Isaiah that described a faithless people who suffered a sudden and relentless fall. 
  
 “Sounds a little bit like the Pentagon, whose breaking came suddenly at an instance, doesn't it?" Moore said. “If you think that's coincidence, if you go to verse 25, 'there should be up on every high mountain and upon every hill rivers and streams of water in the day of the great slaughter when the towers will fall.' You know, we've suffered a lot in this country, maybe, just maybe, because we've distanced ourselves from the one that has it within his hands to heal this land." 
  
 When not quoting the Bible, Moore also draws upon his own poetry. During a press conference to defend the Ten Commandments in 2003, he read his poem, Our American Birthright where he praised America’s founders for their faith then lamented the fall of the US as a Christian nation. Three stanzas stand out. ||||| Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| Washington 
  
 The future of Donald Trump’s presidency could ride on what Alabama Republicans do at the polls on Tuesday. 
  
 If Trump’s favored candidate, Sen. Luther Strange, wins after trailing in recent polls, the president can claim that he still can work magic with the GOP base. But if challenger Roy Moore, a former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice, wins the primary, Trump and the party will have to fight harder to get things done. 
  
 Strange, 64, was appointed to the U.S. Senate after Trump picked then Sen. Jeff Sessions to be his attorney general. 
  
 It was a messy appointment. Strange, the Alabama attorney general, had been investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for improperly using state funds to cover up an extramarital affair. Shortly after naming Strange to succeed Sessions, Bentley pleaded guilty to two misdemeanors and resigned in a deal that spared him jail time. 
  
 Moore, 70, carries a different kind of baggage. Known as the “Ten Commandments judge,” he became a national figure in the 1990s when he refused a court order to remove a plaque of the Ten Commandments from his county bench. He rode his notoriety to become the state Supreme Court’s chief justice in 2000 and again defied a court order to remove a large granite slab with the Ten Commandments, leading to his removal from the court. In 2012, voters returned Moore to head the high court again, a position he lost in 2016 after he directed judges not to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples. 
  
 Trump endorsed Strange in August, despite the stiff challenge presented by a crowded primary field. In the Aug. 15 primary, Strange finished second, with 33 percent of the vote to Moore’s 39 percent. 
  
 The GOP establishment prefers Strange to Moore because they think he has a better chance against Democrat Doug Jones, a former federal prosecutor who could draw moderate Republican votes in the Dec. 12 general election. 
  
 Trump told voters at a Strange rally in Huntsville Friday night, if Strange wins the primary, he will “definitely win,” But if Moore wins the primary, “Roy has a very good chance of not winning in the general election.” 
  
 Democrats concur. “I’m happy about Roy Moore winning,” said Paul Maslin, who polls for the Jones campaign. “That’s the one chance we’ve got.” 
  
 If the GOP loses this race, its majority would shrink to 51-49 in the Senate. That would make it harder to pass measures in the Senate that require 60 votes to earn a floor vote — and harder still as Republican lawmakers see less reason to risk their seats for Trump’s agenda. 
  
 While Trump supports Strange, former Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon, now executive chairman of Breitbart News, headed to Mobile to campaign for Moore Monday night and his Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson issued a statement supporting Moore. 
  
 “I don’t view those supporting Moore as opposing Trump,” said GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alice Stewart. “A lot of them were for Moore long before Trump put his support in for Strange. Everyone picked their candidate and didn’t let any opposing factors change their mind.” 
  
 Trump’s mistake, Stewart said, was to support Strange. The president seems to concur. In his rambling Huntsville speech, Trump confessed, “I might have made a mistake,” because if Strange loses the media will cover his defeat as a loss for Trump. 
  
 It was at the Huntsville rally that Trump brought up football players who won’t stand for the national anthem. “Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘Get that son of a b—- off the field right now. Out. He’s fired.’” 
  
 Did Trump bring up the NFL anthem issue in order to help Strange rally the GOP base and confound the pollsters with a win? 
  
 “No, he doesn’t think that way,” said Maslin, the Democratic pollster, adding that he believes Trump brought up the subject to win cheers from patriotic football-loving Alabama voters 
  
 “I think he did it on purpose,” agreed Henry Olsen, author of The Working Class Republican: Ronald Reagan and the Return of Blue-Collar Conservatism. He declined to guess whether his goal was a Strange victory or a boisterous audience reaction. 
  
 Sometimes when things are going really well for Trump, he has a way of stoking a gratuitous controversy and “instinctively moves to an issue where his side would rally to him.” 
  
 “Trump’s got this genius for this certain type of issue,” said Olsen. “The problem is that he’s only got this genius for a certain type of issue.” 
  
 COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM ||||| Is President Trump about to suffer his biggest electoral setback ever? That’s the question on people’s minds ahead of Tuesday’s Republican primary runoff in Alabama’s special Senate election. Trump’s preferred candidate, Sen. Luther Strange, is facing off against former state Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore for the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. 
  
 Moore is the favorite, but not by so much that a Strange win would be … well, strange. (Sorry.) Moore has led in every reliable public poll of the runoff. 
  
 But if you look closely enough, it does seem that Moore’s edge has been declining in the waning days of the primary race. A number of surveys released over the past 10 days have put his lead in the single digits, though polls conducted this past weekend seemed to put Moore 10 percentage points or more ahead of his opponent. Private polls conducted by Strange’s allies show a tighter race. And remember, primary polls are typically less accurate than general election polls. 
  
 If Strange is indeed closing the gap, it may be thanks to an onslaught of TV ads against Moore. Outside groups, such as the Senate Leadership Fund, a group allied with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, have poured millions of dollars into the race on Strange’s behalf. Moore, meanwhile, has received considerably fewer contributions and less outside support. 
  
 Strange could also be benefiting from Trump’s support. While Trump endorsed Strange before the initial primary on Aug. 15, that backing was mostly confined to tweets. This past Friday, however, Trump staged a rally with Strange in Alabama. (However, at one point during the rally, Trump said he may have made a mistake in endorsing Strange.) Given that Trump’s approval rating among the Republican electorate in Alabama is about 80 percent, it’s possible that Trump’s rally could have given Strange a potentially game-changing boost ahead of Tuesday’s vote. 
  
 It’s also possible, however, that the president’s efforts will be for naught. Polling suggests that voters know about Trump’s endorsement but are still going for Moore. Alabama voters seem to be in an anti-incumbency mood. Strange was appointed to his seat by disgraced former Gov. Robert Bentley, who resigned after he was embroiled in a sex scandal, and the ad campaign by the Senate Leadership Fund may remind voters that Strange has also been endorsed by McConnell, who has had more than his share of dust-ups with Trump. 
  
 Moore, for his part, seems to fit the Trump brand better than Strange. Like Trump, Moore has a history of fighting the establishment — he even went so far as to challenge the incumbent Republican governor in a 2006 primary. Moore’s anti-establishment history may be why Sarah Palin and ex-Trump administration members Steve Bannon and Sebastian Gorka have endorsed him. The Moore-Trump comparisons aren’t perfect: Moore is best defined as a religious conservative who outperforms among evangelical voters; Trump’s populism was not defined by religiosity. Still, polling has generally showed that Moore is doing best among voters who are the biggest fans of Trump. 
  
 Perhaps the biggest question for Tuesday is what happens to voters who cast a ballot for Rep. Mo Brooks in the first round. Brooks finished third in the primary with 20 percent to Moore’s 39 percent and Strange’s 33 percent, and only the top two finishers advanced to the runoff. Brooks, who was attacked by the Senate Leadership Fund during the first round, has endorsed Moore in the runoff. Barring a large increase in turnout from the first round, Strange likely needs to bring in the lion’s share of Brooks’s voters to win the runoff. That’s probably why Trump’s Friday night rally was held in Madison County, which is in Brooks’s 5th Congressional District and is home to the largest share of non-Moore, non-Strange voters in the first round of the primary. 
  
 To give you an idea of whether Moore is maintaining his advantage in the runoff, I’ve created the following scrollable table. The results will come in by county tonight, but who’s winning each county isn’t a great indicator of who’s winning statewide because Moore and Strange have different geographic bases of support. If Moore is winning Henry County but only by a few percentage points, for example, he’s probably losing statewide; he won by 39 percentage points there in Round 1. So we subtracted out Moore’s statewide margin in the first round (6 points) to generate a set of benchmarks below that imagine a tied Moore-Strange race statewide and show how that might look in county-by-county results. In Henry County, for instance, the benchmark is 33 points. If Moore is beating these benchmarks in most counties, then chances are, he’ll win the runoff. 
  
 How well Moore needs to do in each county to win the runoff Share of vote Moore and Strange won in the Aug. 15 primary and how well Moore needs to do to maintain his statewide advantage, by county FIRST ROUND RUNOFF COUNTY ▲ ▼ 
  
 STRANGE ▲ ▼ 
  
 MOORE ▲ ▼ 
  
 MARGIN ▲ ▼ 
  
 MOORE BENCHMARK TO WIN ▲ ▼ 
  
 Autauga 25% 46% +21 +15 Baldwin 32 30 -2 -8 Barbour 32 51 +19 +13 Bibb 28 57 +29 +23 Blount 30 50 +20 +14 Bullock 25 52 +27 +21 Butler 28 53 +26 +20 Calhoun 39 41 +3 -3 Chambers 35 49 +14 +8 Cherokee 43 46 +3 -3 Chilton 34 47 +13 +7 Choctaw 42 49 +7 +1 Clarke 38 48 +10 +4 Clay 35 51 +16 +10 Cleburne 35 49 +14 +8 Coffee 25 53 +28 +22 Colbert 35 45 +11 +5 Conecuh 36 49 +13 +7 Coosa 32 49 +17 +11 Covington 28 57 +29 +23 Crenshaw 24 59 +35 +29 Cullman 31 48 +16 +10 Dale 25 53 +27 +21 Dallas 37 45 +8 +2 DeKalb 35 49 +14 +8 Elmore 21 48 +27 +21 Escambia 29 51 +22 +16 Etowah 34 51 +17 +11 Fayette 31 53 +22 +16 Franklin 27 57 +29 +23 Geneva 18 66 +48 +42 Greene 32 47 +15 +9 Hale 44 41 -4 -10 Henry 21 59 +39 +33 Houston 25 53 +29 +23 Jackson 34 43 +9 +3 Jefferson 43 28 -15 -21 Lamar 35 55 +20 +14 Lauderdale 31 43 +12 +6 Lawrence 24 53 +30 +24 Lee 33 37 +4 -2 Limestone 26 30 +4 -2 Lowndes 28 38 +10 +4 Macon 27 45 +18 +12 Madison 27 19 -8 -14 Marengo 35 45 +11 +4 Marion 32 54 +22 +16 Marshall 38 39 +1 -5 Mobile 33 36 +4 -3 Monroe 33 47 +14 +8 Montgomery 31 34 +3 -3 Morgan 25 37 +12 +6 Perry 28 57 +29 +23 Pickens 36 52 +16 +10 Pike 24 54 +30 +24 Randolph 27 57 +30 +24 Russell 39 49 +10 +4 Shelby 39 30 -9 -15 St. Clair 36 44 +8 +2 Sumter 52 32 -21 -27 Talladega 40 42 +2 -4 Tallapoosa 33 45 +12 +6 Tuscaloosa 36 40 +4 -2 Walker 35 47 +12 +6 Washington 32 55 +23 +17 Wilcox 30 48 +18 +12 Winston 30 52 +22 +16 The benchmarks are calculated by taking Moore’s margin in each county and subtracting out his 6-percentage-point statewide margin. Source: Alabama Secretary of State 
  
 To maintain his lead from the first round, Moore will need to continue to rack up huge margins in rural areas. Specifically, he’ll need to do well in the southeast corner of the state, in counties like Geneva and Houston. Strange, meanwhile, will hope to cut down on Moore’s rural advantage and rack up huge margins of his own in urban areas such as Jefferson and Madison counties. 
  
 Of course, whoever wins on Tuesday will still need to win a Dec. 12 general election against Democrat and former U.S. Attorney Doug Jones. Normally, that would be a fait accompli in deep-red Alabama. No Democrat has won a Senate election in the state in 25 years, and Trump beat Hillary Clinton there by 28 percentage points in 2016. 
  
 Indeed, either Moore or Strange would be favored against Jones, though perhaps not by as much as you might think. Trump’s approval rating in Alabama is above 50 percent, and two Emerson College general election polls have both Republicans leading Jones. But Emerson’s polling has been mixed. The group’s most recent poll gave Moore a 22 percentage point lead and Strange a 13 point advantage over Jones. Their survey earlier this month however, put Moore and Strange ahead by less than 5 points. That same poll found Trump’s approval rating at just 52 percent, a significant dropoff from the 62 percent of the vote he earned while running against Clinton. 
  
 Jones’s odds are probably better if Moore ends up as the Republican nominee. Moore has a history of making controversial comments, including saying that homosexuality should be illegal. He’s also been removed from his job at the Alabama Supreme Court twice for disregarding higher court rulings. Moore’s past actions and words may not have hurt him much in the primary, but a general election is a different ballgame. Moore’s controversial past may be why he won election to the state supreme court in 2012 by just 4 percentage points. That same year, Republican Mitt Romney beat Democrat Barack Obama by 22 percentage points in Alabama. In other words, Moore has a history of undershooting the presidential lean of the state. 
  
 Alabama is a red state, so Moore is a favorite on Tuesday and would be the favorite in December. But he could also plausibly lose either race. |||||
A summary of this is?