Article:

But Lee had only 43 hours of experience in that type of jet, although he had many thousands of hours in other Boeing aircraft, including the 747. He was being supervised by the more experienced Capt. Lee Jung-min, though he too did not call for a go-around until 1.5 seconds before the crash — far too late to abort. By then, the aircraft's systems were already warning that it was near stall, a condition in which it does not have enough lift to continue flying. ||||| Two flight attendants in the back of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 survived despite being thrown onto the runway when the plane slammed into a seawall and lost its tail during a crash landing at San Francisco's airport, the head of the National Transportation Safety Board said Tuesday. 
  
 Tuesday's Asiana Flight 214 comes in for a landing over the wreckage of Saturday's Asiana Flight 214 at San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco, Tuesday, July 9, 2013. Saturday's Asiana Flight... (Associated Press) 
  
 Asiana Airlines President and CEO Yoon Young-doo, left, answers reporters' questions before heading to San Francisco at the flight gate of the Incheon International Airport in Incheon, west of Seoul,... (Associated Press) 
  
 In this Saturday, July 6, 2013 aerial photo, emergency crews respond at the scene of the wreckage of Asiana Flight 214, top right, after it crashed at the San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco,... (Associated Press) 
  
 The wreckage of Asiana Flight 214, which crashed on Saturday, July 6, 2013, is seen on a tarmac at San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco, Tuesday, July 9, 2013. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) (Associated Press) 
  
 In this photo provided by the National Transportation Safety Board, on Tuesday, July 9, 2013, Investigator in Charge Bill English, foreground, and NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman discuss the progress... (Associated Press) 
  
 Chairwoman Deborah Hersman also revealed that the pilots told investigators they were relying on automated cockpit equipment to control their speed during final approach, which prompts questions about whether a mistake was made in programming the "autothrottle" or if the equipment malfunctioned. 
  
 The plane crashed when it came in too low and slow for landing. Hersman said the pilot at the controls was only about halfway through his training on the Boeing 777 and was landing that type of aircraft at the San Francisco airport for the first time ever. And the co-pilot was on his first trip as a flight instructor. 
  
 Saturday's crash killed two people but remarkably 305 others survived, most with little or no physical injuries. A final determination on the cause of the crash is months away and Hersman cautioned against drawing any conclusions based on the information revealed so far. 
  
 Audio recordings show pilots tried to correct the plane's speed and elevation only until seconds before hitting the seawall at the end of the runway, a calamitous impact that sent the fuselage bouncing and skidding across the airfield. 
  
 Here is what is known: Seven seconds before impact, someone in the cockpit asked for more speed after apparently noticing that the jet was flying far slower than its recommended landing speed. A few seconds later, the yoke began to vibrate violently, an automatic warning telling the pilot the plane is losing lift and in imminent danger of an aerodynamic stall. One and a half seconds before impact came a command to abort the landing. 
  
 The plane's airspeed has emerged as a key question mark in the investigation. All aircraft have minimum safe flying speeds that must be maintained or pilots risk a stall, which robs a plane of the lift it needs to stay airborne. Below those speeds, planes become unmaneuverable. 
  
 Because pilots, not the control tower, are responsible for the approach and landing, former NTSB Chairman James Hall said, the cockpit communications will be key to figuring out what went wrong. 
  
 "Good communication with the flight crew as well as the flight attendants is something I'm sure they're going to look at closely with this event," he said Tuesday. "Who was making decisions?" 
  
 Hall was on the transportation board when a Korean Airlines Boeing 747 crashed in Guam in 1997, an accident investigators blamed in part on an authoritarian cockpit culture that made newer pilots reluctant to challenge captains. 
  
 Since then, the industry has adopted broad training and requirements for crew resource management, a communications system or philosophy airline pilots are taught in part so that pilots who not at the controls feel free to voice any safety concerns or correct any unsafe behavior, even if it means challenging a more senior pilot or saying something that might give offense. 
  
 If any of the Asiana pilots "saw something out of parameters for a safe landing," they were obligated to speak up, said Cass Howell, an associate dean at the Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach, Fla. 
  
 "There are dozens and dozens of accidents that were preventable had someone been able to speak up when they should have, but they were reluctant to do so for any number of reasons, including looking stupid or offending the captain," said Howell, a former Marine Corps pilot. 
  
 There's been no indication, from verbal calls or mechanical issues, that an emergency was ever declared by pilots. Most airlines would require all four pilots to be present for the landing, the time when something is most likely to go wrong, experienced pilots said. 
  
 "If there are four pilots there, even if you are sitting on a jump seat, that's something you watch, the airspeed and the descent profile," said John Cox, a former US Airways pilot and former Air Line Pilots Association accident investigator. 
  
 Investigators want to nail down exactly what all four Asiana pilots were doing at all times. 
  
 "We're looking at what they were doing, and we want to understand why they were doing it,." Hersman said Monday. "We want to understand what they knew and what they understood." 
  
 It's unlikely there was a lot of chatter as the plane came in. The Federal Aviation Administration's "sterile cockpit" rules require pilots to refrain from any unnecessary conversation while the plane is below 10,000 feet so that their attention is focused on taking off or landing. What little conversation takes places is supposed to be necessary to safely completing the task at hand. 
  
 Choi Jeong-ho, a senior official for South Korea's Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, told reporters in a briefing Tuesday in South Korea that investigators from both countries questioned two of the four Asiana pilots, Lee Gang-guk and Lee Jeong-min, on Monday. They planned to question the other two pilots and air controllers Tuesday. 
  
 Choi said recorded conversation between the pilots and air controllers at the San Francisco airport would be investigated, too. 
  
 In addition, authorities were reviewing the initial rescue efforts after fire officials acknowledged that one of their trucks might have run over one of the two Chinese teenagers killed in the crash. The students, Wang Linjia and Ye Mengyuan, were part of a larger group headed for a Christian summer camp with dozens of classmates. 
  
 Asiana President Yoon Young-doo arrived in San Francisco from South Korea on Tuesday morning, fighting his way through a pack of journalists outside customs. 
  
 He said he will look at the efforts of airline employees to help injured passengers and their family members, visit with the NTSB and other organizations to apologize for the crash and try to meet injured passengers. 
  
 Yoon said he can't meet with the Asiana pilots because no outside contact with them is allowed until the investigation is completed. 
  
 More than 180 people aboard the plane went to hospitals with injuries. But remarkably, more than a third didn't even require hospitalization. 
  
 The passengers included 141 Chinese, 77 South Koreans, 64 Americans, three Canadians, three Indians, one Japanese, one Vietnamese and one person from France. 
  
 South Korea officials said 39 people remained hospitalized in seven different hospitals in San Francisco. 
  
 The flight originated in Shanghai, China, and stopped over in Seoul, South Korea, before making the nearly 11-hour trip to San Francisco. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Jason Dearen, Terry Collins, Paul Elias, Lisa Leff and Sudhin Thanawala in San Francisco and Hyung-jin Kim in Seoul also contributed to this report. ||||| The pilot who was in charge of the flight that crashed at the San Francisco airport was making his first trip as an instructor, overseeing a pilot who was still in training on the Boeing 777 and at the controls, investigators said Tuesday. 
  
 The disclosure came after the National Transportation Safety Board interviewed three of the four pilots who were on Asiana Airlines Flight 214 during Sunday's accident, which killed two teenagers. The fourth, who was in the cabin at the time, was being interviewed Tuesday. 
  
 It was also revealed that two flight attendants were ejected from the rear of the plane, but survived, National Transportation Safety Board chairwoman Deborah Hersman said at a Tuesday evening briefing. 
  
 There were four pilots on board Flight 214 because it was a trip of more than 10 hours across the Pacific Ocean from Seoul, South Korea. 
  
 The pilot at the controls, identified by the airline as Lee Kang-kuk, was still in training on the Boeing 777. He had had 43 hours of flying time in the aircraft, but officials have said he was landing a Triple 7 at San Francisco International for the first time. 
  
 He was working with a “training captain” who had logged 3,000 hours on the 777 — but who Hersman said was making his first trip as an instructor. 
  
 "This was the first time he and the flying pilot had flown together,” Hersman said. 
  
 She also said that the pilots told investigators they were relying on automated cockpit equipment to control their speed during final approach, which prompts questions about whether a mistake was made in programming the "autothrottle" or if the equipment malfunctioned. 
  
 The NTSB has not identified human error, mechanical failure or another problem as the cause of the accident, but the three pilots in the cockpit told the NTSB they realized they were coming in too low when they were at 500 feet. 
  
 They said they tried to correct it as they lost altitude but could not stop the jetliner's landing gear from clipping the seawall on the way to the runway. 
  
 “After the impact, the aircraft ballooned, it yawed left and went into a 360-degree spin,” Hersman said. 
  
 Drug and alcohol tests were not given to the pilots after the crash, but only U.S. pilots are required to take them after incidents at American airports, Hersman said. 
  
 In a press conference Deborah Hersman of the NTSB details the events from inside the cockpit according to the flight crew during the crash landing of Asiana flight 214. 
  
 Details of what happened next illustrated the power and horror of the crash: 
  
 Two flight attendants were ejected from tail-less plane at impact and were found off to the side of the runway. They survived but suffered injuries, Hersman said. 
  
 At least one evacuation slide deployed inside the cabin, trapping another flight attendant, she confirmed. 
  
 An oil tank ruptured and leaked fuel onto the hot No. 2 engine, sparking the fire that left the jet a charred hulk. 
  
 Hersman said she walked from the seawall to the plane on Tuesday, following a trail of wreckage that revealed the landing gear struck the seawall before the tail smacked down and was ripped off. Sections of cabin, aircraft parts, galley materials, newspapers, magazines and flooring were found in the debris field. 
  
 Two Chinese teenagers on their way to summer camp in the United States were killed — one perhaps run over by a fire engine racing to the scene — and 180 people were injured, with 25 remaining in area hospitals Tuesday, six in critical condition. Remarkably, scores of people walked away unhurt. 
  
 The plane came in far too slow — 119 mph just before it crash-landed, about 40 mph slower than touchdown speed. Four seconds before impact, the cockpit was warned of a possible stall by a mechanism that rattles the controls in the pilot’s hand. 
  
 The airline’s chief executive, Yoon Young-doo, said earlier Tuesday that the pilots had adequate qualifications, but he said the airline would nonetheless “beef up” its simulation training. 
  
 Yoon planned to fly to San Francisco on Tuesday on the same Flight 214. 
  
 This story was originally published on ||||| Story highlights 1 flight attendant was trapped by chute, 2 were ejected, NTSB chief says 
  
 "Flying pilot" was training to fly a Boeing 777, adds Deborah Hersman 
  
 Sitting next to him was a man who was an "instructor pilot" for first time, she adds 
  
 The plane's main landing gear hit a seawall at the airport, followed by its tail 
  
 The pilot at the helm of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 was training to fly a Boeing 777 and was sitting next to a man in his first trip as an instructor pilot when their plane's main landing gear hit a seawall around San Francisco's airport, a U.S. official said Tuesday. 
  
 Deborah Hersman, the head of the National Transportation Safety Board, revealed these and other details during a news conference that included information about the pilots and their flying experience, based on the interviews they've conducted with investigators. 
  
 Having finished classroom and simulator training, the "flying pilot" -- as Hersman referred to him -- was in the piloting portion of his training to fly a Boeing 777 at the time of Saturday's crash. 
  
 He had flown 10 legs and had about 35 hours of flying time with the 777, which put him about halfway through the training required by Asiana of 20 legs and 60 flight hours, when the plane went down, Hersman said. 
  
 Sitting beside him during Saturday's flight from Seoul to San Francisco was the instructor pilot. The trip across the Pacific was the first time he had been an instructor pilot and the first time he'd traveled with the flying pilot, according to Hersman. 
  
 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – In this handout photo released by the National Transportation Safety Board, Asiana Airlines Flight 214 sits just off the runway at San Francisco International Airport on Sunday, July 7. The Boeing 777 coming from Seoul, South Korea, crashed on landing on Saturday, July 6. Three passengers, all girls, died as a result of the first notable U.S. air crash in four years. Hide Caption 1 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – A photo showing the damaged interior of the aircraft was released by the NTSB on July 7. The flight carrying 291 passengers and 16 crew took off from Shanghai and stopped in Seoul before heading to San Francisco. Hide Caption 2 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – An investigator photographs part of the landing gear at the crash site in a handout released on July 7. Investigators believe that the pilots were flying too slow and too low as they neared the airport on July 6. Hide Caption 3 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – An investigator inspects the broken-off tail of the plane in a handout photo released July 7. The crash killed two people, injured 182 and forced the temporary closure of one of the country's largest airports. Hide Caption 4 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – An investigator stands near the tail of the plane in a handout photo released on July 7. The NTSB has ruled out weather as a problem and said that conditions were right for a "visual landing." Hide Caption 5 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Investigators approach the crash in a handout photo released on July 7. Hide Caption 6 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Fire crews attempt to quench the blaze on Saturday, July 6. Hide Caption 7 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Smoke rises from the crash site across the San Francisco Bay on July 6. Hide Caption 8 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Asiana Airlines Flight 214 remains on the runway on July 6. Hide Caption 9 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – A plane sits on the runway on July 6 while emergency crews tend to the crash site. Hide Caption 10 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – A helicopter flies above the wreckage on July 6 as people observe from across the waters of San Francisco Bay. Hide Caption 11 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Travelers at San Francisco International Airport look at the departures and arrivals board after Asiana Flight 214 crashed on July 6. The airport, located 12 miles south of downtown San Francisco, is California's second busiest, behind Los Angeles International. Hide Caption 12 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Kevin Cheng talks on his phone as he waits in the terminal after Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crash-landed on July 6. He said he was supposed to pick up students who were on board the flight from Seoul. Hide Caption 13 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Passengers wait for the British Airways counter to reopen at San Francisco International Airport on July 6. Hide Caption 14 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Police guard the Reflection Room at the San Francisco airport's international terminal, where passengers from Asiana Airlines Flight 214 were reportedly gathering after the crash landing on July 6. Hide Caption 15 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – People are escorted from the Reflection Room at the San Francisco International Airport on July 6. Hide Caption 16 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Traffic backs up on U.S. Route 101 South in San Francisco on July 6. The Bay Area airport was closed to incoming and departing traffic after the crash, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. Hide Caption 17 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – People look over the wreckage across a cove in San Francisco Bay on July 6. Hide Caption 18 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Deborah Hersman, chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board, speaks to the press at Reagan National Airport in Arlington, Virginia, before departing for San Francisco with an NTSB crew on July 6 to investigate the crash site. Hide Caption 19 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – The San Francisco Giants observe a moment of silence for those killed and hurt in the crash before their baseball game on July 6 against the Los Angeles Dodgers at AT&T Park in San Francisco. Hide Caption 20 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Crews comb the end of a San Francisco airport runway following the crash landing on July 6. Hide Caption 21 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – People in Seoul watch a news program reporting about the crash landing on July 6 in San Francisco. Asiana Airlines Flight 214 took off from Seoul earlier Saturday. Hide Caption 22 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – The plane crashed on July 6 around 11:30 a.m. (2:30 p.m. ET). Hide Caption 23 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – People walk past the wreckage of the plane's tail on July 6. Hide Caption 24 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – The burned-out plane remains on the runway on July 6. Passengers and crew members escaped down the emergency inflatable slides. Hide Caption 25 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Rescue workers tend to the crash site on July 6. Hide Caption 26 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Debris litters the runway on July 6. Hide Caption 27 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Airport shuttles arrive on the scene after the crash landing. Hide Caption 28 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Wreckage from the Boeing 777 lies on the tarmac on July 6. Hide Caption 29 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Crews surround the remains of the plane on July 6. Hide Caption 30 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Investigators pass the detached tail and landing gear of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 on July 6. Hide Caption 31 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – An aerial view shows the site of the crash landing between the runways on July 6. Hide Caption 32 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Smoke rises from the crash site on July 6 at the airport in San Francisco. Hide Caption 33 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – Fire crews work at the crash site at San Francisco International Airport on July 6. Hide Caption 34 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – The Boeing 777 lies burned on the runway after it crashed landed on July 6. Hide Caption 35 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – An aerial photo of the scene on July 6 shows the extent of the plane's damage. Hide Caption 36 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – The burned-out plane sits surrounded by emergency vehicles on July 6. Hide Caption 37 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – CNN iReporter Amanda Painter took this photo while waiting at the San Francisco airport on July 6. The entire airport has shut down and flights diverted to other airports. Hide Caption 38 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – iReporter Val Vaden captured this photo while waiting in a departure lounge at the San Francisco airport on July 6. Val observed the billowing smoke and emergency responders' rush in. Hide Caption 39 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – iReporter Sven Duenwald was at home on July 6 when he saw smoke rising into the air near the San Francisco International Airport. Hide Caption 40 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – iReporter Timothy Clark was standing on the eighth floor of the Embassy Suites Airport Hotel when he heard a loud crashing sound from outside. "My daughter told me she heard a plane crash. I used my camera to get a clearer view and I could see a dust cloud. Then people running from the plane, then flames," he said. Hide Caption 41 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – A photo provided to CNN by Eunice Bird Rah -- and shot by her father, who was a passenger on the plane -- shows flames and smoke bursting out of many of the aircraft's windows. Hide Caption 42 of 43 Photos: Plane crash-lands in San Francisco Plane crash-lands in San Francisco – David Eun, a passenger on Asiana Airlines Flight 214, posted this image to Path.com along with the message, "I just crash landed at SFO. Tail ripped off. Most everyone seems fine, I'm ok. Surreal..." It was one of the first photographs taken after the crash. Hide Caption 43 of 43 
  
 JUST WATCHED Crash of Asiana Flight 214 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Crash of Asiana Flight 214 02:50 
  
 JUST WATCHED 'Sully' Sullenberger on crash landing Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Sully' Sullenberger on crash landing 05:57 
  
 JUST WATCHED Young plane crash survivors speak Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Young plane crash survivors speak 02:26 
  
 That seemingly uneventful, more than 10-hour flight ended in a few chaotic, panicked minutes of fury, after which two people were dead and 182 others were transported to local hospitals. 
  
 "Sections of the cabin ... are found very early in the debris field," said Hersman, who had walked a few hundred feet from the seawall where the plane's landing gear and then tail first slammed into the seawall to where it mercifully came to a rest. "You can see aircraft parts, gallery materials, newspapers, magazines and flooring." 
  
 According to the pilots' accounts, the tensions started before the plane touched ground. 
  
 The three pilots in the cockpit -- another was in the cabin -- told investigators they set the "auto throttle" speed to 137 knots (157 mph), which is the speed it should have been going. Akin to cruise control, auto throttles are used to maintain a plane's speed. 
  
 At 200 feet above ground, the instructor pilot said he noted precision approach path indicator lights indicated the giant jet was too low. 
  
 It was then "he recognized that the auto throttles were not maintaining speed, and he established a go-around attitude," said the NTSB chief. "He went to push the throttles forward, but he stated that the other pilot had already (done so)." 
  
 Hersman cautioned anyone from jumping to conclusions as to whether a mechanical or pilot error is to blame for the crash. She also spoke specifically about the auto throttles, saying investigators were delving into how they were working and how they were used. 
  
 But Hersman also stated: "The crew is required to maintain a safe aircraft ... One of the very critical things that needs to be monitored on an approach to landing is speed. So we need to understand what was going on in the cockpit, and also what was going on in the aircraft." 
  
 2 dead, 182 injured -- including 2 ejected flight attendants 
  
 When it departed South Korea, Flight 214 had 307 passengers and crew aboard. 
  
 Despite the scale of the wreckage -- a hole burned through much of the cabin's roof and the aircraft's back half lopped off -- 123 walked away. 
  
 Others weren't so lucky, most of all the two Chinese teenagers who died in the crash. 
  
 Those working on the flight were among the injured. The third pilot in the cockpit cracked a rib. One flight attendant was temporarily trapped by an evacuation chute that opened inside the plane. 
  
 JUST WATCHED How Asiana Flight 214 landed Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How Asiana Flight 214 landed 04:00 
  
 JUST WATCHED Asiana flight attendants hailed as heroes Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Asiana flight attendants hailed as heroes 01:59 
  
 JUST WATCHED China mourns air crash victims Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH China mourns air crash victims 01:54 
  
 JUST WATCHED Asiana crash: Rescuing the survivors Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Asiana crash: Rescuing the survivors 02:45 
  
 Two other flight attendants were not in their seats at the rear of the aircraft when the plane finally ground to a halt, because they were ejected as the aircraft broke up. 
  
 "They were found down the runway and off to the side of the runway," Hersman said. 
  
 Many of those hospitalized have been released. At San Francisco General Hospital, for instance, 50 of the 62 patients are now free to go home. 
  
 But others still require care. 
  
 Four adults and one child in critical condition are still at San Francisco General suffering from internal bleeding, fractures and spinal cord, abdominal and traumatic brain injuries, according to the hospital. 
  
 Crew recall plane being too high, then too low 
  
 The "flying pilot" and "instructor pilot" who were in the front seat of the cockpit were not among the injured, according to Hersman. 
  
 Asiana hired the flying pilot in 1994, after which he reported amassing nearly 10,000 hours of total flight time. That experience included time piloting 737, 747 and A-320 aircraft, and he was a ground school and simulator instructor for the latter model. 
  
 The instructor pilot, a South Korean air force veteran with about 13,000 hours of flight experience, recalled Flight 214 being "slightly high when they passed 4,000 feet (and) they set vertical speed mode at about 1,500 feet per minute," explained Hersman. 
  
 But they ended up coming in low. The third pilot in the cockpit told investigators that, with "the nose ... pitched up, ... he could not see the runway," said the NTSB chief. 
  
 In the last few hundred feet before touchdown, the crew was making both lateral and vertical adjustments -- meaning they were both trying to move sideways to get toward the runway and adjust their height. 
  
 When the aircraft hit, it spun 360 degrees. An oil tank ruptured and leaked fuel onto the plane's right engine, starting a fire. 
  
 Eventually, evacuation chutes deployed, and at least seven of the aircraft's eight doors were opened. (An eighth was found on the ground, Hersman explained.) 
  
 Very soon after the plane stopped, tending to the wounded and the investigation began. 
  
 That probe will continue for months, though authorities have released significant details so far. So much information, in fact, the Air Line Pilots Association, for a second straight day on Tuesday, criticized what it called the "NTSB's release of incomplete, out-of-context information" that "has fueled rampant speculation about the cause of the accident." 
  
 The union further questioned whether some tools were available to the crew, claiming, for instance, that the "Instrument Landing System, a critical aid to pilots, (was) out of service." 
  
 "Without the full body of facts surrounding a catastrophic event, partial or incomplete information can lead to erroneous conclusions and, in turn, skew the perception of individuals' behavior," the pilots union said in its Tuesday statement. "This could then lead to misguided assessments of the crew's intentions and actions." 
  
 Hersman disputed the union's claims earlier Tuesday on CNN, saying the agency believes that transparent release of information is crucial. 
  
 "We believe that it is always better to put out the correct information and factual information so that bad information is not able to propagate," she said. 
  
 Aviation experts say that air crashes often involve several factors, and the San Francisco tragedy appears to be following form. Experience, training, crew actions, airport navigation, and now the possible role of a mechanical system are all in the mix. The NTSB is not expected to render a decision on probable cause for months. 
  
 During her news conference later Tuesday, Hersman stressed that "there's still a lot of work to be done." 
  
 "We will not determine probable cause while we are here on scene," she said, adding there's a lot of information to collect and analyze. "...I would really encourage all of you to be very cautious about speculating on the cause of the crash." |||||
What is a summary?