On the night of May 1, 2011, United States Special Forces launched a raid to kill or capture al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, deep inside Pakistani territory, in a compound within the garrison town of Abbottabad. Following the event, the Pakistani government set up a Commission to establish how US forces could have violated Pakistani sovereignty without repercussions, and how Bin Laden, the world's most wanted man, came to reside secretly in Pakistan for so long. 
  
 The report you are reading, looking at the second of these aspects, is drawn from witness testimony and the Commission's own investigations, obtained exclusively by Al Jazeera. 
  
 Osama bin Laden, the former al-Qaeda chief and once the world's most wanted man, lived in Pakistan for nine years, staying in at least six different locations. While maintaining a very low profile, he evaded detection thanks to multiple failures of the Pakistani civil and military establishments, the Abbottabad Commission report shows. 
  
 Through the testimony of Bin Laden's wives, the wife of one of his couriers, intelligence officials and various others who came in contact with the family and its support network, the commission was able to piece together an image of what life on the run was like for the Bin Ladens and their Pakistani guards. 
  
 The story starts in early 2002, when Osama bin Laden was suspected to have entered Pakistan's northwestern areas, having narrowly evaded capture by the United States in the Battle of Tora Bora in Afghanistan in December 2001. It is unclear where he initially stayed, but intelligence officials say they believe he spent time in both the South Waziristan and Bajaur tribal areas. 
  
 The trail picks up in mid-2002, when Maryam, the wife of Ibrahim al-Kuwaiti, a trusted Bin Laden guard and courier, confirms that she travelled with a tall, "clean-shaven Arab" from the northwestern city of Peshawar to the Swat Valley. Swat was home to Kuwaiti and his brother, Abrar. Both Pakistanis acted as Bin Laden's couriers and guards throughout his stay in Pakistan. They were also associates of Khalid Sheikh Muhammad, the alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks against the United States, who is thought to have recruited them into al-Qaeda. 
  
 It was in Swat that Bin Laden was reunited with one of his baby daughters and his third wife, Amal Ahmad Abdul Fattah al-Sadah, a 29-year-old Yemeni. When Bin Laden joined Maryam, Ibrahim and Amal, he was accompanied by two other men: one a driver, the other wearing a police uniform. The identities of these men remain unknown. 
  
 A close shave 
  
 The group lived in Swat for between six and eight months, during which time "the tall Arab" did not mix with the couriers' families. It was during this time that Amal, Bin Laden's wife, became pregnant, and that Abrar al-Kuwaiti married a Pakistani from Kohat, named Bushra, who joined the group. 
  
 While the groups' activities outside the house were described as being limited, Maryam did testify that, on one occasion, when they were visiting a nearby bazaar, their car, with Bin Laden inside, was stopped for speeding by a traffic policeman. Ibrahim, however, "quickly settled the matter", according to the report, and the world's most wanted man continued on his way. 
  
 In early 2003, Osama bin Laden was visited by Khalid Sheikh Mohammad. Mohammad, travelling under the alias "Hafeez", was accompanied by his wife and seven children, and stayed with the group in Swat for two weeks. A month later, in March 2003, while watching Al Jazeera, they saw that Mohammad had been arrested in Rawalpindi in a joint CIA-ISI operation. 
  
 The news jolted Bin Laden, and three days later, accompanied by the brothers Ibrahim and Abrar, he left Swat. Two days after that, Ibrahim returned to pick up their wives and children, bringing them to Peshawar. Here they separated, with Amal staying on in Peshawar and Maryam and Bushra travelling on to Kohat, where they stayed in separate houses. The whereabouts of Bin Laden at this point remain unknown. 
  
 Over a period of time, an effective intelligence agency should have been able to contact, infiltrate or co-opt [OBL's support network], and to develop a whole case load of information. Apparently, this was not the case. Abbottabad Commission report, 
  
 About three months later, Maryam and Bushra travelled to a house in the outskirts of the town of Haripur, about 35km south of Abbottabad, where they found Osama bin Laden and his wife Amal, with the brothers Ibrahim and Abrar. Also in the house were Bin Laden's second wife Siham Sabar - a Saudi national known locally as "Sharifa", her son Khalid bin Laden, and two other Bin Laden daughters - Sumayya and Mariam, both adults in their early 20s. 
  
 Evasion tactics 
  
 The two-storey house, in the Naseem Town area, is described as being spacious, with three bedrooms and a lawn. The group stayed here for almost two years, during which time Amal twice gave birth to children. The children were delivered at a local clinic, but Amal never stayed the night there, and all conversation with the doctors was handled by Abrar al-Kuwaiti and his wife Bushra, who told the doctors that Amal was deaf and dumb. 
  
 In Haripur, the men never used mobile phones to make calls. Instead, they would travel to Peshawar, 150km away, or Rawalpindi, a distance of 65km, to make phone calls from Public Call Offices (PCOs). They watched Al Jazeera via a satellite dish, according to Maryam. No "guests" ever visited the men during that time, although Maryam said Ibrahim's mother visited at least once. 
  
 The brothers, paid Rs9,000 a month (about $150 at the time) by Bin Laden, as well as some "additional money" and gifts "from time to time", seldom spent a night away from him. 
  
 While in Haripur, however, Bin Laden was already planning his next move. In July 2004, land for the construction of a new house was purchased in Abbottabad, an army garrison town located about 85km north of the Pakistani capital Islamabad. Construction began in August 2004 on a two-storey structure, custom-built with walls as high as 18ft in some places. The building was completed in 2005. 
  
 In August 2005, the group moved to the newly constructed house. Abrar and Ibrahim took their families there first, with Bin Laden and his family following soon after. The brothers posed as businessmen, purchasing the land under a false identity (Abrar posed as one "Muhammad Arshad", and his brother was known as "Tariq Khan"). They fled the tribal areas, their story goes, as a result of a family feud - and this is the reason they gave for the high walls and isolation of the residents from their neighbours. 
  
 In October 2005, the northeast of Pakistan was hit by a devastating earthquake, the effects of which were felt in Abbottabad. The event had two positive repercussions for the group: first, under the guise of repairing the house, they were able to add an additional, unauthorised, storey to the structure; and second, the earthquake resulted in an influx of Pashtun migrants to the town, fleeing the destruction behind them, allowing the group to better blend in among the flood of non-native Abbottabad residents. 
  
 To the locals, the house came to be known as "Waziristan House", or, to others, simply "The Big House". 
  
 Life with 'Miskeen Baba' 
  
 Life in "Waziristan House" was kept strictly private. The brothers had utility companies install four separate meters for electricity and natural gas respectively, in an apparent attempt to ensure that none of the meters showed an excessive amount of activity, betraying the true number of residents. These were procured under the false identities of "Muhammad Arshad" and "Sahib Khan". 
  
 Abrar and Ibrahim saw to the procurement of food and provisions. Khalid, Bin Laden's son, looked after plumbing and other maintenance services. There was, accordingly, seldom any contact with the outside world. On occasion, a local named Shamraiz, who lived in a house opposite the compound, would do odd jobs in the compound's garden for Rs350/day (less than $5). He also reportedly sold a cow to the group, which was subsequently looked after by Khalid. 
  
 Ibrahim and Abrar were the only people to regularly leave the compound to interact with the community. They would "regularly" offer their prayers in the local mosque, according to Shamraiz, and "their conduct was polite and kind". 
  
 The group lived, according to the testimony of the wives, "extremely frugally". Bin Laden himself, before moving to Abbottabad, reportedly owned only three pairs of shalwar kameez (local Pakistani dress) for summer, and three pairs for winter - in addition to a single black jacket, and two sweaters. 
  
 He also owned "a cowboy hat", which he wore when he moved around the compound to avoid detection from above. Bin Laden, who reportedly suffered from various ailments, particularly in his kidneys and possibly his heart, would sometimes complain of sluggishness, and, on those occasions, he would eat some chocolate and/or an apple, according to the commission's findings. There is no evidence to suggest he was ever visited by a doctor, and he almost certainly never left the compound. 
  
 Bin Laden's children lived "extremely regimented and secluded lives", according to the Commission's report. He saw to the religious education of his grandchildren personally, and even supervised their playtime. Part of those playtime activities were competitions in cultivating vegetables in the compound's garden, with "simple prizes" for the best tended plants. 
  
 The Bin Laden family's women also lived very secluded lives, and, according to one account, began observing the veil from the age of three. Maryam, Ibrahim's wife, went as far as to suggest that they even observed purdah - an Urdu term implying seclusion - from men on television. 
  
 Khairiyyah Sabar, a 61-year-old Saudi national and Bin Laden's first wife, joined the group just three months before the US raid, having spent the eight years between 2002 and 2010 in detention in Iran. She never mixed with the couriers' families. 
  
 The couriers' families, meanwhile, had slightly more freedom. While their children, too, did not go to school and were instructed by their fathers, they were also allowed to leave the compound from time to time. According to local journalists interviewed by the commission, a number of local children said they had played cricket with the children. 
  
 The families of Ibrahim and Abrar were, however, kept almost entirely separate from Bin Laden's family, with some exceptions among the children. Even the women would only socially interact with each other for about 15 minutes every month. 
  
 One incident, as described by Maryam, stands out as being illustrative of the deliberately maintained disconnect. Rahma, the nine-year-old daughter of Maryam and Ibrahim, once asked her father why "the uncle who lives upstairs" in the main house, meaning Bin Laden, never left the house to go to the bazaar. Ibrahim told her it was because the man was too poor to buy anything. From that day onwards, Rahma referred to the man as "Miskeen Baba" [literally: Poor Uncle]. 
  
 On one occasion, Rahma accidentally happened upon "Miskeen Baba" while receiving lessons from Sumayya, one of Bin Laden's daughters, and greeted him. From that day, she was banned from the main house. 
  
 Unlike in Haripur, in the Abbottabad compound, the women did have access to television. One day, approximately in January 2011, Rahma saw a picture of Bin Laden while watching Al Jazeera, and immediately recognised him as her "Miskeen Baba" from the main house. The incident troubled Ibrahim greatly, who was upset with his daughter and immediately banned all the women of his household from watching television. The incident also resulted in a complete block on any interaction between the Bin Laden and al-Kuwaiti families. 
  
 It was only then, almost nine years after first seeing him, that Maryam realised that the tall Arab she had met in the Swat Valley and had lived with for years was Osama bin Laden. According to her testimony, no-one other than Bin Laden's own family, Ibrahim, Abrar - and now herself - knew his true identity. 
  
 'Complete collapse of governance' 
  
 Lt-Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha, then Director-General of Pakistan's premier Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) agency, testified before the commission, saying that ISI analysis indicated that, while in Pakistan, Bin Laden "was to a degree actively planning al-Qaeda's future operations". Evidence suggests that, while he had cut off personal contact with other al-Qaeda operatives following the capture of Khalid Sheikh Mohammad in 2003, he was still electronically in communication with them. 
  
 It was, ultimately, this electronic communication, carried out through his couriers, which led to his downfall, when US intelligence services obtained phone numbers of public phone boxes used by the al-Kuwaiti brothers, and were able to track them. 
  
 The Pakistani Army Board of Inquiry brought to investigate Bin Laden's killing concluded that the al-Qaeda chief was able to escape detection in Abbottabad "due to the phased construction and occupation of the compound, the extremely low profile that was maintained, including very low technical signatures that might have indicated the presence of a High Value Target (HVT) [and] the clever selection of the OBL compound in an area few might suspect an HVT would choose to reside in", according to the Commission's report. 
  
 Either OBL was extremely fortunate to not run into anyone committed to doing his job honestly, or there was a complete collapse of local governance. Abbottabad Commission report, 
  
 Moreover, the board and the commission both found that a mixture of negligence and incompetence shown by several government departments - including the Revenue Department, the local Cantonment board, the local police, the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA), local utility providers and the Excise & Taxation Department - allowed Bin Laden to escape detection, despite multiple times at which officials in said departments had cause to investigate the house and its inhabitants. 
  
 In one particularly telling section of the report, the Commission summarises the situation: "Either OBL was extremely fortunate to not run into anyone [c]ommitted to doing his job honestly, or there was a complete collapse of local governance." 
  
 As for his support network in Pakistan, the Commission concluded that, while he may have maintained a small and dedicated group of people who were helping him, the fact that he had been in the country for nine years left no excuse for the country's intelligence services to have made no progress in tracking him. 
  
 "Over a period of time," the report reads, "an effective intelligence agency should have been able to contact, infiltrate or co-opt [his support network], and to develop a whole case load of information. 
  
 "Apparently, this was not the case." 
  
 Follow Asad Hashim on Twitter: @AsadHashim ||||| Al Jazeera releases Pakistan’s suppressed report into the killing of Al Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden. 
  
 On the night of May 1, 2011, US Special Forces launched a raid deep into Pakistani territory to capture or kill al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden. 
  
 Pakistan’s military and political leaders were furious, and set up a Commission to examine both “how the US was able to execute a hostile military mission which lasted around three hours deep inside Pakistan”. 
  
 Later, the Pakistani government blocked the release of the report they had commissioned. 
  
 But our exclusive project reveals the full report for the first time, includes exclusive videos, and in-depth coverage. ||||| The Abbottabad Commission was charged with ascertaining the facts of what happened on the night of May 1, 2011, when the United States unilaterally launched a raid to capture or kill al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden in northern Pakistan. 
  
 While all previous accounts released to the public have been the stories of SEAL team members, or sourced mainly through Washington's squad of analysts from the CIA and similar agencies, the Commission pieced together testimony from local and provincial officials, police and security personnel - and, indeed, captured members of Bin Laden’s family themselves - to tell the story of that warm May night through the eyes of those who found themselves in the targeting crosshairs. 
  
 This is that account. 
  
 It is ten minutes past eleven in the evening. Amal Ahmad Abdul Fattah al-Sadah, a 29-year-old Yemeni woman, sits with her three-year-old child, Hussain, in a second-floor bedroom. Near to her is her husband, Osama bin Laden. About 250km away, at a US airbase in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad, the rotor blades of two stealth Black Hawk helicopters begin to turn. 
  
 The Black Hawks, coated with special radar-evading paint and panels, as well as noise suppression devices, fly low and fast, entering Pakistani airspace in the Khyber tribal area between 11:15pm and 11:30pm. They are closely followed by two other helicopters, mostly likely Chinooks. All four fly along the route of the River Kabul, above Chakdarra to Kala Dhaka, where one touches down, ready to provide refuelling and additional support to the Navy SEALs now en route to their target in Abbottabad. 
  
 In the skies on the Afghan side of the border, US aircraft maintain a Combat Air Patrol (CAP) and an AWACS (Airborne Warning and Control System) presence, in order to respond swiftly to any Pakistani military response to the raid. 
  
 There is none. 
  
 The Pakistan Air Force's (PAF) radar is on "peacetime deployment", and low-level coverage is sparse on the western border. PAF controllers at Air Defence Command in Chaklala track the US CAP and AWACS in Afghan airspace, but log the activity as routine. 
  
 Approximately an hour and ten minutes after leaving Jalalabad, the US helicopters arrive at the compound in Abbottabad's Nawan Sheher neighbourhood. Navy SEALs rappel down ropes to the street below. Some head towards the residential buildings, while others, including Urdu and Pashto speakers, form a cordon around the compound to keep locals away. 
  
 Having unloaded its soldiers, one of the Black Hawks develops a fault, or encounters unexpected wind or temperature conditions. It crash lands - or "settles with power" - on the compound area, around ten minutes after the operation begins. It is forty minutes past midnight. 
  
 They hit the annexe first. 
  
 The storming of the compound 
  
 In their cramped rooms on the second floor, Bin Laden and Sadah hear what they initially think is the sound of a storm outside. They go to the balcony to see what is happening, but the night of May 1 is a moonless one, and it is pitch dark. 
  
 Sadah, Bin Laden's third wife, reaches to switch on a light, but her husband says "No!" He calls to his son, Khalid, who is in a first-floor bedroom. Sadah goes to see to her five children. When she returns upstairs moments later, Bin Laden has been joined by two of his daughters, Mariam, 21, and Sumayya, 20. They are reciting the Kalma - the Muslim declaration of faith - and verses from the Holy Quran. 
  
 Osama bin Laden tells his family that US helicopters have arrived and that they should all leave his room immediately. 
  
 In the annexe, meanwhile, Ibrahim al-Kuwaiti, a Pakistani bodyguard and courier for Bin Laden, is asleep with his wife, Maryam, and their children. They are awoken by a loud noise. As he attempts to calm his children, Kuwaiti receives a phone call. He asks if it is his brother, Abrar - also a guard and courier - who lives with his family in the main house. He gets no response. 
  
 "Abrar, I cannot hear you. I am coming," he says into the phone, according to his wife. 
  
 There is a knock on the door. 
  
 "Is that you, Abrar?" he asks, opening the door. 
  
 A bullet hits him through the window, and he falls to the floor. As he falls, his feet hit the door, shutting it. 
  
 Maryam is shot in the right shoulder, and falls to the floor. Her children rush to her, and she can hear soldiers outside, shouting at her to open the door. 
  
 "You have killed my husband, and now only my children and I are in the room," she tells them. In Arabic, a soldier demands that she open the door. She complies, and is told to sit on the stairs outside the building with her children, where two soldiers keep guard over them. 
  
 Back in the main building, some of Bin Laden's family members refuse to leave him, as ordered. His daughter, Mariam, goes out on the balcony with her children to see what is happening outside. Bin Laden reaches for his weapon. 
  
 That's when they hear the sound of an explosion - whether it is the helicopter crashing or charges being used to blast through a door is unclear. They hear soldiers on the roof, and footsteps on the stairs. Sadah sees a US soldier, on the landing outside the bedroom, aiming his weapon at Bin Laden. A red laser dot appears on his body, and she throws herself at the soldier. 
  
 He screams "No! No!" and shoots her in the knee. More shots follow. 
  
 As she lies injured on the bed, she recalls hearing the soldiers asking Sumayya and Mariam the name of the man they just killed. 
  
 Sumayya says she grappled with a US soldier. She did not see her father fall, but did see his body on the floor. 
  
 She testifies that he was hit in the forehead, and his face was "clear" and recognisable. According to her, "blood flowed backwards over his head". After asking both her and her sister Mariam to confirm Bin Laden's identity, they are told to stand in a corner, and later led out of the room. 
  
 "Sharifa" Siham Sabar, Bin Laden's second of three wives, was in her room on the second floor with her son, Khalid, for the initial part of the raid. She saw Khalid rush with his weapon to his father's aid when he realised that US forces were raiding the compound. She was with Khairiyyah, Bin Laden's eldest wife, when they were detained by US forces shortly afterwards. 
  
 When the soldiers forced their way in, Khairiyyah said that one of them "looked as if he had seen a witch!" The women and their rooms were searched, and then led downstairs by the soldiers. 
  
 That was when Sabar saw the body of her son, Khalid, lying in a pool of blood on the staircase. They also came across the bodies of Abrar al-Kuwaiti, the courier, and his Pakistani wife, Bushra. 
  
 Sabar knelt down to kiss her dead son's forehead as she passed. 
  
 The dust settles 
  
 According to the Commission's findings, by 1:06am, the US operation in Abbottabad was over, and US forces left the compound in a stealth Black Hawk and a Chinook helicopter, simultaneously destroying the downed stealth Black Hawk with planted explosives. The operation lasted approximately 36 minutes. 
  
 The first Chinook left Pakistani airspace at approximately 2:16am, with the support Chinook and remaining stealth Black Hawk following ten minutes later, at 2:26am. US forces were in Pakistani airspace and territory for a little more than three hours. 
  
 The Pakistani security and military response to the raid, according to the Commission, amounted to a "collective failure". Not only was the country's airspace compromised without the immediate knowledge of the military, but there was also "a grave dereliction of duty" on the part of the civil security establishment - that is, the police and civilian administration. 
  
 Police Constable Nazar Mohammad, on patrol in the compound's neighbourhood in Abbottabad, was one of the first to reach the scene, arriving shortly after the Black Hawk explosion at 1:06am. 
  
 He saw flames and smoke billowing from the compound, and alerted the local police station. At about the same time, army officials from the Quick Response Force (QRF) of the 19th Frontier Force Regiment arrived on the scene, along with other police officials. The police were relegated to forming a cordon around the scene, with the army and Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) taking ownership of the site. The commission refers to the conduct of the police as being like "spectator[s]". Senior police officials, including a Deputy Inspector General (DIG), later arrived, and were allowed access to the interior of the house, testifying that they saw four dead bodies in the main house - presumably those of Khalid bin Laden, Ibrahim al-Kuwaiti, Abrar al-Kuwaiti and Bushra, Abrar's wife. 
  
 They were then all asked to leave the premises by the commandant of the nearby Pakistan Military Academy, who had established de facto control over the crime scene. 
  
 According to the DIG, Khairiyyah, Bin Laden's eldest wife, angrily said to him in broken English: "Now you come, when everything over!" 
  
 The commander of the military's QRF received information about the raid at 12:40am, when US forces were still inside the compound. By the time he, along with his commanding officer, arrived at the scene at about 1:20am, however, the Black Hawk had just been destroyed and US forces had left. The commandant of the PMA, who is also the army garrison commander in Abbottabad, arrived at 1:40am. Rescue crews were ordered to put out the flames and see to people's injuries, and all remaining inhabitants of the compound were taken into ISI custody. 
  
 By this time, it had become clear that a major operation had just taken place. Superior officers in the military were informed, and at about 2:00am, Major-General Ashfaq Nadeem, the Director-General of Military Operations (DGMO) called General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani, Pakistan's Chief of Army Staff. 
  
 Kayani then rang the Chief of Air Staff, Air Chief Marshal Rao Qamar Suleman at 2:07am - two hours and 47 minutes after the initial incursion - to inform him that Pakistani airspace had been violated, asking him to "shoot down the intruding helicopters", according to the DGMO's testimony. Pakistani news media by now were already reporting "a helicopter crash" in Abbottabad. 
  
 It took an additional 43 minutes for the Pakistani Air Force to scramble F-16s from its Mushaf Air Base (in Sarghoda, about 240km away). This was approximately three and a half hours after the initial incursion. 
  
 It is also approximately 24 minutes after the last US helicopter had left Pakistani airspace. 
  
 General Kayani then spoke with then-Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and the Foreign Secretary, apprising them of events. 
  
 It was not until 5:00am that Admiral Michael Mullen, the US Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee (JCSC) called General Kayani, explaining what had happened. Significantly, that is the only phone call made between US and Pakistan authorities, and it occurs between two senior military officers. 
  
 General Kayani then waited a further hour and 45 minutes to make his final phone call of the night, at 6:45am. 
  
 And who is that phone call to? Who is the last person in the Pakistani government command structure to know about the raid? 
  
 President Asif Ali Zardari. 
  
 Follow Asad Hashim on Twitter: @AsadHashim ||||| Former al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden was able to hide in Pakistan for nine years due to the "collective failure" of state military and intelligence authorities, a leaked Pakistani government report has revealed. 
  
 The report, obtained exclusively by Al Jazeera's Investigative Unit, also outlines how "routine" incompetence at every level of civil governance structure allowed the once world's most wanted man to move to six different locations within the country. 
  
 The report of the Abbottabad Commission, formed in June 2011 to probe the circumstances around the killing of Bin Laden by US forces in a unilateral raid on the Pakistani city of Abbottabad, draws on testimony from more than 200 witnesses, including members of Bin Laden's family, Pakistan's then spy chief, senior ministers in the government and officials at every level of the military, bureaucracy and security services. 
  
 It was released by the Al Jazeera Investigative Unit on Monday, after being suppressed by the Pakistani government. 
  
 It comes on the heels of a report by AP news agency revealing that top US special operations commander, Adm William McRaven, ordered military files about the Navy SEAL raid on Bin Laden's hideout to be purged from Defense Department computers and sent to the CIA, where they could be more easily shielded from ever being made public. 
  
 Following the US operation to kill Bin Laden in May 2011, which was avowedly conducted without the Pakistani government or military's knowledge, the Commission was set up to examine both "how the US was able to execute a hostile military mission which lasted around three hours deep inside Pakistan", and how Pakistan's "intelligence establishment apparently had no idea that an international fugitive of the renown or notoriety of [Osama bin Laden] was residing in [Abbottabad]". 
  
 The Abbottabad Commission was charged with establishing if the failures of the Pakistani government and military were due to incompetence or complicity, and was given overarching investigative powers. 
  
 The Commission's 336-page report is scathing, holding both the government and the military responsible for "gross incompetence" leading to "collective failures" that allowed both Bin Laden to escape detection, and the United States to perpetrate "an act of war". 
  
 Moreover, through the testimony of Bin Laden's family members, intelligence officials and the wife of one of his couriers, the Commission was able to piece together a richly detailed image of Bin Laden's life on the run from authorities, including details on the secluded life that he and his family led in Abbottabad and elsewhere. 
  
 It found that Bin Laden entered Pakistan in mid-2002, after narrowly escaping capture in the Battle of Tora Bora in Afghanistan in December 2001. Intelligence officials say he stayed briefly in the South Waziristan and Bajaur tribal areas of Pakistan, before moving to the northern Swat Valley to stay with his guards, Ibrahim and Abrar al-Kuwaiti, for several months. 
  
 While in Swat, Bin Laden reportedly met with Khalid Shaikh Mohammad, the alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks against the United States, in early 2003. A month later, Mohammad was captured in Rawalpindi in a joint US-Pakistani operation, and Bin Laden fled Swat. 
  
 Bin Laden turned up next in the town of Haripur, in northern Pakistan, where he stayed for two years in a rented house with two of his wives and several of his children and grandchildren. 
  
 In August 2005, they all moved to a custom-built compound in Abbottabad, a military garrison town located about 85km away from the Pakistani capital, Islamabad. He stayed there for six years, until he was killed in the US operation in May 2011. 
  
 'Culpable negligence' 
  
 According to the Commission's investigations, Pakistan's intelligence establishment had "closed the book" on Bin Laden by 2005, and was no longer actively pursuing intelligence that could lead to his capture. 
  
 This [was] a case of nothing less than a collective and sustained dereliction of duty by the political, military and intelligence leadership of the country. Abbottabad Commission report 
  
 Moreover, it found that there had been a complete collapse of governance and law enforcement - a situation it termed "Government Implosion Syndrome", both in the lack of intelligence on Bin Laden's nine-year residence in Pakistan, and in the response to the US raid that killed him. It finds that "culpable negligence and incompetence at almost all levels of government can more or less be conclusively established". 
  
 On the presence of a CIA support network to help track down Bin Laden in Pakistan without the Pakistani establishment’s knowledge, the Commission determined that "this [was] a case of nothing less than a collective and sustained dereliction of duty by the political, military and intelligence leadership of the country". 
  
 It also found that the US violation of Pakistani sovereignty, in carrying out the raid unilaterally, had been allowed to happen due to inaccurate and outdated threat assessment within the country’s defence and strategic policy establishments. 
  
 "It is official or unofficial defence policy not to attempt to defend the country if threatened or even attacked by a military superpower like the US?" the Commission asked of several top military officers. 
  
 Military officers, including the chief of the country's air force, testified that Pakistan's low-level radar was on "peacetime deployment", and hence not active on the border with Afghanistan, when the raid occurred. 
  
 The report concludes that unless there are major changes to Pakistan's defence strategy, it remains vulnerable to a repeat of such an airborne raid. 
  
 The Commission found that the country's "political, military intelligence and bureaucratic leadership cannot be absolved of their responsibility for the state of governance, policy planning and policy implementation that eventually rendered this national failure almost inevitable", and calls on key national leaders to formally apologise to the country for "their dereliction of duty". 
  
 Perhaps aware of the implications of its findings, the Commission noted that it had "apprehensions that the Commission's report would be ignored, or even suppressed", and urged the government to release it to the public. 
  
 It did not do so. The report was buried by the government and never released. 
  
 Al Jazeera's Investigative Unit obtained a copy of the Commission's report, and has now released it, in full, along with accompanying coverage to help unpick the details, and implications of its findings. 
  
 Al Jazeera has received credible reports that its domain (www.aljazeera.com) was blocked for users in Pakistan shortly after it released the Bin Laden Files at 15:00 GMT. 
  
 Page 197 of the report, which contains part of the testimony of Lt-Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha, then director of the ISI, was missing from all copies of the report that Al Jazeera obtained from multiple sources. It is unclear what was contained in that page, but the contextual implication is that, among other things, it contains a list of seven demands made by the United States of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks in 2001. 
  
 Follow Asad Hashim on Twitter: @AsadHashim |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?