PARIS — His entourage calls him “the Prince,” and after the militant Islamist takeover of a town in northern Mali last year, he liked to go down to the river and watch the sunset, surrounded by armed bodyguards. 
  
 Others call him “Laaouar,” or the One-Eyed, after he lost an eye to shrapnel; some call him “Mr. Marlboro” for the cigarette-smuggling monopoly he created across the Sahel region to finance his jihad. And French intelligence officials called him “the Uncatchable” because he escaped after apparently being involved in a series of kidnappings in 2003 that captured 32 European tourists, an undertaking which is thought to have earned him millions of dollars in ransoms. 
  
 Mokhtar Belmokhtar, 40, born in the Algerian desert city of Ghardaïa, 350 miles south of Algiers, is now being called the mastermind of the hostage crisis at an internationally run natural-gas facility in eastern Algeria. 
  
 Algerian officials say he mounted the assault and the mass abduction of foreigners; his spokesmen say the raid is in reprisal for the French intervention in Mali and for Algeria’s support for the French war against Islamist militants in the Sahel. 
  
 Mr. Belmokhtar has been active in politics, moneymaking and fighting for decades in the Sahel, which includes Mali, Mauritania and Niger and is one of the poorest regions in the world. But through this single action, one of the most brazen kidnappings in years, he has suddenly become one of the best-known figures associated with the Islamist militancy sweeping the region and agitating capitals around the world. 
  
 The 1989 killing in Pakistan of Abdullah Yusuf Azzam, a Palestinian considered the “father of global jihad” and a mentor of Osama bin Laden, prompted Mr. Belmokhtar to seek to avenge Mr. Azzam’s death, he has said in interviews. At 19 he traveled to Afghanistan for training with Al Qaeda, and has claimed in interviews to have made contact with other jihadi luminaries like Abu Qatada and Abu Muhammad al-Maqdisi, according to a 2009 Jamestown Foundation study. Bin Laden made contact with him, through emissaries, in the early 2000s, according to Djallil Lounnas, who teaches at Al Akhawayn University in Morocco. 
  
 Mr. Belmokhtar later named a son Osama, after Bin Laden, and inserted himself into local populations in the southern Algerian and northern Malian desert by marrying the daughter of a prominent Arab leader from Timbuktu, Mali. He is also said to have shared the riches of his lucrative activities with the impoverished local population, Mr. Lounnas has written. 
  
 Mr. Belmokhtar, described as taciturn, watchful and wary by a Malian journalist, Malick Aliou Maïga, who met him last summer, was one of the most experienced of the leaders of what became Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb until he broke with the group last year to form his own organization, the Signed-in-Blood Battalion, sometimes translated as the Signatories for Blood. Occasionally using the alias Khaled Abu Abass, he is thought to have based himself in Gao, Mali, which has seen heavy bombing by French warplanes. 
  
 It was not clear whether Mr. Belmokhtar was at the scene or commanding the operation from afar. 
  
 There are stories that he lost his eye fighting in Afghanistan, but others say he lost it fighting Algerian government troops after he returned to Algeria in 1993. The country was being ripped apart by civil war at the time, after the government annulled 1992 elections that were about to be won by an Islamist party. Mr. Belmokhtar has been a wanted man in Algeria since that time and condemned to death several times by Algerian courts. 
  
 Mr. Belmokhtar was falsely reported to have been killed in 1999. Nearly a decade later, the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat, which he joined, adopted the jihadist ideology of Bin Laden and renamed itself Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb. Mr. Belmokhtar is considered to have been a key intermediary with Al Qaeda and a well-known supplier of weapons and matériel in the Sahara. 
  
 But he clearly does not share authority easily, and left or was removed from his post as commander of a battalion in Mali last October, reportedly for “straying from the right path,” according to a Malian official, quoting the leader of Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, Abdelmalek Droukdel. 
  
 The dispute was about Mr. Belmokhtar’s return to smuggling and trafficking. Dominique Thomas, a specialist in radical Islam, told Le Monde that Mr. Belmokhtar’s activities ran counter to the group’s official line, which presents itself as entirely virtuous. 
  
 Mr. Belmokhtar then founded his new group, which he allied with the Movement for Oneness and Jihad in West Africa, another Islamist group that had broken off from Al Qaeda. 
  
 Some suggest that his expertise has been more in criminal activities than in holy warfare. Kidnapping and smuggling — of cigarettes, stolen cars, arms and drugs — have been his specialties in the vast and largely lawless border regions. He was said to be central to hostage-takings and subsequent negotiations for their release in 2003, 2008 and 2009. 
  
 Robert R. Fowler, a former Canadian diplomat and a United Nations special envoy to Niger, was kidnapped by Mr. Belmokhtar’s brigade in late 2008 and met with him several times. 
  
 “He’s a fairly slight, very serious, very confident-looking guy who moves with quiet authority,” Mr. Fowler said in a telephone interview from Canada. “He’s clearly been in the business of being a terrorist and surviving for a long time. I was always impressed by the quiet authority he exhibited.” 
  
 Mr. Maïga, the Malian journalist, recalled seeing Mr. Belmokhtar, dressed in black and wearing a turban that descended over his eye, leaving a hospital in Gao with his entourage. He called out to him, and a bodyguard quickly interposed himself: “You must not,” the bodyguard warned. “That is the Prince.” 
  
 Subsequently, Mr. Maïga recalled seeing Mr. Belmokhtar seated on the beach by the river at Gao, surrounded by bodyguards. “He was saying nothing. He has a fixed stare. He doesn’t trust people.” 
  
 Mr. Maïga and others say locals regard him with both respect and fear. 
  
 In an interview with the Mauritanian news agency Alakhbar in Gao in November, Mr. Belmokhtar said he respected “the clearly expressed choice” of the people of northern Mali “to apply Islamic Shariah law.” He warned against foreign interference, saying that any country that did so “would be considered as an oppressor and aggressor who is attacking a Muslim people applying Shariah on its territory.” 
  
 Mr. Belmokhtar was already scheduled to be tried again in absentia by the Algiers criminal tribunal starting next Monday, on charges that include supplying weapons for attacks on Algerian soil. Planned targets were said to include pipelines and oil company installations in southern Mali. ||||| ALGIERS/IN AMENAS, Algeria More than 20 foreigners were captive or missing inside a desert gas plant on Saturday, nearly two days after the Algerian army launched an assault to free them that saw many hostages killed. 
  
 The standoff between the Algerian army and al Qaeda-linked gunmen - one of the biggest international hostage crises in decades - entered its fourth day, having thrust Saharan militancy to the top of the global agenda. 
  
 The number and fate of victims has yet to be confirmed, with the Algerian government keeping officials from Western countries far from the site where their countrymen were in peril. 
  
 Reports put the number of hostages killed at between 12 to 30, with possibly dozens of foreigners still unaccounted for - among them Norwegians, Japanese, Britons, Americans and others. 
  
 By nightfall on Friday, the Algerian military was holding the vast residential barracks at the In Amenas gas processing plant, while gunmen were holed up in the industrial plant itself with an undisclosed number of hostages. 
  
 Scores of Westerners and hundreds of Algerian workers were inside the heavily fortified compound when it was seized before dawn on Wednesday by Islamist fighters who said they wanted a halt to a French military operation in neighboring Mali. 
  
 Hundreds escaped on Thursday when the army launched an operation, but many hostages were killed in the assault. Algerian forces destroyed four trucks holding hostages, according to the family of a Northern Irish engineer who escaped from a fifth truck and survived. 
  
 Leaders of Britain, Japan and other countries have expressed frustration that the assault was ordered without consultation and officials have grumbled at the lack of information. Many countries also withheld details about their missing citizens to avoid releasing information that might aid the captors. 
  
 An Algerian security source said 30 hostages, including at least seven Westerners, had been killed during Thursday's assault, along with at least 18 of their captors. Eight of the dead hostages were Algerian, with the nationalities of the rest of the dead still unclear, he said. 
  
 Algeria's state news agency APS put the total number of dead hostages at 12, including both foreigners and locals. 
  
 The base was home to foreign workers from Britain's BP, Norway's Statoil and Japanese engineering firm JGC Corp and others. 
  
 Norway says eight Norwegians are still missing. JGC said it was missing 10 staff. Britain and the United States have said they have citizens unaccounted for but have not said how many. 
  
 The Algerian security source said 100 foreigners had been freed but 32 were still unaccounted for. 
  
 "We must be prepared for bad news this weekend but we still have hope," Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said. 
  
 The attack has plunged international capitals into crisis mode and is a serious escalation of unrest in northwestern Africa, where French forces have been in Mali since last week fighting an Islamist takeover of Timbuktu and other towns. 
  
 "We are still dealing with a fluid and dangerous situation where a part of the terrorist threat has been eliminated in one part of the site, but there still remains a threat in another part," British Prime Minister David Cameron told his parliament. 
  
 Two Japanese, two Britons and a French national were among the seven foreigners confirmed dead in the army's storming, the Algerian security source told Reuters. One British citizen was killed when the gunmen seized the hostages on Wednesday. 
  
 "(The army) is still trying to achieve a ‘peaceful outcome' before neutralizing the terrorist group that is holed up in the (facility) and freeing a group of hostages that is still being held," Algeria's state news agency said on Friday, quoting a security source. 
  
 MULTINATIONAL INSURGENCY 
  
 Algerian commanders said they moved in on Thursday about 30 hours after the siege began, because the gunmen had demanded to be allowed to take their captives abroad. 
  
 A French hostage employed by a French catering company said he had hidden in his room for 40 hours under the bed before he was rescued by Algerian troops, relying on Algerian employees to smuggle him food with a password. 
  
 "I put boards up pretty much all round," Alexandre Berceaux told Europe 1 radio. "I didn't know how long I was going to stay there ... I was afraid. I could see myself already ending up in a pine box." 
  
 The captors said their attack was a response to the French military offensive in neighboring Mali. However, some U.S. and European officials say the elaborate raid probably required too much planning to have been organized from scratch in the single week since France first launched its strikes. 
  
 Paris says the incident proves its decision to fight Islamists in neighboring Mali was necessary. 
  
 Security in the half-dozen countries around the Sahara desert has long been a preoccupation of the West. Smugglers and militants have earned millions in ransom from kidnappings. 
  
 The most powerful Islamist groups operating in the Sahara were severely weakened by Algeria's secularist military in a civil war in the 1990s. But in the past two years the regional wing of Al Qaeda gained fighters and arms as a result of the civil war in Libya, when arsenals were looted from Muammar Gaddafi's army. 
  
 Al Qaeda-linked fighters, many with roots in Algeria and Libya, took control of northern Mali last year, prompting the French intervention in that poor African former colony. 
  
 The apparent ease with which the fighters swooped in from the dunes to take control of an important energy facility, which produces some 10 percent of the natural gas on which Algeria depends for its export income, has raised questions over the value of outwardly tough Algerian security measures. 
  
 Algerian officials said the attackers may have had inside help from among the hundreds of Algerians employed at the site. 
  
 U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said those responsible would be hunted down: "Terrorists should be on notice that they will find no sanctuary, no refuge, not in Algeria, not in North Africa, not anywhere... Those who would wantonly attack our country and our people will have no place to hide." 
  
 (Additional reporting by Ali Abdelatti in Cairo, Eamonn Mallie in Belfast, Gwladys Fouche in Oslo, Mohammed Abbas in London and Padraic Halpin and Conor Humphries in Dublin; Writing by Philippa Fletcher and Peter Graff; Editing by Andrew Roche and Tom Pfeiffer) ||||| Image caption The remote desert gas facility is not far from the Libyan border 
  
 Islamist militants are believed to be still holding a number of hostages at a gas facility in the Algerian desert. 
  
 At least four foreign workers and several militants died on Thursday when troops stormed the living quarters. 
  
 The militants had claimed to be holding 41 foreigners. At least four were freed but the fate of many others is unknown. 
  
 Meanwhile, BP said hundreds of workers from international oil companies had been evacuated from Algeria on Thursday and that many more would follow. 
  
 Analysis This was one of the most complex hostage situations seen in many years - one in which hopes for a simple, bloodless resolution always looked optimistic. The combination of a remote site in the desert, heavily armed militants, explosives at a gas facility and a kaleidoscope of nations with their citizens held hostage was always a volatile cocktail. However, there will still be questions about Algeria's decisions, particularly its reported reluctance to accept any advice or assistance. The countries whose nationals were being held may all have called for caution, but the Algerians were always going to be the key decision makers. It was their territory and many of their citizens were held hostage. They have a record of taking a tough, no-holds-barred approach. And given this was the first attack on a gas facility which provides the country's economic lifeblood they may have wanted to send a tough message to those considering repeating this. 
  
 Algeria has yet to give precise casualty figures from the rescue attempt. 
  
 The state-run APS news agency cited local officials as saying two Britons and two Filipinos were killed. Two others, a Briton and an Algerian, died on Wednesday when the militants ambushed a bus that was taking foreign workers at the facility to the local airport. 
  
 A spokesman for the militants told the Mauritanian ANI news agency that 35 hostages and 15 militants had been killed in Thursday's operation. One Algerian official said the figures were "exaggerated". 
  
 The In Amenas gas field is operated by the Algerian state oil company, Sonatrach, along with the British oil company BP and Norway's Statoil. 
  
 It is situated at Tigantourine, about 40km (25 miles) south-west of the town of In Amenas and 1,300km (800 miles) south-east of Algiers. 
  
 'Surrounded' 
  
 On Friday morning, the UK Foreign Office and Norwegian Foreign Minister Espen Barth Eide said they believed the incident was ongoing. 
  
 "Parts of the plant are under Algerian authorities' control, and other parts are not. This information is changing by the hour," Mr Eide told the BBC. 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Cameron tells MPs that British citizens remain at risk, but that the number has been “significantly reduced” 
  
 APS cited local officials as saying the military operation at the gas facility's living quarters, where most of the hostages were held, had ended on Thursday night. 
  
 "Hostages are still being held at the Tigantourine gas treatment plant, which is surrounded by special forces," APS added. 
  
 Later, UK Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament that he had been told by his Algerian counterpart, Abdelmalek Sellal, that troops were "still pursuing terrorists and possibly some of the hostages". 
  
 "They are now looking at all possible routes to resolve this crisis," he added, describing the situation as "fluid and dangerous". 
  
 Mr Cameron also revealed that on Thursday night, the number of British citizens at risk had been fewer than 30, but that it had now been "quite significantly reduced". 
  
 Later, a British plane carrying an emergency deployment team had arrived at the Hassi Messaoud airport, about 300 miles (480km) north-west of Amenas, the Foreign Office said. 
  
 Japanese officials were meanwhile cited as saying by the Kyodo news agency that at least 14 Japanese nationals were still missing. At least three managed to escape. 
  
 Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary, Yoshihide Suga, expressed "deep regret" at the actions of the Algerian security forces and its foreign ministry summoned the Algerian ambassador. 
  
 Despite requests for communication and pleas to consider the hostages' safety, the UK, Japan and US said they had not been told in advance about the military assault. 
  
 Mr Cameron said the Algerian prime minister had told him that commanders had "judged there to be an immediate threat to the lives of the hostages and had felt obliged to respond". 
  
 Algerian Communications Minister Mohand Said Oubelaid said: "Those who think we will negotiate with terrorists are delusional." 
  
 Norway said eight of its nationals were currently unaccounted for. One is being treated at a hospital in In Amenas, while four escaped unharmed. 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ireland's Deputy PM described hostage Stephen McFaul's escape as a ''truly horrific'' experience 
  
 French Interior Minister Manuel Valls said two French workers were safe. It was unclear if another two were involved, he added. 
  
 The Irish government confirmed that one of its citizens was free. Five Americans had survived and left the country, US officials told ABC News. Austria also said one of its nationals had been released and was safe. 
  
 APS said about 600 local workers had been freed in the raid, but many were reportedly allowed to leave on Wednesday by the militants. 
  
 A worker from CIS Catering, which employs about 150 Algerians at the facility, told French media he had hidden under the bed in his room for 40 hours before being rescued. 
  
 "I put boards everywhere. I had food, water, and I did not know how long I would stay there." 
  
 Foreign citizens involved Fourteen Japanese missing 
  
 Eight Norwegians missing 
  
 Significantly fewer than 30 Britons "at risk"; two Britons (from Scotland) believed to be safe 
  
 Unknown number of Americans 
  
 Possibly citizens of Romania, Thailand, the Philippines, Colombia, South Korea and Austria 
  
 Two French citizens safe 
  
 One Irish citizen from Northern Ireland safe 
  
 One Kenyan safe 
  
 One Austrian safe Q&A: Hostage crisis in Algeria Press links Algerian crisis with Mali operation 
  
 "When the soldiers came to get me, I did not even know it was over. They were with colleagues, otherwise I would never have opened the door," he added. 
  
 A statement purporting to come from the kidnappers says the raid was carried out in retaliation for the French intervention against Islamist groups, including al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), in neighbouring Mali. 
  
 But BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera says the kidnapping was a complex operation which is unlikely to have been planned and carried out since the surprising French intervention in Mali last Friday. 
  
 Mr Oubelaid said the militants were intent on "destabilising Algeria, embroiling it in the Mali conflict and damaging its natural gas infrastructure." 
  
 Algerian officials said they were operating under orders from Mokhtar Belmokhtar, who was a senior AQIM commander until late last year. 
  
 On Friday morning, a spokesman for al-Mulathameen (The Brigade of the Masked Ones) told ANI that it would carry out further operations. He warned Algerians to "stay away from the installations of foreign companies as we will strike where it is least expected". ||||| “This is an extremely difficult and dangerous situation,” Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton told reporters in Washington. Describing a conversation she had earlier Friday with Algeria’s prime minister, Abdelmalek Sellal, Mrs. Clinton said she had emphasized to him that “the utmost care must be taken to preserve innocent life.” 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Algeria’s state news agency, APS, said 12 Algerian and foreign workers had been killed since Algerian special forces began an assault against the kidnappers on Thursday. It was the highest civilian death toll Algerian officials that have provided in the aftermath of the assault, which freed captives and killed kidnappers but also left some hostages dead in one of the worst mass abductions of foreign workers in years. 
  
 Previous unofficial estimates of the foreign casualties have ranged from 4 to 35. The American who died, Mr. Buttaccio, lived in a gated community in Katy, a suburb that is about 30 miles west of downtown Houston.The Algerian news agency also said that 18 militants had been killed and that the country’s special forces were dealing with remnants of a “terrorist group” that was still holding hostages in the refinery area of the gas field in remote eastern Algeria. 
  
 It also gave a new sense of how many people may have been at the facility when the militants seized it on Wednesday, asserting that nearly 650 had managed to leave the site since then, including 573 Algerians and nearly half of the 132 foreigners it said had been abducted. But that still left many people unaccounted for. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 The senior Algerian official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said he believed there were about 10 hostages, under the control of possibly 13 to 15 militants, but he emphasized that “nothing is certain” about the numbers, which have varied wildly since the crisis began. He also said that there were other workers on the site “who are still in hiding” but that the Algerian military had secured the residential part of the gas-field complex. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 “What remains are a few terrorists, holding a few hostages, who have taken refuge in the gas factory,” he said. “It’s a site that’s very tricky to handle.” 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 The official also challenged the criticism made in some foreign capitals that the Algerian military had acted hastily and with excessive force. On the contrary, he said, Algerian forces had returned fire only as the militants sought to escape the complex with their captives. 
  
 “There was a reaction by the army,” he said. “They tried to flee and they were stopped,” the official said of the militants. “They came absolutely to blow the whole site up. These are bitter-enders.” 
  
 Earlier Friday, the State Department spokeswoman, Victoria Nuland, said that not all Americans had been freed. “We have American hostages,” she said, offering the first update on what was known about United States citizens since officials confirmed on Thursday that seven or eight of them had been inside the gas-field complex. 
  
 Photo 
  
 Ms. Nuland also said the United States would not consider a reported offer made by the kidnappers to exchange two Americans for two prominent figures imprisoned in the United States — Omar Abdel Rahman, a sheik convicted of plotting to bomb New York landmarks, and Aafia Siddiqui, a Pakistani woman convicted of shooting at two American soldiers in Afghanistan. It was impossible to confirm that offer, which was reported by the Washington-based SITE Intelligence Group, a service that tracks jihadist activity on the Internet. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Intensifying the uncertainties, a spokesman for the militants, who belong to a group called Al Mulathameen, said Friday that they planned further attacks in Algeria, according to a report by the Mauritanian news agency ANI, which maintains frequent contact with militant groups in the region. The spokesman called upon Algerians to “keep away from the installations of foreign companies because we will suddenly attack where no one would expect it,” ANI reported. 
  
 The Algerian military operation to end the gas-field siege was done without consulting foreign governments whose citizens worked at the facility. It has been marked by a fog of conflicting reports, compounded by the remoteness of the facility, near a town called In Amenas that is hundreds of miles across the desert from the Algerian capital, Algiers, and close to the Libyan border. 
  
 Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. 
  
 In London, Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament that the number of Britons at risk was estimated late Thursday at “less than 30.” That number has now been “quite significantly reduced,” he said, adding that he could not give details because the crisis was continuing. British officials have said they know at least one Briton was killed when the militants seized the facility. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Offering a broad account of Algeria’s handling of the operation, he told lawmakers: “We were not informed of this in advance. I was told by the Algerian prime minister while it was taking place. He said that the terrorists had tried to flee, that they judged there to be an immediate threat to the lives of the hostages and had felt obliged to respond.” 
  
 In Paris, Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius confirmed for the first time that a French citizen had been killed, although it was not clear exactly when. The victim, whom Mr. Fabius identified as Yann Desjeux, had contacted relatives as recently as noon Thursday, according to the French newspaper Sud Ouest, which also said it had spoken with Mr. Desjeux. Three other French citizens were involved in the hostage situation but are now safe, Mr. Fabius said. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Frustration with Algeria’s information vacuum seemed particularly vexing to Japan, where an energy company that had assigned 17 employees to the gas-field facility said Friday that seven were confirmed safe but that 10 were unaccounted for. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe had personally appealed to his Algerian counterpart by phone early Friday to stop the military action, the Asahi Shimbun newspaper reported, but was told that military action was “the best response and we are continuing our operation.” 
  
 Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta met with Mr. Cameron in London as Pentagon officials were continuing to try to learn details about the raid. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 “We are working around the clock to ensure the safe return of our citizens, and we will continue to be in close consultation with the Algerian government,” Mr. Panetta said in a speech in London before meeting with Mr. Cameron. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 A separate hostage situation of sorts appeared to have been averted at a village in Mali, the neighboring country where a French military intervention to stop radical Islamists may have been the catalyst for the Algerian gas-field seizure by the Al Mulathameen group. But details were sketchy. 
  
 A senior French official in Paris said Malian Islamist fighters, threatened by French and Malian soldiers, had occupied the village, Diabaly, and were threatening to use residents as human shields if attacked. But by Friday evening, a local official in Diabaly said the Islamists and most of the villagers had fled. “There’s practically nothing left in Diabaly except burned-out vehicles and boxes of ammunition,” said the official, Benco Ba, a local parliamentary deputy. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 The Algerian fighters had been prepared to attack the gas complex for nearly two months, the militants’ spokesman said, according to the ANI report, because they believed that the Algerian government “was surely going to be the ally of France” in the Malian conflict. 
  
 Hostages and analysts have said the attackers appeared well-prepared and deeply knowledgeable about the site, and there was evidence to suggest they had informers on the site or were in contact with workers there. An official at BP indicated earlier in the week that the attackers had shut off production at the site at the time of the attack, for instance. And at least two former hostages, interviewed independently, have said the fighters were aware of labor tensions and plans for a strike among catering workers on the site. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 “We know you’re oppressed; we’ve come here so that you can have your rights,” the militants told Algerians on the site, according to one former hostage. Another hostage said the fighters had asked about the plans for a strike. ||||| Algeria's military launched a raid Thursday to free about 40 foreigners held by militants at a remote natural-gas complex—leaving some hostages dead, surprising and angering several governments and putting leaders across the world at a loss to determine the fate of their citizens. 
  
 The U.S., U.K. and Japan, whose nationals were among those held, said they had urged the Algerians not to resort to force to free the hostages, who were taken Wednesday by militants with suspected ties to al Qaeda's regional affiliate. The U.S. and U.K. received no warning that the raid was beginning, officials from the countries said. 
  
 "Before the raid began, we urged the Algerians to be cautious and strongly encouraged them to make the safety of the hostages their top priority," an Obama administration official told The Wall Street Journal. 
  
 Some foreign hostages were killed when forces raided the southeast Algerian natural-gas facility, called In Amenas, an Algerian government official confirmed. He didn't elaborate. Algerian officials have told their American and European counterparts that news reports of the number of hostages killed at the site were vastly exaggerated, saying the number was likely close to 11 or 12, according to U.S. and Western officials. 
  
 The Algerian official said only that at least four engineers had been freed. An Irish hostage is safe and has made contact with his family, the Irish government said. 
  
 By late Thursday, with details sparse and often contradictory, most governments with citizens at the site said they were unable to offer casualty numbers or account for their missing. 
  
 U.S. officials said they believe as many as eight Americans were among the hostages. But officials have so far been unable to independently corroborate how many were killed in the raid, White House National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said. "Reports of casualties are all over the map," he said. 
  
 Even if Americans aren't among the casualties, U.S. officials worried that the siege pointed to a new era of terrorist attacks on Western interests in loosely governed regions, particularly in energy-rich parts of Africa. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday that the hostage crisis illustrated the growing threat of Islamic extremism in northern Africa and the need for the U.S. to coordinate closely with African and European countries to combat it. 
  
 Playing out deep in Algeria's desert, the drama focuses international attention on al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, or AQIM, and related groups that have spread across a vast territory that encompasses parts of Mali, Algeria, Libya and Chad. Members of AQIM claimed responsibility for Wednesday's hostage-taking, which they branded retaliation after France sent combat troops last week to support neighboring Mali in its battle against al Qaeda-backed militants. 
  
 A Briton and an Algerian were killed in Wednesday's militant attack, Algeria's Interior Ministry has said. 
  
 Nationals of nearly a dozen countries were among the hostages, with Norway, Austria and France also among those confirming that their citizens were held. The In Amenas project, a partnership between U.K.-traded BP PLC, Norway's Statoil and Algerian energy company Sonatrach, employs some 600 people, according to BP. 
  
 Thursday's action by the Algerians was its second attempt in as many days to free the hostages. 
  
 U.S. officials said Algeria didn't give the White House warning before it launched the raid. U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron also hadn't been informed of the operation beforehand, according to a spokesman for Mr. Cameron, who added that the prime minister lodged a personal protest Thursday with his Algerian counterpart. 
  
 As the raid unfolded, Mr. Cameron postponed a highly anticipated speech on Britain's role in the European Union. "It is a very dangerous, a very uncertain and a very fluid situation," Mr. Cameron, speaking with British Broadcasting Corp., said of the battle. "I think we have to prepare ourselves for the possibility of bad news ahead." 
  
 Algeria defended its decision to strike at the militants. The government took all necessary measures to reach a favorable ending, the country's press agency quoted Algerian communications minister Mohammed Said as saying. But the "radicalism of terrorists" had forced the army into launching an assault, he said, according to the Algerian agency, APS. 
  
 "An important number of" the suspected militants who seized hostages at the site on Wednesday were "neutralized" by ground forces during the assault, he said. 
  
 A spokesman for the militants said his group had been trying to transport some of the hostages to a more secure location but they were hit by Algerian airstrikes, according to the Mauritanian news agency ANI. 
  
 As of late Thursday, the battle between Algerian forces and militants continued, APS reported. Contradicting an earlier report that the raid had ended in full, the agency cited local officials as saying operations had been completed only at a living quarters at the facility, where most of the hostages had been held. 
  
 But a half mile away at the site—which satellite images and company photos reveal as a vast ochre-tinged plain, flanked by sand dunes and interrupted by the occasional tall metal crane and chimney—militants holding a smaller number of hostages were being surrounded by the army, APS reported. 
  
 U.S. officials couldn't confirm whether the operation was continuing. They said the U.S. military had deployed an unmanned drone over the gas field but that the images captured by the drone didn't provide a clear picture of the status of the hostages. 
  
 The attack also highlighted worries over a geopolitical risk that could threaten oil and gas operations. The attack shut down production of In Amenas, a major field which, at full capacity, could produce nine billion cubic meters of gas a year and 50,000 to 60,000 barrels a day of liquids. 
  
 Oil prices rose $1.25 to close at $95.49 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange on Thursday. Italian gas company Snam SpA said Thursday it has registered a drop of more than 13% in imports of gas from a pipeline coming from Algeria since the attack early Wednesday. 
  
 Risks to foreign energy companies operating in Algeria have improved since the 1990s civil war, but remain high, particularly along Algeria's coast. In contrast, the southern desert area where most of Algeria's oil- and gas-producing facilities are located are guarded by the Algerian army and security forces. This week's large-scale attacks marks a worrying break in peaceful operations there, said experts on the region. 
  
 Representatives from Statoil and BP said the companies had decided to bring employees home from other facilities in Algeria. Statoil's CEO said three flights will bring 40 employees home Thursday night. 
  
 BP officials declined to comment on the crisis late Thursday. Earlier in the day, it said it had been informed by the U.K. and Algerian governments of the raid but that it lacked reliable information and awaited updates from authorities. 
  
 Statoil Chief Executive Helge Lund said the company couldn't comment on the status of all 17 employees who were at In Amenas field and was worried about their well-being. 
  
 Into the night, families of Statoil hostages gathered at a hotel outside of Bergen on the Norwegian west coast, waiting for news. 
  
 Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg, meanwhile, said four Norwegian hostages were safe outside the In Amenas facility, while nine remained unaccounted for. 
  
 Speaking during a press conference, Mr. Stoltenberg said he was informed by Algerian Prime Minister Abdelmalek Sellal at midday that military action was under way. Mr. Stoltenberg said he told Mr. Sellal that hostage safety was the top priority. 
  
 "The Algerian PM told me they had tried to find a solution during the night, but had not succeeded, so they had no other choice" than to attack, he said, adding that Algeria had had to make a tough decision. 
  
 —Kjetil Malkenes Hovland, 
  
 Jay Solomon, Selina Williams, James Herron 
  
 and Jared Favole 
  
 contributed to this article. 
  
 Printed in The Wall Street Journal, page A1 
  
 A version of this article appeared January 18, 2013, on page A1 in the U.S. edition of The Wall Street Journal, with the headline: Rescue Raid Turns Deadly. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?