By. Daniel Miller. Last updated at 11:48 AM on 15th October 2011. Scientists are studying the DNA of a woman who was the world's oldest person until her death at the age of 115, in the belief it could contain the secrets to long life. Dutch woman Hendrikje van Andel-Schipper was born in 1890 and became the word's oldest person in May 2004 before her death in August the following year. What made her even more remarkable was the fact she remained mentally sharp right up until her death. Miracle: Scientists are examining the DNA of Hendrikje van. Andel-Schipper to try and discover how she remained so mentally sharp until her. death aged 115. She showed no signs of Alzheimer's disease which most experts assume would be inevitable for someone of her years. Nor did she suffer from may other conditions normally associated with people who live over the age of 100 such as hardening of the arteries. The Dutch woman has become the oldest person to have her complete genetic code sequenced. Now, six years after her death she has become the oldest person to have her complete genetic code sequenced as scientists hope to unlock the secrets to her good health and longevity. Ms van Andel-Schipper was an avid supporter of Ajax Football Club and attributed her old age to not smoking, pickled herrings and limiting alcohol to 'a small advocaat with cream on Sundays and holidays'. A team from VU University medical centre in Amsterdam have now begun comparing her DNA in an attempt to understand how genetic mutations develop in blood and brain tissue. Dr Henne Holstege, who is leading the study, said she hoped to discover if it was Ms van Andel-Schipper's genes that protected her from common age-related conditions or if it was down to other factors. Following her death in 2006 Ms van Andel-Schipper's brain was examined by Dr Holstege's father Gert, a neuroscientist at the Universtiy of Groningen, who was shocked to discover no signs of Alzeimers or dementia. He said: 'That came as something of a surprise. 'Everybody was thinking that when you have a brain over 100 years, you have a lot of problems. 'This is the first (extremely old) brain that did not have these problems.' In 1972, the then 82-year-old Van Andel called the University of Groningen in order to donate her body to science. She called them again at age 111 because she worried she might no longer be of interest. Dr Holstege senior tested her mental. abilities at the age of 112 and 113 and although she had problems with. her eyesight, she was alert and performed better than the average 60 to. 75-year-old. Keys to a long life: Ms Van Andel-Schipper's advised no smoking, a glass of Advocaat on Sundays and plenty of pickled herring. The project to fully sequence her genome using Life Technologies' Solid sequencing platform begun a year ago and the results were presented at the International Congress of Human Genetics in Montreal yesterday. Ms van Andel-Schipper was born prematurely weighing only 3.5 pounds and her family feared she wouldn't survive. She lived at home until the age of 47 and married tax inspector Dick van Andel who died in 1959. She had no children. All her siblings lived past 70, and her mother died at the age of 100. She finally died of gastric cancer having already survived breast cancer. Asked what advice she would give to people who want to live a long time, she once quipped: 'Keep breathing.'
Summarize the highlights of this article.