Ques & Ans: Batman: Under the Red Hood is a 2010 American animated superhero direct-to-video film produced by Warner Bros. Animation and released by Warner Home Video. It is the eighth feature in the DC Universe Animated Original Movies series. It was released on July 27, 2010. The film stars Bruce Greenwood as Bruce Wayne / Batman, Jensen Ackles as the Red Hood / Jason Todd, John DiMaggio as the Joker, Neil Patrick Harris as Nightwing / Dick Grayson, Jason Isaacs as Ra's al Ghul, and Wade Williams as Black Mask. The screenplay was written by Judd Winick, who also wrote the "Under the Hood" run in the monthly Batman comic.

Answer this question: who does neil patrick harris play in batman under the red hood?
Nightwing / Dick Grayson
Stream of consciousness: The important part for answering this question is: The film stars Bruce Greenwood as Bruce Wayne / Batman, Jensen Ackles as the Red Hood / Jason Todd, John DiMaggio as the Joker, Neil Patrick Harris as Nightwing / Dick Grayson, Jason Isaacs as Ra's al Ghul, and Wade Williams as Black Mask.

Ques & Ans: Macroeconomics (from the Greek prefix makro-meaning "large" and economics) is a branch of economics dealing with the performance, structure, behavior, and decision-making of an economy as a whole. This includes national, regional, and global economies. Macroeconomics and microeconomics, a pair of terms coined by Ragnar Frisch, are the two most general fields in economics. In contrast to macroeconomics, microeconomics is the branch of economics that studies the behavior of individuals and firms in making decisions and the interactions among these individuals and firms in narrowly-defined markets.

Answer this question based on the passage: who gave concept of micro and macro economics?
Ragnar Frisch
Stream of consciousness: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Macroeconomics and microeconomics, a pair of terms coined by Ragnar Frisch, are the two most general fields in economics.

Ques & Ans: Context: A running gag in the film is a song entitled "Love Take Me Down (to the Streets)", which is claimed by Martin to be by the band Wings. In the initial scene at the Sturdy Wings building, Martin begins singing the song, which he claims is "one of their hits from the' 70s", a fact which Danny denies. This is a minor recurring joke throughout the film. During the credits, the song plays and is listed on the film soundtrack as being performed by "Not Wings." The song was written by Charles Gansa, a composer who worked on the film, and A.D. Miles, who plays Martin in the film. It was written to imitate the style of the music of Wings and performed by Joey Curatolo, a Paul McCartney soundalike who performs in the Beatles tribute band Rain.

Question: who wrote love take me down to the streets?
Charles Gansa
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: The song was written by Charles Gansa, a composer who worked on the film, and A.D. Miles, who plays Martin in the film.

Ques & Ans: Victoria Falls (Tokaleya Tonga: Mosi-oa-Tunya, "The Smoke that Thunders") is a waterfall in southern Africa on the Zambezi River at the border between Zambia and Zimbabwe. It is clearly visible from the Zimbabwean side, which also has the town Victoria Falls named after the falls.

Answer this question based on the passage: where does the water come from that goes over victoria falls?
the Zambezi River
Stream of consciousness: