Please briefly summarize this news article:

Eurovision: we Brits just don’t get it

The BBC controls our entry because it pays so much to the European Broadcasting Union. For this, we’re guaranteed a place in the final, to the fury of the other nations, who can see how little effort we put into it. Our entry is chosen by an anonymous BBC official, who evidently has a supercilious disregard for the whole show. The corporation is in many ways a national treasure and excels at news, drama, radio and documentaries, but it is baffled by popular culture. It has proven itself to be the Ukip of Eurovision, fielding candidates in a foreign contest that it holds up to ridicule.

There are complicated factors at play, and yet the BBC seems blind to them. The winning song needs to cut across the boundaries of 39 countries, with wildly different musical traditions. Eurovision is an annual search for a common currency – everyone wants to do a Lili Marlene. During the war, this tune was popular with troops on all sides, and has become one of the most enduring and evocative songs of the last century. The right Eurovision song can do this, smashing through political, cultural and linguistic boundaries. Abba’s Waterloo has lost none of its explosive power over the decades. Italy’s 1958 entry, Volare, is still sung all over the continent, wherever beer is served late enough.

Music is just the first level. The lyrics need to make some kind of sense to 60 million people who speak 32 languages. Or countries can score by going to the other extreme and exude ethnic pride. As the European people have lost interest in “ever closer union”, so Eurovision scores have tended to reward self-proud ethnic styles.

Ukraine’s Ruslana won in 2006 with a song that started with the trembitas, an alpine horn used by Hutsul shepherds. Level three lies in the political zeitgeist: the ability of a Eurovision entry to articulate the historical moment. It can be a girl from 1970 Londonderry or 1982 West Germany singing about peace. Finland’s entry is about gay marriage, hoping to capture the mood this year.

The Terry Wogan approach to Eurovision – that it is a parade of foreigners for us to laugh at – was entertaining but out of date long before he quit. Eurovision has mutated into a complex musical and political festival with a broader constituency embracing countries the EU is keeping at arm’s length. It is one of the few arenas where countries like Moldova and Armenia can be welcomed into the comity of Western nations. They tend to sing their hearts out as a result, and victory means the world. Ukraine’s Orange Revolution, a protest against the Kremlin’s enduring influence, came months after its Eurovision win.

A YouGov poll this week suggests 75 per cent of Brits blame our Eurovision defeats on a discriminatory block vote system. This is nonsense: we do badly because our songs are dreadful. Yet Britain exports music worldwide. Our artists accounted for one in every six records bought in France and Germany last year. Adele, Mumford and Sons and One Direction recorded four of America’s five best-selling albums.

Our nation’s musical talent is immense, and much of it as international as the contest itself. This sums up our European problem perfectly: on a people-to-people level, relations are great. But when you get institutions involved, it all turns sour.

We could win Eurovision every year, if we chose. We just need to try.