q... The drinking age in Wisconsin is 21. Those under the legal drinking age may be served, possess, or consume alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian, or spouse who is of legal drinking age. Those age 18-20 may also be served, possess or consume alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian, or spouse who is of legal drinking age. Those age 18 to 20 may also possess (but not consume) alcohol as part of their employment.

Based on this passage, how old do you have to be to drink in wisconsin with a parent?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Those age 18-20 may also be served, possess or consume alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian, or spouse who is of legal drinking age.
The answer is age 18 - 20


q... Context: "Separation of church and state" is paraphrased from Thomas Jefferson and used by others in expressing an understanding of the intent and function of the Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States which reads: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ..."

Question: where is the expression of separation of church and state found in the constitution?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: "Separation of church and state" is paraphrased from Thomas Jefferson and used by others in expressing an understanding of the intent and function of the Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States which reads: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ..."
The answer is the Establishment Clause and Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment


q... The eponymous album was released on September 30, 2003. Sammy James Jr. of the band The Mooney Suzuki penned the title track with screenwriter Mike White, and the band backed up Jack Black and the child musicians on the soundtrack recording of the song. The film's director, Richard Linklater, scouted the country for talented 13-year-old musicians to play the rock and roll music featured on the soundtrack and in the film. The soundtrack includes "Immigrant Song" by Led Zeppelin, a band that has rarely granted permission for use of their songs in film and television. Richard Linklater came up with the idea to shoot a video on the stage used at the end of the film, with Jack Black begging the band for permission with the crowd extras cheering and chanting behind him. The video was sent directly to the living members of Led Zeppelin, and permission was granted for the song. The video is included on the DVD.

Who wrote the song in school of rock?
a... To answer the question, consider the following: Sammy James Jr. of the band The Mooney Suzuki penned the title track with screenwriter Mike White, and the band backed up Jack Black and the child musicians on the soundtrack recording of the song.
The answer is Sammy James Jr. of the band The Mooney Suzuki


q... In May 2015, Courtney appears to her son Spencer to help him realize that he is not disfigured from the fire he was injured months earlier, as well as helping him to become a better person. Before leaving, Courtney assures Spencer that she loves him and that she is always with him.

Answer this question: on general hospital who is spencer cassadine mother?
a...