Information:  - `` The Magic Bullet '' is episode 19 of season 4 in the television show Angel . Written and directed by Jeffrey Bell , it was originally broadcast on April 16 , 2003 on the WB network . While Jasmine settles in at the hotel with her followers for a mysterious gathering , Fred is forced to flee Los Angeles while the rest of the gang hunt her down , with assistance from most of the populace , who are also under Jasmine 's enchantment . Fred learns that Jasmine 's blood is the key to seeing her for what she really is and plots to free Angel and the gang from Jasmine 's influence .  - The X-Files is an American science fiction horror drama television series created by Chris Carter, which originally aired from September 10, 1993 to May 19, 2002 on Fox. The program spanned nine seasons, included 202 episodes, and a feature film of the same name. Later in 2008, a was made and preceded a tenth season revival, which consisted of six episodes, in 2016. The series revolves around FBI special agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who investigate X-Files: marginalized, unsolved cases involving paranormal phenomena. Mulder believes in the existence of aliens and the paranormal while Scully, a medical doctor and a skeptic, is assigned to make scientific analyses of Mulder's discoveries to debunk his work and thus return him to mainstream cases. Early in the series, both agents become pawns in a larger conflict and come to trust only each other and a very few select people. They develop a close relationship which begins as a platonic friendship, but becomes a romance by the end of the series. In addition to the series-spanning story arc, "Monster-of-the-Week" episodes form roughly two-thirds of all episodes.  - Southern California, often abbreviated as SoCal, is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises California's 10 southernmost counties. The region is traditionally described as eight counties, based on demographics and economic ties: Imperial, Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara, and Ventura. The more extensive 10-county definition, which includes Kern and San Luis Obispo counties, is also used based on historical political divisions. Southern California is a major economic center for the state of California and the United States.  - Los Angeles (Spanish for "The Angels"), officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A., is the second-most populous city in the United States (after New York City), the most populous city in California and the county seat of Los Angeles County. Situated in Southern California, Los Angeles is known for its mediterranean climate, ethnic diversity, sprawling metropolis, and as a major center of the American entertainment industry. Los Angeles lies in a large coastal basin surrounded on three sides by mountains reaching up to and over .  - Jeffrey Jackson Bell is an American writer/producer best known for his work on television. He began his career writing for "The X-Files", where he stayed for three seasons, then became a writer/director/producer on "Angel", becoming its showrunner for the final two seasons.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'the magic bullet ' with the relationship of 'director'.  Choices: - barbara  - chris carter  - david duchovny  - gillian anderson  - jeffrey jackson bell