Information:  - Algeria (' "Dzayer"), officially the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria, is a sovereign state in North Africa on the Mediterranean coast. Its capital and most populous city is Algiers, located in the country's far north. With an area of , Algeria is the tenth-largest country in the world, and the largest in Africa. Algeria is bordered to the northeast by Tunisia, to the east by Libya, to the west by Morocco, to the southwest by the Western Saharan territory, Mauritania, and Mali, to the southeast by Niger, and to the north by the Mediterranean Sea. The country is a semi-presidential republic consisting of 48 provinces and 1,541 communes (counties). Abdelaziz Bouteflika has been President since 1999.  - Ahmed Tewfik El Madani ( also spelled Ahmad Toufik al - Medani etc. ) ( 1899 -- 1983 ) was an Algerian nationalist leader during the Algerian War of Independence ( 1954 -- 61 ) , and a minister of the GPRA , a provisional exile government of the Front de libération nationale ( FLN ) . He belonged to the Association of the Ulema , an Islamic organization that formed a main pillar of the nationalist movement . After the war , he became an acclaimed historian . Madani was of Turkish origin .  - A historian is a person who researches, studies, and writes about the past, and is regarded as an authority on it. Historians are concerned with the continuous, methodical narrative and research of past events as relating to the human race; as well as the study of all history in time. If the individual is concerned with events preceding written history, the individual is a historian of prehistory. Although "historian" can be used to describe amateur and professional historians alike, it is reserved more recently for those who have acquired graduate degrees in the discipline. Some historians, though, are recognized by publications or training and experience. "Historian" became a professional occupation in the late nineteenth century as research universities were emerging in Germany and elsewhere.  - A narrative or story is any report of connected events, real or imaginary, presented in a sequence of written or spoken words, and/or still or moving images.  - History (from Greek , "historia", meaning "inquiry, knowledge acquired by investigation") is the study of the past as it is described in written documents. Events occurring before written record are considered prehistory. It is an umbrella term that relates to past events as well as the memory, discovery, collection, organization, presentation, and interpretation of information about these events. Scholars who write about history are called historians.  - Prehistory means literally "before history", from the Latin word for "before," ', and Greek '. Human prehistory is the period from the time that behaviorally and anatomically modern humans first appear until the appearance of recorded history following the invention of writing systems. Since both the time of settlement of modern humans and the evolution of human civilisations differ from region to region, prehistory starts and ends at different moments in time, depending on the region concerned.  - Tunis ("") is both the capital and the largest city of Tunisia. The greater metropolitan area of Tunis, often referred to as "Grand Tunis", has some 2,700,000 inhabitants.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'place of birth'.
Answer: