Question: Information:  - A monastery is a building or complex of buildings comprising the domestic quarters and workplaces of monastics, monks or nuns, whether living in communities or alone (hermits). A monastery generally includes a place reserved for prayer which may be a chapel, church or temple, and may also serve as an oratory.  - Prior, derived from the Latin for "earlier, first", (or prioress for nuns) is an ecclesiastical title for a superior, usually lower in rank than an abbot or abbess. Its earlier generic usage referred to any monastic superior.  - Lanfranc ( Latin : Lanfrancus ; 1005 x 1010 at Pavia -- 24 May 1089 at Canterbury ) was a celebrated Italian jurist who renounced his career to become a Benedictine monk at Bec in Normandy . He served successively as prior of Bec Abbey and abbot of St Stephen in Normandy and then as archbishop of Canterbury in England , following its Conquest by William the Bastard . He is also variously known as Lanfranc of Pavia ( Italian : Lanfranco di Pavia ) , Lanfranc of Bec ( French : Lanfranc du Bec ) , and Lanfranc of Canterbury ( Latin : Lanfrancus Cantuariensis ) .  - A title is a prefix or suffix added to someone's name in certain contexts. It may signify either veneration, an official position or a professional or academic qualification. In some languages, titles may be inserted before a last name (for example, "Graf" in German, Cardinal in Catholic usage or clerical titles such as Archbishop). Some titles are hereditary.  - Abbot, meaning father, is an ecclesiastical title given to the male head of a monastery in various traditions, including Christianity. The office may also be given as an honorary title to a clergyman who is not actually the head of a monastery. The female equivalent is abbess.  - In Christianity, an abbess (Latin "abbatissa", feminine form of "abbas," abbot) is the female superior of a community of nuns, which is often an abbey.  - Pavia (Lombard: "Pavia" Medieval Latin: "Papia") is a town and "comune" of south-western Lombardy, northern Italy, south of Milan on the lower Ticino river near its confluence with the Po. It has a population of c. 68,000. The city was the capital of the Kingdom of the Lombards from 572 to 774.  - Medieval Latin was the form of Latin used in the Middle Ages, primarily: as a medium of scholarly exchange; as the liturgical language of Chalcedonian Christianity and the Roman Catholic Church; and as a language of science, literature, law, and administration. Despite the clerical origin of many of its authors, medieval Latin should not be confused with Ecclesiastical Latin. There is no real consensus on the exact boundary where Late Latin ends and medieval Latin begins. Some scholarly surveys begin with the rise of early Ecclesiastical Latin in the middle of the 4th century, others around 500, and still others with the replacement of written Late Latin by written Romance languages starting around the year 900.  - Christianity is a monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ, who serves as the focal point for the religion. It is the world's largest religion, with over 2.4 billion followers, or 33% of the global population, known as Christians. Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God and the savior of humanity whose coming as the Messiah (the Christ) was prophesied in the Old Testament.    What is the relationship between 'lanfranc' and 'catholic church'?
Answer: