Article:
With parents like Kim Kardashian and Kanye West , we knewwas bound to have a fancy life even before she emerged from the womb… But I don’t think we were quite prepared for just how insane things would get. 
  
 From thousands of dollars in jewelry to one-of-a-kind designer outfits and a walk-in closet to boot, little Nori might just have the most lavish lifestyle of any one-year-old on the planet. 
  
 According to US Weekly, the famous tot has over 200 pieces of designer clothing–some of which she’s never even worn. Items include a $375 silk Oscar de la Renta Dress, a $200 leopard viscose frock from Roberto Cavalli, an Alexander Wang leather dress and Giuseppe Zanotti custom-made shoes. 
  
 And you know those little earrings North is always rocking? They’re a pair of $50,000 half-carat diamonds from 
  
 “Kim and Kanye are grateful when designers send them some pieces,” a source tells the publication. “North loves clothes and getting ready to go out. It’s a lot of fun.” 
  
 The parents are also building a walk-in closet in their new mansion to keep all of Nori’s pricey belongings safe, but they refuse to leave her stuff at home when they travel. Instead, they make sure to maintain the one-year-old’s lavish lifestyle wherever they are, buying five $940 Orbit Baby G2 strollers to keep at each of their most-visited places–including one in Paris, New York and at each one of Kim’s sisters’ homes. 
  
 Kimye also makes sure their daughter’s all-white nursery and her $3,950 crib is “replicated wherever they stay,” the source claims. “All of North’s stuff is always waiting at the location they’re traveling to.” 
  
 For example, on their recent trip to Paris for Fashion Week, Kim and Kayne booked North and her nanny their own penthouse suite at Le Royal Monceau to accommodate the baby’s needs. 
  
 Oh! And let’s not forget: The parents all made sure Nori had her own chef during the stay. “They use a local caterer to bring in food for North while she is in Paris. Kim likes Nori’s food to be all organic.” 
  
 Launch the gallery above to see photos from North’s luxurious baby life so far… ||||| According to a new report, Khloe Kardashian’s real father is Lionel Richie, whom her mother Kris Jenner “had a sexual affair” with while she was married to the late Rob Kardashian, Sr. He’s just the latest to be accused of being her biological dad, but now, after keeping silent on the issue for decades, the outspoken Kardashian has broken her silence. 
  
 “I’ve had so many dads my head is spinning lol,” Kardashian tells Gossip Cop. 
  
 Although she did not say anything else, in a 2009 episode of Keeping up with the Kardashians, the reality star questioned the identity of her dad and even thought about undergoing tests to prove that she was not actually adopted. 
  
 PHOTOS: See It For Yourself! Lionel Richie’s Teen Daughter A Spitting Image Of Khloe Kardashian, As New Report Claims He Had An ‘80s Affair With Kris Jenner 
  
 The allegations that Richie was actually her biological father were made by InTouch magazine, which claims to have a source close to Richie that disclosed the shocking news, saying that he “bragged about” his trysts with Jenner while she was married to her husband. 
  
 As Radar previously reported, Kardashian bears an uncanny resemblance to Richie’s daughter, Sofia Richie. 
  
 Who do you think that Khloe Kardashian’s real father is? Let us know in the comments. |||||Summary: