Problem:Context: Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman) is seventeen years old and seven months pregnant. She sets off on a road trip from Tennessee to California with her boyfriend, Willy Jack Pickens (Dylan Bruno) in an old, broken down 1963 Plymouth. When driving through Sequoyah, Oklahoma, Novalee notices, after her nap, that her shoes have gone through the car's floor boards. She asks Willy Jack to stop at the local Walmart so that she can go to the restroom and buy new shoes. The cashier is to give Novalee her change when she realizes the amount -- $5.55. She believes the number five to be a bad omen. Barefoot, she runs outside to find Willy Jack gone and he having left behind her and her new Polaroid camera. Having no other place to go she walks back inside and meets Thelma "Sister" Husband (Stockard Channing), who runs the Welcome Wagon in town. After Sister presents her with a buckeye tree, Novalee also meets Moses Whitecotton (Keith David), a local photographer who advises her to give her baby a strong name. A sickly Novalee soon runs into the restroom to vomit, only to discover the store has closed for the day. She lives in the Walmart, undetected, while spending her days walking around town or visiting the library before returning to the store during the night. Meanwhile Willy Jack is charged with fraternizing with a minor, and stealing from a convenience store. During his tenure in prison he composes a country song, "Beat of the Heart."

Question: who plays novalee in where the heart is?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman) is seventeen years old and seven months pregnant.
Natalie Portman.

Problem:Context: In January 1937, the Congress passed a joint resolution outlawing the arms trade with Spain. The Neutrality Act of 1937 was passed in May and included the provisions of the earlier acts, this time without expiration date, and extended them to cover civil wars as well. Furthermore, U.S. ships were prohibited from transporting any passengers or articles to belligerents, and U.S. citizens were forbidden from traveling on ships of belligerent nations.

Question: when was the neutrality act of 1937 passed?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The Neutrality Act of 1937 was passed in May and included the provisions of the earlier acts, this time without expiration date, and extended them to cover civil wars as well.
in May.

Problem:Passage: "Losing My Religion" is the twenty-seventh and final episode of the second season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, and the show's 36th episode overall. Written by Shonda Rhimes and directed by Mark Tinker, the episode was originally broadcast with "Deterioration of the Fight or Flight Response", in a two-hour season finale event on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States on May 15, 2006. Grey's Anatomy centers around a group of young doctors in training. In this episode, Dr. Izzie Stevens (Katherine Heigl) and her fellow interns have to plan a prom for Dr. Richard Webber's (James Pickens, Jr.) niece Camille Travis (Tessa Thompson). Further storylines include Dr. Preston Burke (Isaiah Washington) recovering from his gunshot wound and Denny Duquette's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) death following his seemingly successful heart transplant surgery.

Question: Based on this passage, when does denny from grey's anatomy die?
Solution: