Write a title for this article:

BY GREG B. SMITH DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

Tuesday, May 15th 2001, 2:21AM

ATLANTA - Strip joint owner Steven Kaplan charged yesterday that the government targeted him in a mob-racketeering investigation because he is a "New York Jew" who made millions with his high-profile Gold Club.

Kaplan's side of the story took center stage as prosecutors and defense lawyers presented opening arguments in what is expected to be a three-month trial and may include testimony from at least several professional athletes.

He is charged with running a prostitution ring to attract pro sports stars to his club, which prosecutors say was controlled by the Gambino crime family.

His lawyer, Steven Sadow, charged for the first time that Kaplan was "targeted by the government because there are motives and stakes here" that he likened to anti-Semitism.

"In 1996, the government's motives became clear. I'm Jewish, so I can say this: Steve Kaplan is a New York Jew. He in some ways epitomizes the stereotype of the New York Jew. He is outspoken, he says what he thinks and he is enormously successful," Sadow said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Arthur Leach took a different view, repeatedly mentioning the name of John A. (Junior) Gotti, who allegedly runs the Gambino family for his jailed father, John (Dapper Don) Gotti. Leach has brought the younger Gotti to Atlanta to testify, but Junior is refusing to cooperate.

In his opening remarks for the prosecution, Leach alleged that the Gold Club aggressively fleeced customers of their earnings, deliberately running up bills until their credit cards were maxed out. He described one "extremely intoxicated" customer who was hit with a $24,000 bill for one night.

The prosecutor said that when Knicks star Larry Johnson came to the club several years ago "and wanted a woman," he was denied. But the request "inspired" Kaplan to change his policy, Leach said, and use strippers as prostitutes to attract big-name sports stars.

Leach for the first time named names, saying ex-Knick Patrick Ewing, now of the Seattle Supersonics; Terrell Davis of the Denver Broncos, and Jamal Anderson of the Atlanta Falcons will be called as witnesses.

Leach said the defendant liked hanging out center court. "Mr. Kaplan reveled in the glow of their celebrity," Leach said.

Defense lawyers hinted that they may call ex-Knick John Starks, now with the Utah Jazz, to testify that a Gold Club manager, now a government informant, regularly arranged for prostitute strippers for pro athletes without the club's knowledge.

And they noted that during the 1996 Olympics, held in Atlanta, King Carl Gustaf of Sweden partied inside one of the elite "gold rooms" with several dancers while Secret Service agents guarded the door.

Leach said that other activities took place in those rooms, vowing to present dozens of strippers who will say that Kaplan was aware of rampant prostitution inside the club and even sat in and observed some of the activity.

Defense lawyers questioned the strippers' credibility and attacked a handful of Mafia associates who will testify for the prosecution.

Sadow spent much time cataloguing the misdeeds of several government informants, some of whom have admitted to participating in brutal torture murders and near-death beatings.

"They have recruited every scoundrel . . . every criminal they could possibly find and offered them money and their freedom," Sadow said.