Sam Robson's maiden England century in only his second Test was watched with pride by his elated parents Jim and Rosamunde. The Sydney-born Middlesex opener, 24, who qualified for England through his Nottingham-born mother, struggled in his first Test at Lord’s last week but settled his nerves to reach a memorable milestone. ‘It was incredible when he got his hundred,’ said Jim, who was nicknamed ‘Jungle’ as a boy because he came from a remote town in New South Wales. ‘It was a very nervous tea interval. I didn’t know what to expect because you never know until you reach that magic mark. But it is very special. ‘We flew over a couple of days before the Lord’s Test and we’re probably going to stay for a couple of weeks. VIDEO Scroll down for Sam Robson hit his first century in second Test for England. A day to savour: Sam Robson salutes the Headingley crowd after reaching three figures in his second Test. ‘I’m glad. we didn’t just come for the first Test. He was so nervous for that. match, it was a bit overwhelming for him. He had about 20 friends there. as well, so in one way it was good, but it was just my wife and I here. for this one. ‘It. was a bit like a party at Lord’s rather than a cricket game. He was. organising tickets and meeting us afterwards. It was probably too much. for him, so this time he’s been able to concentrate on the cricket.’ Jim,. who played grade cricket in Sydney when he was younger, celebrated with. gusto when his son reached three figures and insisted he had no mixed. feelings about his son’s choice of nationality. ‘As. soon as he turned 18 he came straight over to England to play. London. is one of the great cities of the world and I knew how good the cricket. set-up was. Over here is much better for a person like that. ‘He’s. not really a Twenty20 sort of player. If he had been, it might have. been different. But because of his style of cricket, you play a lot more. first-class games here. Proud parents: Jim and Rosamunde. celebrate their son's hundred at Headingley. ‘I’m. just a cricket lover and we just want him to do the best he can in. life. Sport is global now, he has been here seven years and he just. loves England. It doesn’t matter where he is playing, he will just do. the best for his team. I’m just proud of him. ‘If. he ever got to the level of the Ashes it would be amazing because he’s. got some great mates in the Australia team — Steve Smith and Phil Hughes. are two of his best friends.’ Robson. brought up his first Test hundred in only his second Test shortly after. tea at Headingley and celebrated in an understated manner which. reflected his compact batting style. ‘It. was very special to score a hundred and I just wanted to savour the. moment,’ he said. ‘Having my family here was also special because they. have helped me massively throughout my career and my whole life. ‘I came to England when I finished school and have been over here for six or seven years. ‘I’ve. loved living in London, I’ve got a great life here and this is where my. life is at now. I’ve loved being a Middlesex player. ‘There. was a chance to play some domestic cricket in Australia during the. winter but I played with the (England) Lions group and that was the end. of it. ‘I’m loving every minute of being involved in this England team. ‘The boys have made me incredibly welcome and scoring a Test hundred is the stuff dreams are made of.’
Summarize the highlights of this article.