What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Blind rivets can be installed from 1 side and create secure fastenings without the hammering process necessary for solid rivet installation. Standard blind rivets are the most affordable type and are great for holes that are regularly shaped and aligned properly.  Use standard blind rivets for securing metal pieces that aren't going to carry lots of weight. To determine the maximum weight your rivets can hold, look at the back of the package for their shear strength. Never use standard rivets for situations that require a water-proof seal. If you're working with important structural joints, don't use blind rivets. Instead, use solid rivets with a pneumatic rivet gun. These rivets have a wider grip range and always completely fill the holes in your metal due to their "bulbing" action. They are best suited for irregular, oversized, or misaligned holes, as well as situations where you're unsure of the optimal rivet length.  Multi-grip rivet seals are weather and vibration-proof. Sealed rivets possess an enclosed mandrel (the longer end) that creates a water-tight seal upon installation. They can fasten many kinds of materials and perform well across varying temperature fluctuations and thicknesses.  If you don't need a water-tight seal, opt for standard rivets instead—they're typically cheaper than sealed products. Interlock rivets are best if you need increased pull-out and shear strength, such as in structural applications. They come in large sizes that typically don't fit the smaller rivet guns.  Interlock rivets work great for closing big gaps and preventing sheet movement. Dome head rivets are the most common type for pop guns due to their versatility and simple application. They're best used for situations that require reliability and safety. For example, thousands of dome head rivets are used to create the structural frame of modern aircraft.  If you're unsure of the applicability of dome heads for your situation, take a look at their packaging to determine the shear strength (listed as weight in pounds) that they can support. Use dome heads when connecting material similar to carbon steel, when the rivet is close to the edge of the material you are fastening. These blind rivets are also called round heads. Flat rivets are countersunk and ideal for soft materials, which are defined as anything easily deformed by temperature extremes or fluctuations, such as polymers, granular materials, and soft biological materials. This is due to their large head that increases their load-bearing area. They are also ideal for situations where nearby rivets and structures make it impossible to accommodate round heads. Load-bearing area is the region that the load-bearing structure can reliably hold up. There are many different kinds of rivet materials. Always match the rivet to the type of metal you're attaching whenever possible. For example, aluminum metal should be fastened with aluminum rivets.  If you're fastening leather with a rivet, always use copper, aluminum, or brass. Steel rivets will rust due to leather's tendency to retain moisture. Steel mandrels have a tendency to corrode, and can also create a reaction with surrounding materials. Avoid purchasing rivets that are made from steel mandrels paired with a stainless steel or aluminum body.  Purchase a variety pack for a wide selection of rivets of different sizes and materials.

Summary: