19 Kids and Counting star Anna Duggar, who is expecting her fourth child with her husband Josh Duggar, has been showing off her growing baby bump. The 26-year-old mom flaunted her expanding stomach in a red empire waist dress on Friday at an event attended by her husband's parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar, as well as Janet Huckabee, wife of Republican former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee. Josh, 26, who is the eldest of Jim Bob and Michelle's 19 children, shared photos of his wife and family on Instagram the following day, captioning one picture: 'Great to be with friends & family this weekend.' Baby on board: Josh (right) and Anna (center) Duggar posed for a photo with Mike Huckabee's wife Janet (left) on Friday night. Anna, who is expecting her fourth child, showed off her baby bump in a red empire waist dress. Growing family: Josh, who is the eldest child of Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar (left), shared photos of his wife and family on Instagram the following day. Another snapshot shows Josh and Anna posing with Mrs Huckabee. 'Always great to see our friend #JanetHuckabee,' he wrote. Last month, Mrs Huckabee's husband expressed his support for the Duggars during an interview with People, in which he described the family as 'wholesome and wonderful'. Josh and Anna, who married in September 2008, announced that they are expecting on her Twitter page last December. Best kept secret: Josh and Anna shared their happy news in a video released by TLC. They admitted that they had waited until after Josh's sister Jessa's wedding to Ben Seewald to tell their family. Proud parents: The couple are parents to a five-year-old daughter Mackynzie and sons Michael , 3, and Marcus, 1. 'We are so excited to announce...we're pregnant! #4andCounting #BlessingfromTheLord @joshduggar #19Kids,' Anna wrote. The couple already have three young children, a daughter, Mackynzie Renée, 5, and two sons, Michael James, 3, and Marcus Anthony, 1. In a video released by TLC, the couple revealed that they had waited until after Josh's sister Jessa's November wedding to Ben Seewald to share the news with their family. Anna, who is due early June, will welcome her fourth child just a few months after Josh's sister Jill is expecting her first baby with husband Derick Dillard. 'This time of the year, there's so many things we're thankful for,' Josh said in the video. 'From my sisters getting proposed to and married, to all the fans who are watching at home.' Future cousins: Jill Duggar and her sister-in-law Anna compare their expanding stomachs. Jill's first child with husband Derick Dillard is due in March. Anna soon announced that she was expecting, and despite her bout with morning sickness, she couldn't be happier. 'After Ben and Jessa's wedding, we were still visiting with the family in Arkansas,' she said, 'and that was really exciting to get to share with the family the exciting news.' Josh moved his family from Arkansas to Washington D.C. in 2013 after he accepted the position of executive director of FRC Action, a legislative arm of the Family Research Council, which aims to educate the public about 'traditional American values'. The ninth season of 19 Kids and Counting premieres February 17. In the first episode, Jill and Derick find out that they are expecting their first child after only 30 days of marriage and happily announce the news to their ever-growing family.
What are the important parts of this article?