By. Associated Press. and Helen Pow. Charged: Charles Wilkinson, pictured, 69, a retired police officer, killed his wife, 65-year-old Kathleen Wilkinson, inside their upstate New York home last week, authorities said Monday. A 69-year-old retired police officer killed his wife inside their upstate New York home last week, then spent several days with the body, authorities said Monday. A sheriff's deputy looking into the welfare of 65-year-old Kathleen Wilkinson found her body Sunday on a bedroom floor in her home in Malta, 20 miles north of Albany, Saratoga County District Attorney James Murphy III said. She was choked during a domestic dispute last week with her husband of 46 years, Charles Wilkinson, a retired officer in Long Island's Nassau County, a felony complaint states. The man spent the weekend in the house with the body before letting the deputy in after police received calls from her acquaintances saying they hadn't heard from her for several days, the prosecutor said. Friends of the woman had gone to the home, but Charles Wilkinson wouldn't let them in, Murphy said. Further details on the time and cause of death won't be determined until after an autopsy is conducted Monday afternoon, he said. However, a felony complaint filed with the town court and seen by the Daily Gazette indicates Wilkinson choked his wife to death at about 10 p.m. Friday. Sheriff's deputies were called to the house for a welfare check by the couple's adult son who lives ion the Boston area. 'The responding deputy was greeted at the door by Charles Wilkinson. After a period of discussion at the door Charles Wilkinson allowed the deputy to enter the residence at which time the deputy located the body of Kathleen Wilkinson deceased on the floor of a first-floor bedroom,' the sheriff's statement continued. They could see no obvious cause of death. Scene: Wilkinson spent the weekend in the house, pictured, with the body before letting the deputy in after police received calls from her acquaintances saying they hadn't heard from her for several days, prosecutors said. Wilkinson was charged with second-degree murder and was being held in the county jail without bail. Murphy said he didn't know whether Wilkinson had a lawyer. Authorities have yet to determine a motive for the slaying, despite lengthy interviews with Wilkinson. Wilkinson retired after 13 years with the Nassau County Police Department in 1984. He then worked as a painter and most recently as a part-time security guard at the nearby GlobalFoundries computer chip plant. The couple had lived in Malta for about 10 years and have two adult children who live in the Boston area, Murphy said. Kathleen Wilkinson worked as a teachers' aide on Long Island, but hadn't worked since the couple moved to Malta. The slaying occurred in a tidy suburban development a few miles south of Saratoga Springs. Neighbors spoke highly of the couple and said they weren't aware of any domestic issues, Murphy said. There was also no history of prior domestic violence calls to police from the home. 'We're very lucky to have very few murders,' he said. 'Certainly it's very disturbing to have it happen in a very quiet neighborhood.' Wilkinson is being held Saratoga County Jail in lieu of bail. Second degree murder carries a potential sentence of 25 years to life in prison. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: