Answer the following question: Information:  - Kursk is a city and the administrative center of Kursk Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Kur, Tuskar, and Seym Rivers. The area around Kursk was the site of a turning point in the SovietGerman struggle during World War II and the site of the largest tank battle in history. Population:   - The Battle of Kursk was a Second World War engagement between German and Soviet forces on the Eastern Front near Kursk (south-west of Moscow) in the Soviet Union during July and August 1943. The German offensive was code-named Operation Citadel and led to one of the largest armoured clashes in history, the Battle of Prokhorovka. The German offensive was countered by two Soviet counter-offensives, Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev and Operation Kutuzov. For the Germans, the battle was the final strategic offensive that they were able to launch on the Eastern Front. Their extensive loss of men and tanks ensured that the victorious Soviet Red Army enjoyed the strategic initiative for the remainder of the war.  - Operation Kutuzov was a major offensive launched by the Red Army on 12 July 1943, in the Central Russian Upland, against Army Group Center of the German "Wehrmacht". The operation was named after General Mikhail Kutuzov, the Russian general credited with saving Russia from Napoleon during the French invasion of Russia in 1812. Operation Kutuzov was one of two large-scale Soviet operations launched as counteroffensives against Operation Citadel. The Operation began on 12 July and ended on 18 August 1943 with the capture of Orel and collapse of the Orel bulge.  - The Battle of Prokhorovka was fought on 12 July 1943 near Prokhorovka, southeast of Kursk, in the Soviet Union, during the Second World War. Taking place on the Eastern Front, the fighting was part of the wider Battle of Kursk, and occurred when the 5th Guards Tank Army of the Soviet Red Army attacked the II SS-Panzer Corps of the German Wehrmacht in one of the largest tank battles in military history.  - The Workers' and Peasants' Red Army (: RKKA, frequently shortened in Russian to ; KA, in English: Red Army also in critical literature and folklore of that epoch - Red Horde, Army of Work) was the army and the air force of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, and after 1922 the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The army was established immediately after the 1917 October Revolution (Red October or Bolshevik Revolution). The Bolsheviks raised an army to oppose the military confederations (especially the various groups collectively known as the White Army) of their adversaries during the Russian Civil War. Beginning in February 1946, the Red Army, along with the Soviet Navy, embodied the main component of the Soviet Armed Forces; taking the official name of "Soviet Army", until its dissolution in December 1991.  - The 216th Infantry Division was a German Army division that was created during the Second World War ; it was active from 1939 -- 1943 . It served on the Western Front in 1940 , and later took part in the Eastern Front campaign , being involved in the disastrous Battle of Kursk .  - Moscow (or ) is the capital and most populous city of Russia, with 12.2 million residents within the city limits and 16.8 million within the urban area. Moscow has the status of a Russian federal city.    What is the relationship between '216th infantry division ' and 'wehrmacht'?
Answer: