Q: James Arnold Taylor (born July 22, 1969) is an American voice actor, known for portraying Ratchet in the Ratchet & Clank franchise; the main character Tidus in Final Fantasy X; and Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Star Wars animated features such as Star Wars: The Clone Wars and the franchise's video games.

Answer this question: voice of obi wan in the clone wars?
A: James Arnold Taylor. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: James Arnold Taylor (born July 22, 1969) is an American voice actor, known for portraying Ratchet in the Ratchet & Clank franchise; the main character Tidus in Final Fantasy X; and Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Star Wars animated features such as Star Wars: The Clone Wars and the franchise's video games.

Q: Context: Those elected or nominated (by the President) to either house of Parliament are referred to as members of parliament (MP). The Members of Parliament, Lok Sabha are directly elected by the Indian public voting in Single-member districts and the Members of Parliament, Rajya Sabha are elected by the members of all of the State Legislative Assembly by proportional representation. The Parliament has a sanctioned strength of 545 in Lok Sabha including the 2 nominees from the Anglo-Indian Community by the President, and 245 in Rajya Sabha including the 12 nominees from the expertise of different fields of science, culture, art and history. The Parliament meets at Sansad Bhavan in New Delhi.

Question: lok sabha or rajya sabha which is bigger?
A: Lok Sabha. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: The Parliament has a sanctioned strength of 545 in Lok Sabha including the 2 nominees from the Anglo-Indian Community by the President, and 245 in Rajya Sabha including the 12 nominees from the expertise of different fields of science, culture, art and history.

Q: Robin Starveling is a character in William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream (1596), one of the Rude Mechanicals of Athens who plays the part of Moonshine in their performance of Pyramus and Thisbe. His part is often considered one of the more humorous in the play, as he uses a lantern in a failed attempt to portray Moonshine and is wittily derided by his audience. Scholars have argued that his amateur performance communicates many of the problems Shakespeare would have been familiar with in the theatre: heckling, lack of adequate props, and amateur acting abilities.

Answer this question: in which play would you find a character called starveling?
A: William Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream ( 1596 ). How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: Robin Starveling is a character in William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream (1596), one of the Rude Mechanicals of Athens who plays the part of Moonshine in their performance of Pyramus and Thisbe.

Q: Context: Its architecture and mosaics were patterned after nearby Byzantine churches and palaces, although its outside appearance has been significantly changed in the Ottoman period and again in the modern period, notably with the addition of the gold-plated roof, in 1959 -- 61 and again in 1993. The octagonal plan of the structure may have been influenced by the Byzantine Church of the Seat of Mary (also known as Kathisma in Greek and al-Qadismu in Arabic) built between 451 and 458 on the road between Jerusalem and Bethlehem.

Question: when was the dome of the rock painted gold?
A: