Please answer the following question: Information:  - A composer (Latin "compn"; literally "one who puts together") is a person who creates or writes music, which can be vocal music (for a singer or choir), instrumental music (e.g., for solo piano, string quartet, wind quintet or orchestra) or music which combines both instruments and voices (e.g., opera or art song, which is a singer accompanied by a pianist). The core meaning of the term refers to individuals who have contributed to the tradition of Western classical music through creation of works expressed in written musical notation (e.g., sheet music scores).  - Herbert A. `` Herb '' Magidson ( January 7 , 1906 -- January 2 , 1986 ) was an American popular lyricist . His work was used in over 23 films and four Broadway reviews . He won the first Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1934 .  - Lyrics are words that make up a song usually consisting of verses and choruses. The writer of lyrics is a lyricist. The words to an extended musical composition such as an opera are, however, usually known as a "libretto" and their writer, as a "librettist". The meaning of lyrics can either be explicit or implicit. Some lyrics are abstract, almost unintelligible, and, in such cases, their explication emphasizes form, articulation, meter, and symmetry of expression. Rappers can also create lyrics with a variation of rhyming words or words that create and tell a story or song.  - A songwriter is an individual who writes the lyrics, melodies and chord progressions for songs, typically for a popular music genre such as rock or country music. A songwriter can also be called a composer, although the latter term tends to be used mainly for individuals from the classical music genre. The pressure from the music industry to produce popular hits means that songwriting is often an activity for which the tasks are distributed between a number of people. For example, a songwriter who excels at writing lyrics might be paired with a songwriter with a gift for creating original melodies. Pop songs may be written by group members from the band or by staff writers  songwriters directly employed by music publishers. Some songwriters serve as their own music publishers, while others have outside publishers.  - The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) is a professional honorary organization with the stated goal of advancing the arts and sciences of motion pictures. The Academy's corporate management and general policies are overseen by a Board of Governors, which includes representatives from each of the craft branches.  - The Academy Award for Best Original Song is one of the awards given annually to people working in the motion picture industry by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is presented to the "songwriters" who have composed the best "original" song written specifically for a film. The performers of a song are not credited with the Academy Award unless they contributed either to music, lyrics or both in their own right.  - A lyricist or lyrist is a person who writes lyricswords for songsas opposed to a composer, who writes the song's melody.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'herb magidson' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - composer  - general  - lyricist  - pianist  - singer  - songwriter  - writer
Answer: