Answer: the Necessary and Proper Clause of the Constitution. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: Context: Article I of the Constitution sets forth most of the powers of Congress, which include numerous explicit powers enumerated in Section 8. Constitutional amendments have granted Congress additional powers. Congress also has implied powers derived from the Necessary and Proper Clause of the Constitution.

Question: where are the implied powers of congress found in the constitution?
CoT: To answer the question, consider the following: Congress also has implied powers derived from the Necessary and Proper Clause of the Constitution.


Ans: Mexico City
Ques: Passage: On September 27, 1821 the Army of the Three Guarantees entered Mexico City, and the following day Iturbide proclaimed the independence of the Mexican Empire, as New Spain was henceforth to be called. The Treaty of Córdoba was not ratified by the Spanish Cortes. Iturbide included a special clause in the treaty that left open the possibility for a criollo monarch to be appointed by a Mexican congress if no suitable member of the European royalty would accept the Mexican crown. Half of the new government employees appointed were Iturbide's followers.

Question: Based on this passage, where did mexico win its independence from spain?
CoT: This is the relevant information: On September 27, 1821 the Army of the Three Guarantees entered Mexico City, and the following day Iturbide proclaimed the independence of the Mexican Empire, as New Spain was henceforth to be called.


Ans: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
Ques: Romeo and Juliet, TH 42, ČW 39, is an orchestral work composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky. It is styled an Overture-Fantasy, and is based on Shakespeare's play of the same name. Like other composers such as Berlioz and Prokofiev, Tchaikovsky was deeply inspired by Shakespeare and wrote works based on The Tempest and Hamlet as well.

Who wrote the music for romeo and juliet?
CoT: The relevant sentence in the passage is: Romeo and Juliet, TH 42, ČW 39, is an orchestral work composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.


Answer: 1960. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: The Philadelphia Eagles are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Eagles compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) East division. They are Super Bowl champions, having won Super Bowl LII, their fourth NFL title, after winning in 1948, 1949, and 1960.

Answer this question based on the passage: when was the last time the eagles won the superbowl other than 2018?
CoT: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: They are Super Bowl champions, having won Super Bowl LII, their fourth NFL title, after winning in 1948, 1949, and 1960.


Ans: Huey ' Piano ' Smith
Ques: Context: "Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu" is a song written and originally recorded by Huey' Piano' Smith in 1957, who scored a minor hit with the song (No. 52 Billboard).

Question: who sang rockin pneumonia and the boogie woogie flu?
CoT: To answer the question, consider the following: "Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu" is a song written and originally recorded by Huey' Piano' Smith in 1957, who scored a minor hit with the song (No. 52 Billboard).


Ans: Brother Lawrence ( born Nicholas Herman ) , a 17th - century Carmelite monk
