Article: In this modern age cameras are accessible almost everywhere. Choose which camera you would like to use be it your computer webcam, cell phone, film/digital camera, or disposable camera.  If you do not have any of these, go to your nearest electronics store and ask an employee which camera would work best for you. If you are low on cash, buy a disposable camera from places like grocery stores or gas stations. Otherwise, ask a friend if you can use their camera. Decide whether you want a “mug shot” or full-length photo. Facebook profile pictures are small sized, so having either a head shot would be best. If you love your shape, try a pose to the waist. Selfies are self-portraits generally taken by a digital camera or camera phone supported by your hand or “selfie stick”. Taking selfies enable you to have more control over how others see you.  For most people, the best angle for a selfie is one that's slightly higher than their line of vision. And you probably shouldn't stare directly into the camera, either. Most people don’t look their best straight on, so angle your face using your “good side”.   Selfie sticks are monopods that help you take selfies beyond the range of your hand. Otherwise, elongate your arm and snap a photo of yourself. If you are using a smart phone, flip your phone so you can see your image in the screen. You can position the image exactly as you please and snap a photo  Try to keep your arm out of the frame. most phone cameras are higher quality on the back of the phone (not in forward facing mode), so it may be better to have someone take you picture for you, even if it's selfie-style.   If you don’t have a smart phone or you are using a camera, find a mirror so you can still see your image. If there is no mirror accessible, angle it toward you as best you can. Most selfie sticks come with mirrors. Find a friend or someone nearby to take a photo of you. Make sure your photographer knows how to focus the camera to avoid blurriness and pixelation. Generally cameras have a little box that pops up when looking through/at the screen. Have them center you in this box and snap the photo. This is the easiest way to center and focus the photo.  If the box does not show up automatically, there should be an option in the settings or directions of the camera to show you how to make it appear. To spice up the image, have your photographer zoom in all the way, step back until your image clearly fills the frame (with space around all sides), and snap the photo. Make sure the flash is off to avoid harsh light. Having a timer will enable you to position yourself in the ideal way. Ask your photographer to give you a countdown, or give yourself a countdown. If you are taking a selfie, rest the camera on a stable surface, set the timer, and get into position. Read the directions that come with your camera on how to set a timer. If you lost the hard copy of the directions, a google search should prove fruitful. By taking a lot of photos you have a larger selection to choose from. The first couple snapshots may not turn out the way you envisioned, so take a lot and pick the one you like the best. Throughout the photo-shoot, periodically look at the photos you have taken. This way you can judge what you need to change in order to take an amazing picture. For example, you may need to change locations, switch up your posture, or fix your hair.
What is a summary of what this article is about?