This is the Ugandan aircraft that Africa hopes will thrust it right into the space race. Constructed amidst the rubble of his mother's backyard, ambitious Chris NSamba believes the African Skyhawk will lead to his continent launching its first astronaut into orbit. The African Space Research Programme founder has been helped by 600 volunteers in partially achieving the first stage of his dream - the creation of the plane that will penetrate the edge of space by flying at 80,000ft. Scroll down for video... Ambitious: This is the Ugandan aircraft, the Africa Skyhawk, that Chris NSamba hopes will thrust the country right into the space race. The African Space Research Programme founder has been helped by 600 volunteers. And once the African Skyhawk has had a successful test flight sometime next year, the 28-year-old plans to turn his hand to building the continent's first space shuttle. He firmly believes it will launch in the next 'four to six years'. But given the condition of his project at the moment, he might be advised to buy a gigantic rubber band to help it on its way. The former astronomy student said: 'It isn't about money, it isn't about competition or pride. 'The mission is about advancement in space technology as a continent and what we can contribute towards that growth. 'We are trying to have Africa participate in the contribution of knowledge into mankind's destiny.' The cynical may question how NSamba can launch his own space programme without any money, and be entirely reliant on donations. Is he mad? Chris NSamba's mother, Sarah Lugwama, watches as the African Skyhawk is constructed in her backyard. The former astronomy student said: 'We are trying to have Africa participate in the contribution of knowledge into mankind's destiny.' Chris Nsamba leans against the wing of the Skyhawk. He is confident the Skyhawk's test flight will take place next year, and he will have a fully fledged space shuttle in operation in 'four to six years'. They may also ask how it can be achieved, seeing as Uganda has no history of space exploration and he is teaching the aspiring astronauts himself. But he said he was confident the Skyhawk's test flight would take place next year, and he would have a fully fledged space shuttle in operation in 'four to six years'. He added: 'This is not a one-man mission. We work jointly to achieve goals. 'I have trained my crew (in) advanced astronomy. They are very good at astronomy in regards to calculations and identifications of various space objects.' And when asked how he plans to simulate zero gravity for training, he said it would be 'easy'. He added: 'I've got a jet engine on order so I'm planning to build a tunnel, put the engine at one end and when I throw a guy in he'll float in a similar way to how he would in space.' NSamba, who admits that 'one time or another every successful scientists has been called a madman' has been toiling away in his mother's backyard, in the Kampala suburb of Ntinda, for three years. But despite the challenges he faces, he said was confident his space shuttle, dubbed The Dynacraft, would be ready sooner rather than later. And he cited funding from foreigners, and the promise of cash from the Ugandan government, as markers to their ongoing success. He said: 'It will first operate in Earth's lower orbit then advance with time. We might not have money in our system but we do get our homework done.'

Write highlights for this article.