Cancer patients who receive several weeks of radiation treatment could soon be a thing of the past, with doctors developing an Australian-first single session therapy in a handful of minutes. The Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre in Melbourne has trialled a powerful new technique that could enable patients to safely receive their radiation treatment in a single, ten-minute session. Radiation Oncologist Dr Shankar Siva said since 2010, patients at the centre have been treated with high-dose Stereotactic Ablative Body Radiation Therapy (SABR) over a six to eight week period. But a team of experts have used a combination of the complex modelling calculations to allow doctors to deliver higher dosages and reduce treatment time even further. Scroll down for video. Cancer patients who receive several weeks of radiation treatment could soon be a thing of the past. By removing the laser's filter, the new flattening filter-free SABR treatment will enable doctors to control the peak power of the radiation beam. 'Our medical physicists have now introduced an innovative method to predict the stereotactic beam to deliver to a tumour a 'knock-out punch' of up to 28 Gray of radiation in a single session over only a handful of minutes,' Dr Siva said. 'This shift is particularly important for our older patients who cannot lie still for prolonged periods and for others who are in discomfort due to their disease.' Cancer patient Harold Sciberras ,80, was the first in Victoria to undergo the treatment on Friday. Dr Shankar Siva (right) with Clinical Research Physicist Associate Professor Annette Haworth in Victoria. The Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre in Melbourne has trialled a powerful new technique that could enable patients to safely receive their radiation treatment in a single, ten-minute session. SABR is used to treat small secondary tumours that have spread short distances from the primary tumour, or inoperable primary cancers in highly sensitive locations such as the lung, and is typically delivered over three to five treatment sessions of 40–60 minutes each. Cancer patient Harold Sciberras was the first  in Victoria to undergo the treatment on Friday with a small primary lung cancer in his right lung irradiated. The 80-year-old was wrapped in a vacuum-sealed plastic slip while a 4D CT scanner tracked the tumour's position, enabling treatment to be delivered with greater accuracy and fewer side-effects. 'The location of the tumour makes it very difficult to operate or target with conventional radiation without affecting my healthy lung tissue, so this new technique has certainly come at the right time for me, and many others in my situation,' Sciberras said. Dr Siva said SABR has been a game changer for people with difficult to treat tumours. Patient Harold Sciberras said the new technique has certainly come at the right time for him and many others. 'The best news is I will be back at home in Diggers Rest tonight, and I will only need to return to Peter Mac for follow-up appointments.' Dr Siva added that SABR has been a game changer for people with difficult to treat tumours. 'The sharp delineation of the stereotactic beam greatly reduces damage to healthy tissue and allows for a higher dose through faster, more targeted delivery of radiation therapy and now, thanks to the work of our team, we can deliver this in one controlled blow for some of our patients,' Dr Siva said.
Summarize the highlights of this article.