Some random thoughts: This is the relevant information: In the five centuries following the Bar Kokhba revolt in the 2nd century, the city remained under Roman then Byzantine rule.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Jerusalem reached a peak in size and population at the end of the Second Temple Period: The city covered two square kilometers (0.8 sq mi.) and had a population of 200,000. In the five centuries following the Bar Kokhba revolt in the 2nd century, the city remained under Roman then Byzantine rule. During the 4th century, the Roman Emperor Constantine I constructed Christian sites in Jerusalem such as the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.

Answer this question based on the passage: who controlled the holy land of jerusalem up until the 7th century?
A: Roman then Byzantine rule

Some random thoughts: This is the relevant information: It is an updated version of René Descartes' Evil Demon thought experiment originated by Gilbert Harman.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: In philosophy, the brain in a vat (alternately known as brain in a jar) is a scenario used in a variety of thought experiments intended to draw out certain features of human conceptions of knowledge, reality, truth, mind, consciousness and meaning. It is an updated version of René Descartes' Evil Demon thought experiment originated by Gilbert Harman. Common to many science fiction stories, it outlines a scenario in which a mad scientist, machine, or other entity might remove a person's brain from the body, suspend it in a vat of life-sustaining liquid, and connect its neurons by wires to a supercomputer which would provide it with electrical impulses identical to those the brain normally receives. According to such stories, the computer would then be simulating reality (including appropriate responses to the brain's own output) and the "disembodied" brain would continue to have perfectly normal conscious experiences, such as those of a person with an embodied brain, without these being related to objects or events in the real world.

Answer this question based on the passage: who came up with the brain in a vat theory?
A: Gilbert Harman

Some random thoughts: The important part for answering this question is: Stanley Matthews of Blackpool was the inaugural winner of the Ballon d'Or.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Stanley Matthews of Blackpool was the inaugural winner of the Ballon d'Or. Prior to 1995, the award was often known in English language media as the European Footballer of the Year award. Milan's George Weah, the only African recipient, became the first non-European to win the award in the year that rules of eligibility were changed. Ronaldo of Internazionale became the first South American winner two years later. Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won the award a record five times each. Three players have won the award three times each: Johan Cruyff of Ajax and Barcelona, Michel Platini of Juventus and Marco van Basten of Milan. With seven awards each, Dutch and German players won the most Ballons d'Or. Spanish club Barcelona has the most winners, with 11 wins.

Answer this question based on the passage: who was the first person to win the ballon d'or?
A: Stanley Matthews of Blackpool

Some random thoughts: The important part for answering this question is: The battle was a victory for the Allied Powers but led to four years of trench warfare stalemate on the Western Front.
Generated quizz based on thoughts