Q:Information:  - The U.S. Figure Skating Championships is a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national champions of the United States. The competition is sanctioned by U.S. Figure Skating. In the U.S. skating community, the event is often referred to informally as "Nationals". Medals are awarded in four disciplines: men's (boy's) singles, ladies' (girl's) singles, pair skating, and ice dancing in four colors: gold (first), silver (second), bronze (third), and pewter (fourth) on five levels, senior, junior, novice, intermediate, and juvenile. The event is also used to determine the U.S. teams for the World Championships, World Junior Championships, Four Continents Championships, and Winter Olympics, however, U.S. Figure Skating reserves the right to consider other results.  - Ice dancing is a discipline of figure skating that draws from ballroom dancing. It joined the World Figure Skating Championships in 1952, and became a Winter Olympic Games medal sport in 1976.  - U.S. Figure Skating is the national governing body for the sport of figure skating on ice in the United States. It is recognized as such by the United States Olympic Committee "USOC" under the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act and is the United States member of the International Skating Union ("ISU"). Although the name of the organization is the United States Figure Skating Association it is known as and conducts business under the name U.S. Figure Skating. Founded in 1921, U.S. Figure Skating regulates and governs the sport and defines and maintains the standard of skating proficiency. It specifies the rules for testing, competitions and all other figure skating related activities. U.S. Figure Skating promotes interest and participation in the sport by assisting member clubs, skaters, and athletes, appointing officials, organizing competitions, exhibitions, and other figure skating pursuits, and offering a wide variety of programs.  - Russel S. "Russ" Witherby (born February 3, 1962 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American coach and former competitive figure skater. He competed in ice dance with several partners. He and April Sargent Thomas competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics. His other partners included Lois Luciani and Susie Wynne.  - Pair skating is a figure skating discipline. International Skating Union (ISU) regulations describe pair teams as consisting of "one lady and one man." The sport is distinguished from ice dancing and single skating by elements unique to pair skating, including overhead lifts, twist lifts, death spirals, and throw jumps. Pair teams also perform the elements of single skating in unison. The discipline requires similar technique and timing on all elements of the performance in order to create an impression of "two skating as one". Serious skating accidents are most common in pairs.  - April L. Sargent ( born April 1 , 1968 in Ogdensburg , New York ) is an American former ice dancer . Skating with Russ Witherby , she won the gold medal at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships in 1992 and competed in the Winter Olympics that year . She currently coaches at the Philadelphia Skating Club & Humane Society . Sargent is an ISU Technical Specialist .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'april sargent' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - figure skater  - ice dancing  - member
A: