Aug 25, 2015 2:44 PM Aug 25, 2015 2:44 PM 
  
 For eight seasons, Jerry Seinfeld’s television persona dealt with the fictional “Newman,” his neighbor and arch-nemesis. Mr. Seinfeld, a part-time East Hampton resident, dealt with a real-life meddling neighbor last Tuesday afternoon, August 18, when his family’s lemonade stand on Egypt Lane in the village was shut down following complaints. 
  
  
  
 Mr. Seinfeld’s wife, Jessica, posted a photo on Instagram of Mr. Seinfeld, their son, Julian, and two friends with their hands on top of their heads in surrender. An East Hampton Village Police car could clearly be seen in the back right corner of the photo. 
  
  
  
 “Lemonade dreams crushed by local neighbor, but not before raising lots of money for @loverecycled,” wrote Ms. Seinfeld in the caption. “Thanks to all of our customers and big tippers! Thanks, Xander and Jaden, for crushing it today with Julian and Jerry.” 
  
  
  
 East Hampton Village Police Chief Jerry Larsen said police received a complaint about illegally parked vehicles at the location of the lemonade stand. At the scene, an officer advised the Seinfeld family that village code does not permit lemonade stands on village property. The village prohibits all forms of peddling on its property. 
  
  
  
 While the money was ultimately raised for Ms. Seinfeld’s charity, Baby Buggy, many of Ms. Seinfeld’s Instagram followers expressed their disdain over the neighbor’s complaint and strict policies about lemonade stands in the area. 
  
  
  
 “People always talk about how kids today need to get back to the basics, and when they do, they change their mind,” PamB2001 commented in an Instagram post. 
  
  
  
 Tom Keaney, Mr. Seinfeld’s publicist, said he could not add anything beyond what was posted on Instagram. 
  
  
  
 Ms. Seinfeld founded Baby Buggy in 2001. The organization focuses on providing families under financial strain with clothing, gear and services, and has donated 16 million items since its formation. Its motto is “Love Recycled,” hence its Instagram handle. ||||| Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
  
 It’s “No lemonade for you!” in East Hampton, where a sourpuss neighbor put the squeeze on the drink stand Jerry Seinfeld and his family had set up for charity, resulting in this goofy “arrest.” 
  
 The roadside business was selling cold drinks on hot days to benefit the group Baby Buggy, before it was shut down for violating a village prohibition on peddling. 
  
 “Lemonade dreams crushed by local neighbor but not before raising lots of money for @loverecycled. Thanks to all of our customers and big tippers!” Seinfeld’s wife, Jessica, wrote on Instagram. 
  
 An accompanying photo shows Jerry, son Julian and two young pals standing with their hands behind their heads. 
  
 Police Chief Jerry Larsen told the East Hampton Press that cops got a complaint about cars parked illegally at the spot, and that the Seinfelds were told their philanthropic efforts weren’t permitted under village law. 
  
 Jerry couldn’t be reached for comment Wednesday. 
  
 Jessica’s Baby Buggy charity, founded in 2001 after the birth of the couple’s first child, has given away more than 16 million pieces of children’s clothing, strollers and other gear to needy families. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?