Information:  - Gavin MacLeod (born Allan George See; February 28, 1931) is an American film, television and character actor, ship's ambassador, Christian activist and author, whose career spans six decades of television. He has also appeared as a guest on several talk, variety and religious shows.   - The Love Boat is an American television series set on a cruise ship which aired on the ABC Television Network from May 5 , 1977 , until February 12 , 1990 . The show revolves around the ship 's captain ( played by Gavin MacLeod ) and a handful of its crew , with several passengers -- played by different guest actors for each episode -- having romantic and humorous adventures . It was part of ABC 's popular Saturday night lineup that included Fantasy Island until that show ended in 1984 . The original 1976 made - for - TV movie on which the show was based ( also titled The Love Boat ) was itself based on the nonfiction book Love Boats by Jeraldine Saunders , a real - life cruise director . Two more TV movies ( titled The Love Boat II and The New Love Boat ) would follow before the series began its run . The executive producer for the series was Aaron Spelling , who produced several successful series for ABC from the 1960s into the 1980s . In 1997 , the episode with segment titles `` Hidden Treasure , '' `` Picture from the Past , '' and `` Ace 's Salary '' ( season 9 , episode 3 ) was ranked No. 82 on TV Guide 's 100 Greatest Episodes of All Time . The Love Boat ran for ten seasons , including specials .  - Eugene Levitt (May 28, 1920, New York City, New York  November 15, 1999, Los Angeles, California) was an American television writer, producer and director. Biography. Levitt's parents were Charles and Teresa Levitt. He had an older sister, Betty Ruth. His mother died when Gene was about 12 years old. Levitt later attended the University of Wyoming. Following graduation he moved to Chicago where he worked as a newspaper reporter until enlisting in the United States Marine Corps.  - Fantasy Island is an American television series that originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company network from 1977 to 1984. The series was created by Gene Levitt. A revival of the series originally aired on the same network during the 199899 season.  - The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the DisneyABC Television Group, a subsidiary of the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company. The network is headquartered on Columbus Avenue and West 66th Street in Manhattan, New York City. There are additional major offices and production facilities elsewhere in New York City, as well as in Los Angeles and Burbank, California.  - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'original network'.
A: