Problem:Passage: The three main playable characters in Grand Theft Auto V are Michael De Santa, a retired former bank robber who lives with his dysfunctional family on the proceeds of his former life; Franklin Clinton, a gang member who makes a living as a repo man for an unscrupulous Armenian car dealership; and Trevor Philips, Michael's former partner in crime, who lives alone in a trailer in the desert, where his reckless and psychotic behaviours are fuelled by drug addiction. The three acquaintances are drawn into Los Santos' criminal underworld "in the pursuit of the almighty American dollar". According to Houser, each of the protagonists is unlike any primary character that has appeared in a Grand Theft Auto title to date: Michael represents a protagonist who "won" in life, and is now trying to adjust to a normal one after his story has come to an end; Trevor is a supporting character recast as a central protagonist; and Franklin is someone who has had no real exposure to a life of crime until the events of the game, and his attempts to avoid such a life end up thrusting him into the middle of it.

Question: Based on this passage, who do you play as in gta 5?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: The three main playable characters in Grand Theft Auto V are Michael De Santa, a retired former bank robber who lives with his dysfunctional family on the proceeds of his former life; Franklin Clinton, a gang member who makes a living as a repo man for an unscrupulous Armenian car dealership; and Trevor Philips, Michael's former partner in crime, who lives alone in a trailer in the desert, where his reckless and psychotic behaviours are fuelled by drug addiction.
Michael De Santa , a retired former bank robber who lives with his dysfunctional family on the proceeds of his former life ; Franklin Clinton , a gang member who makes a living as a repo man for an unscrupulous Armenian car dealership ; and Trevor Philips , Michael 's former partner in crime , who lives alone in a trailer in the desert , where his reckless and psychotic behaviours are fuelled by drug addiction.

Problem:This treaty and the separate peace treaties between Great Britain and the nations that supported the American cause -- France, Spain, and the Dutch Republic -- are known collectively as the Peace of Paris. Only Article 1 of the treaty, which acknowledges the United States' existence as free sovereign and independent states, remains in force.

Answer this question: who did the treaty of paris grant independence to?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: Only Article 1 of the treaty, which acknowledges the United States' existence as free sovereign and independent states, remains in force.
the United States.

Problem:Context: Harrison wrote "My Sweet Lord" in praise of the Hindu god Krishna, while at the same time intending the lyrics to serve as a call to abandon religious sectarianism through his deliberate blending of the Hebrew word hallelujah with chants of "Hare Krishna" and Vedic prayer. The recording features producer Phil Spector's Wall of Sound treatment and heralded the arrival of Harrison's much-admired slide guitar technique, which one biographer described as being "musically as distinctive a signature as the mark of Zorro". Preston, Ringo Starr, Eric Clapton, and the group Badfinger are among the other musicians appearing on the recording.

Question: what does the song my sweet lord mean?
Solution: