Student A:Public Sector Banks (PSBs) are banks where a majority stake (i.e. more than 50 %) is held by a government. The shares of these banks are listed on stock exchanges. There are a total of 21 PSBs in India.

Based on this passage, total no of public sector banks in india?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: There are a total of 21 PSBs in India.
21.

Student A:The Declaration of Independence is the statement adopted by the Second Continental Congress meeting at the Pennsylvania State House (Independence Hall) in Philadelphia on July 4, 1776, which announced that the thirteen American colonies, then at war with the Kingdom of Great Britain, regarded themselves as thirteen independent sovereign states, no longer under British rule. These states would found a new nation -- the United States of America. John Adams was a leader in pushing for independence, which was passed on July 2 with no opposing vote cast. A committee of five had already drafted the formal declaration, to be ready when Congress voted on independence.

Based on this passage, when did we declare our independence from england?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The Declaration of Independence is the statement adopted by the Second Continental Congress meeting at the Pennsylvania State House (Independence Hall) in Philadelphia on July 4, 1776, which announced that the thirteen American colonies, then at war with the Kingdom of Great Britain, regarded themselves as thirteen independent sovereign states, no longer under British rule.
July 4 , 1776.

Student A:Context: Annie Get Your Gun is a musical with lyrics and music by Irving Berlin and a book by Dorothy Fields and her brother Herbert Fields. The story is a fictionalized version of the life of Annie Oakley (1860 -- 1926), a sharpshooter who starred in Buffalo Bill's Wild West, and her romance with sharpshooter Frank E. Butler (1847 -- 1926).

Question: who wrote the music for annie get your gun?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Annie Get Your Gun is a musical with lyrics and music by Irving Berlin and a book by Dorothy Fields and her brother Herbert Fields.
Irving Berlin.

Student A:Barry Corbin as Dale Rivers, a hearing-impaired veterinarian and close friend of Beau's Grady Lee Richmond as Hank, a regular Maggie's patron Bret Harrison as Kenneth "Kenny" Ballard, a Courtyard by Marriott manager and Abby's ex-fiancé Megyn Price as Mary Roth, a Cracker Barrel waitress and Rooster's older girlfriend Kelli Goss as Heather Roth, Mary's younger daughter and Colt's ex-girlfriend, was pregnant with their child. Molly McCook as Darlene Roth, Mary's older daughter Kathy Baker as Joanne, a Cracker Barrel waitress, Mary's friend, and potential new love interest for Beau Ethan Suplee as "Beer Pong Billy" Tompkins, a police officer and high school friend of Colt and Rooster's Aimee Teegarden as Nikki, Heather's friend and Billy's fiancée Chasty Ballesteros as Tanya Showers, a sexy weather reporter and Kenny's current girlfriend Laura Vallejo as Maria, a Maggie's waitress Sharon Lawrence as Brenda Sanders, a widowed hairdresser who befriended Beau when he and Maggie separated Maggie Lawson as Jen the engineer, who wants to build a pipeline underneath the Bennett Ranch and Rooster love interest. Wendie Malick as Lisa Neumann, owner of Neumann's Hill

Based on this passage, who plays joanne on the ranch season 2?
Student B: