Tragic: Mohammed Abdul Razzak, 16, was found on the M60 motorway with multiple injuries days after missing a mock GCSE exam. A gifted schoolboy overcome by stress over his forthcoming GCSE exams jumped to his death from a motorway bridge. Mohammed Abdul Razzak, 16, had told his GP of his desire to end his life at least six times, an inquest heard. Finally, he walked to a motorway bridge near his home, climbed over the barrier and plunged 30ft on to the road below. He was taken to hospital but died from his injuries. The inquest heard that Mohammed was a well-liked and studious boy who was expected to do very well in his exams. But after starting his GCSE year he became withdrawn and anxious, sometimes disappearing from his home at night. His mother, Lufta Begum, said her son became distant and spent a lot of time alone on his computer drinking energy drinks and coffee. In a statement she told the inquest: ‘He was a healthy child, a hard-working, studious young man with a clever demeanour. ‘He was a young man who kept himself to himself and had very good predictions in terms of his academic achievements. But he did not discuss anything with the family or those close to him.’ Last autumn, the pupil went missing from his home in Oldham but turned up at his aunt’s house at 11pm. On another occasion he was reported missing after leaving at 1am and not answering his phone. He returned two hours later. Eventually he skipped a mock exam, later handing a letter to his English teacher explaining that he felt an urge to self-harm. At this point child protection services and his school intervened, and Mohammed spent a weekend in hospital where he was assessed by psychiatrists. Dr Debra Bradley, who oversaw his admission, told the inquest he had missed the exam because he was tired and wanted to end his life out of frustration. Tributes: Oldham Academy North paid tribute to Mohammed, a 'talented' and 'hard-working young man' After the assessment he was discharged and assigned a social worker. A few weeks later he appeared happy after being allowed to visit family in Bangladesh during term time. But just days before his death on January 6, Mohammed spoke to his GP and confided he had planned to commit suicide six times in the past – adding he was only talking about it to test people’s reactions. On January 5, he slept late and was seen by his mother only when he left his room for a shower at 11pm. Over the next few hours Mohammed sent a text message to a friend stating his intention to kill himself, before going out into the night and leaping to his death. His mother was informed at around 4am. Tests on the bridge over the M60 near Oldham showed scuff marks on the barrier, indicating he had climbed over the railing. Recording a verdict of suicide, Rochdale assistant coroner Lisa Hashmi said: ‘Mohammed was a healthy, intelligent young man who clearly had a very promising future. Save his obvious intellect, he was a quiet and reserved individual, however in the autumn of 2013 his mother noticed a change in his demeanour. Mohammed’s family, school and other professionals subsequently became involved in supporting him.’ Colette Burgess, headteacher at his school, Oldham Academy North, said: ‘He was an intelligent, hard-working and talented student with a particular gift for computing. He was a popular and mature young man, highly regarded by his teachers and well respected by his peers.’

Write highlights for this article.