Article: The majority of blisters will heal naturally, without the need to be drained. This is because the unbroken skin covering the blister forms a protective shield which prevents infection. After a couple of days, the body will reabsorb the fluid inside the blister (known as serum) and the blister will disappear. This is the best option if the blister is not causing you any pain, as it minimizes the risk of infection.  If the blister is on your hand or somewhere it will not be exposed to further friction, you can leave it uncovered as the air will help it to heal. If it is on your foot, you may want to cover it with a gauze or moleskin pad, which will protect the blister but also allow it to breathe. If the blister bursts on its own, allow the fluid to drain, clean the area well, then cover in a dry, sterile bandage until it heals. This will heal to prevent infection. Although doctors recommend that you avoid bursting a blister if at all possible, in some scenarios it is necessary to drain a blister, especially if is causing a lot of pain or pressure. For instance, competitive runners may need to drain a large blister on the sole of their foot if they have a race coming up. If you need to drain a blister, it is very important that you follow the correct procedure in order to avoid infection. The first thing you need to do is clean the skin on and around the blister using warm water and soap. Any soap will do, but antibacterial soap is best. This will help to remove any sweat or dirt from the area before you proceed with the draining. Take a clean, sharp needle and sterilize it using one of the following methods: wipe it down with some rubbing alcohol; scald it with boiling water; hold it over an open flame until it glows orange. Use the sterilized needle to puncture the blister in several spots around the edges. Use a clean piece of gauze or tissue to gently compress the blister, allowing the fluid to drain. Do not remove the loose skin covering the blister, as this will help to protect it. Once all of the fluid has drained, dab a little antibacterial ointment or cream on the blister. Any over-the-counter antibacterial product will do, like Neosporin, Polymyxin B or Bacitracin. The ointment will help to kill any bacteria around the blister and fight off infection, while also preventing the bandage from sticking to the loose skin. After you have applied the ointment, cover the drained blister with some gauze padding or a gel-based plaster. These will prevent any dirt or bacteria from entering the open blister, and also provide some comfort when walking or running if the blister is on the foot. You should apply a new plaster every day, especially if the existing plaster becomes wet or dirty. After two or three days, remove the bandage and use sterilized scissors to cut away any loose, dead skin. Don't attempt to peel away any skin that is still attached, however. Clean the area again, apply more ointment and cover with a clean bandage. The blister should be completely healed within three to seven days. In some cases, an infection will develop despite your best efforts to avoid one. If this is the case, you should see your doctor immediately. S/he may prescribe a strong topical antibiotic or an oral antibiotic to clear the infection. Signs of infection include skin redness and swelling around the blister, a build-up of pus, red streaks on the skin and fever.
What is a summary of what this article is about?