Context: Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye! (Russian: Славься, Отечество наше свободное!; Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye!, lit. "Be glorious, our free Fatherland!"), officially known as the "State Anthem of the Soviet Union" (Russian: Государственный гимн СССР, tr. Gosudarstvenny Gimn SSSR) was introduced during World War II on 15 March 1944, replacing The Internationale as the official anthem of the Soviet Union and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. The lyrics were written by Sergey Mikhalkov (1913 -- 2009) in collaboration with Gabriel El-Registan (1899 -- 1945) and the music was composed by Alexander Alexandrov (1883 -- 1946). Although the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991, its national anthem's melody continues to be used in the Russian Federation's national anthem, which has different lyrics to the version used in the Soviet Union.

Question: national anthem of the soviet union red army choir? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer the question, consider the following: Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye! (Russian: Славься, Отечество наше свободное!; Slav'sya, Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye!, lit. "Be glorious, our free Fatherland!"), officially known as the "State Anthem of the Soviet Union" (Russian: Государственный гимн СССР, tr. Gosudarstvenny Gimn SSSR) was introduced during World War II on 15 March 1944, replacing The Internationale as the official anthem of the Soviet Union and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.... The answer is Slav'sya , Otechestvo nashe svobodnoye !.


Welcome to Night Vale is a podcast presented as a radio show for the fictional town of Night Vale, reporting on the strange events that occur within it. The series was created in 2012 by Joseph Fink and Jeffrey Cranor. Published by Night Vale Presents since March 15, 2015, the podcast was previously published by Commonplace Books. Cecil Gershwin Palmer -- the host, main character, and narrator -- is voiced by Cecil Baldwin, while secondary characters are sometimes voiced by guest stars -- such as Dylan Marron, who voices Carlos. The podcast typically airs on the first and fifteenth of every month, and consists of "news, announcements and advertisements" from the desert town, located "somewhere in the Southwestern United States." In an interview with NPR, Joseph Fink said that he "came up with this idea of a town in that desert where all conspiracy theories were real, and we would just go from there with that understood."

Who plays carlos in welcome to night vale? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer the question, consider the following: Cecil Gershwin Palmer -- the host, main character, and narrator -- is voiced by Cecil Baldwin, while secondary characters are sometimes voiced by guest stars -- such as Dylan Marron, who voices Carlos.... The answer is Dylan Marron.


On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969) is the sixth spy film in the James Bond series, based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Ian Fleming. Following Sean Connery's decision to retire from the role after You Only Live Twice, Eon Productions selected an unknown actor and model, George Lazenby, to play the part of James Bond. During the making of the film, Lazenby announced that he would play the role of Bond only once.

Answer this question based on the passage: who played bond in her majesty's secret service? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
