Waiting game: David Writebol waited three weeks in quarantine before finally getting the okay to see his beloved wife Nancy, who was infected with Ebola virus while they worked in Liberia. The husband of an American missionary aid worker who contracted Ebola has emerged from 21 days of quarantine. With his three weeks of observation over, there is no longer a threat that David Writebol and he's now been reunited with his beloved wife as she recovers at Emory University. 'I have had the great joy to be able to look through the isolation room glass and see my beautiful wife again,' Mr. Writebol said in release. 'We both placed our hands on opposite sides of the glass, moved with tears to look at each other again.' Nancy is one of two American relief. workers with Ebola being treated at Emory University Hospital. The other. is Dr. Kent Brantly. Both were airlifted from Liberia in the days following the terrifying diagnosis. Writebol says his wife is continuing to gain strength. He had been quarantined at the SIM USA charity's campus south of Charlotte since he returned last week from Liberia. The. couple had been in Liberia for a year, working in a clinic. Nancy. Writebol's duties included disinfecting staff entering or leaving the. Ebola treatment area. Mrs. Writebol's recovery has likely been made possible by an experimental. Ebola treatment that was flown to Liberia at the onset of the. grandmother's disease. Brantly initially passed himself over in order for Writebol to get some of the precious experimental serum. Now Mr. Writebol reveals that was just part of a flood of compassion he and his wife have received since her diagnosis. 'In. the ensuing days, we learned much more about the disease than we. already knew.  We also learned a great deal about the love and. compassion of people toward Nancy through the overwhelming outpouring of. prayers and well-wishes on our behalf.  For this we are truly. grateful,' he said. Emotional reunion: 'I have had the great joy to be able to look through the isolation room glass and see my beautiful wife again,' Mr. Writebol said in release. 'We both placed our hands on opposite sides of the glass, moved with tears to look at each other again' Nancy Writebol and her husband David were missionary aid workers in Liberia when she became infected with Ebola. She's since been given an experimental treatment and been flown to Atlanta where she is now recovering. Writebol said his wife's journey back to health continues, slowly but surely. 'She was standing with her radiant smile,' he said of their reunion. 'She is continuing to slowly gain strength, eager for the day when the barriers separating us are set aside, and we can simply hold each other.' In what would be a shocking next step to some, the Writebol's son revealed last week his parents may return to Africa after his mother gets better. In an interview on NBC's Today show on Tuesday, Jeremy Writebol said his parents still feel called to serve and could return to their Christian mission work in West Africa. 'This is what they've been called to do and this is what they feel in their heart,' he said. 'It won't be an easy decision for them but I won't be surprised.' Dedicated: Jeremy Writebol, son of Nancy and David, shocked many when he revealed last week that his mom and dad may very well return to West Africa to continue their missionary work once Nancy Writebol recovers.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: