Detailed Instructions: Given a post that is a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation and an associated claim about its type, verify if the claim is true or not. The claim asks if the posts are historical or hypothetical. The posts are "HISTORICAL" when the author has already done something and they are "HYPOTHETICAL" when the author is considering doing something in the future. Say 'yes' if the claim is true otherwise say 'no'
Q: CLAIM : The following post is HISTORICAL. POST : Yesterday morning, my boyfriend and I were waking up when I saw a scary black spider scurrying across the floor. I'm pretty scared of spiders, and I think he's about the same level of terrified of them.

Also somewhat relevant, he is between housing situations and staying with me in my studio for a month until he moves into his new place. He is messier than me, and has probably created many homes for spiders with the piles of things he has left around. He has improved though and he's awesome and responsive to criticism. Just a lot of two steps forward one step back progress.

I said something like, "Holy shit, look at that spider!" He leapt back in alarm and then looked at it carefully from a safe distance. He asked me to quickly grab a cup before it got away, so I ran to the kitchen.

I use glass jam jars as cups, and that was the first thing I saw so I grabbed one and brought it to him. Once the spider was under the jar he asked for a lid. I had saved all the lids, so I tried a lid on another old jam jar before I brought it back. When I had the second jam jar in my hand is when I started plotting.

He captured and jarred the spider, sealing the lid tightly. He set the spider jar on the bookshelf and started to get his shoes on. While he was doing that I grabbed the other matching jar, lidded it, and while he was bent over putting his shoes on in front of the shelf I reached over him and swapped the two jars. I put a blanket over myself to go outside (it was cold too) so that he wouldn't see the spider jar in my pocket.

I started inspecting the empty jar carefully. I told him to have a look, and that it looked like the spider was gone. We both carefully looked at the jar for a bit, trying to spot the spider. He became more and more freaked out, shaking the jar, looking around the bookshelf. I say something like "we'll never find it with all these clothes and snacks around the apartment". Finally he ran out of my apartment, saying he was going to open it outside to check that it was really gone. 

I went with him, spider jar in my pocket. He opened the empty jar carefully, then moved back from it to inspect from a distance. When it was clear there was no spider he started freaking out, saying there's no way it could have gotten out but it did so it must be in the apartment and it must be angry and out for spider revenge. He started crying, and saying he was going to go to his friends house for the night and maybe move his stuff there later, and that he can't go back in my apartment.

I didn't expect things to go so far. I pull out the spider jar and show him that the spider is still in captivity, it was just a dumb prank, and apologize. He freezes, then quietly takes the jar from me and goes and lets the spider out in the grass.

He hasn't talked to me since. I really thought it was a harmless prank. I do feel bad and apologized to him.

My question is, AITA to the point where not talking to me for over a day is warranted?
A: