By. Meghan Keneally. New spin: The parody video plays off of Sorkin's HBO show The Newsroom. Aaron Sorkin fans had reason to rejoice Tuesday morning as comedian Amy Schumer released a parody video of his show, The Newsroom. The parody version took the writer's iconic walk-and-talks, moral dilemmas and sexual politics to a different venue: a fast food restaurant. 'The Foodroom' gives a four-minute foray into the fictitious world of McDalmonds, where a cranky male manager is in a moral lock-of-horns with his corporate overlords. Sound familiar? Similar plot lines. have been used in many of Sorkin's shows, whether it be the latest. iteration in The Newsroom or earlier series like Sports Night or Studio. 60 On The Sunset Strip. (If 'corporate' was subbed out for. 'Republicans', there would be examples in The West Wing as well.) Showing. that the spoof was done in good fun, the male protagonist was played by. Sports Night alum Josh Charles, while his pesky female sidekick and. former flame is taken on by Schumer. Walk-and-talk: The parody film was made by comedian Amy Schumer (seen in the background) and Josh Charles, who previously starred in Sorkin's earlier TV series Sports Night. In. the clip, Charles' charactor JJ McAhoy (which is a clear homage to Jeff. Daniel's character in The Newsroom, Will McAvoy) is resistant to a. healthy change that his overlords want to make in adding apple slices to. their kids meals. 'Silly me, I thought we stood for something around here,' McAhoy says in disgust. Schumer,. whose sketch comedy show will feature the clip on her Comedy Central. show tonight, goes on to buck him up and encourage him to take first the. pragmatic route before returning to his moral high ground. Moral highground: Though the spoof centers around a fast food chain's resistance to healthy food, it takes its cues from themes seen in much of Sorkin's work. Big finish: The romantic sub plot also mimics the gender relations on Sorkin's shows. In a romantic interlude, she takes a jab. at the way in which Sorkin's female characters are portrayed as at times. hapless and entirely beholden to their love interests. Poking fun: Aaron Sorkin has taken part in previous parodies, including one on 30 Rock. 'I worked my way up to be a GM of a Sbarro in Tel Aviv, and then one day, I was stuffing cous cous into a calzone and then one day I realized a woman's life is worth nothing except if she's making a great man greater,' she says as they share a private moment by a deep fryer. This is far from the first time that Sorkin's distinctive style has been spoofed by famous fans, as former West Wing stars have created their own videos in the guise of their old characters to help get out the vote for one of their siblings who was running for office. The Oscar-winning writer himself has poked fun at his walk-and-talk formula in an appearance in 30 Rock. Sorkin is currently believed to be putting the final touches on the script for The Newsroom's third season which will air in September, but he has appearances scheduled at the Tribeca Film Festival next week and the Nantucket Film Festival in June, where he is being honored with their Screenwriter's Tribute. Until the HBO show returns, or his fast-paced writing style gets back on the big screen with his Steve Jobs biopic, fans can get quick refresher through the spoof. Inside Amy SchumerGet More: Comedy Central,Funny Videos,Funny TV Shows.

What are highlight points for this article?