The mother of Eric Garner, the Staten island resident who was killed by an officer who put the man in a chokehold after he grew agitated over being stopped for allegedly selling cigarettes on the street, has praised the protesters gathering across the city in her son's honor after a grand jury decided not to indict the officer responsible for his death. 'It is just so awesome to see how the crowds are out there,' said  Garner's mother, Gwen Carr, who added that she herself even ended up stuck in her car after protests shut down traffic. 'I was just so proud of that crowd. It just warmed my heart.' Scroll down for videos. Hope from tragedy: The mother of Eric Garner, Gwen Carr (left), and his widow, Esaw Garner (right), have both revealed how 'proud' they are of those protesting the death of Garner. Celeb support: At a march in Los Angeles on Sunday, Tyrese Gibson (above) came out to lead the protesters. Garner's widow, Esaw Garner, echoed that sentiment, saying she told her son when she saw protesters from their window, 'Look at all the love that your father's getting.' And these protests show no signs of dying down, this as model and actor Tyrese Gibson led a march in Los Angeles on Saturday in memory of both Garner and Michael Brown. Demonstrators around the country have staged die-ins and other protests since the Garner grand jury's decision Wednesday, which closely followed the Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict a white officer in the fatal shooting of Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old. Garner's family members joined the Rev. Al Sharpton later Saturday as Sharpton laid a wreath at the site on Staten Island where Garner died July 17 in a confrontation that started when police tried to arrest him for selling loose, untaxed cigarettes. An amateur video seen by millions showed Garner gasping, 'I can't breathe' during the fatal encounter. Difficult decision: These protests began on Wednesday across the country after a grand jury decided not to indict the police officer whose chokehold killed Garner. Keeps going: It has been four days since the grand jury decision, and the protests show no signs of slowing down. 'All we're concerned about is justice from the police,' said Garner's stepfather, Benjamin Carr, who wore a T-shirt with the words, 'Enough is enough.' Protests continued in New York City for a fourth day with several dozen people lying down on the floor of Grand Central Terminal. There were no reports of arrests. On Friday night, 20 protesters were arrested on disorderly conduct charges in New York, police said. Hundreds of demonstrators marched and many briefly laid down in Macy's flagship store, Grand Central and an Apple store. They streamed along Fifth Avenue sidewalks and other parts of Manhattan, with signs and chants of 'Black lives matter' and 'I can't breathe.' Big name support: Al Sharpton and Spike Lee were at a news conference days after a Grand Jury decided not to indict the officer involved in Garner's death. In Oakland, California, hundreds of protesters briefly blocked Interstate 880, a major freeway, on Friday night. There were no immediate reports of any arrests or injuries. Protests have also been held in Philadelphia, Chicago, Miami and a number of other cities. Sharpton announced plans this week for a march in Washington, D.C., next Saturday to protest the killings of Garner, Brown and others and to press for change at the federal level.

Write highlights for this article.