A construction worker's plans to take his wife out for her 35th birthday were foiled last month, when an NYPD officer allegedly stopped the man in the street to perform a search and stole the $1,300 he took out of his bank account for the special occasion. Cellphone camera footage captures the moment the unidentified officer pushes Lamard Joye against a basketball court fence in the Coney Island Surfisde housing project in the early hours of September 16. Moments before the video was taken, Joye's friend Terrell Haskins was stopped by police and reportedly roughed up, which led Joye to shout 'is that necessary?' Scroll down for video. Cop robber: An unidentified NYPD officer is being accused of stealing $1,300 from a man who he stopped and frisked in Coney Island last month. Grabs from the explosive video seen above. An officer responded by coming over to search Joye as well, who was out walking with his sister Lateefah Joye, a professional basketball player in Europe. That's when a friend starting taking the video which shows the officer push Lamard against the fence. Larmard then references Eric Garner, the man who recently died after being put in a choke-hold by NYPD officers. 'Are you going to do to me what you did to the guy in Staten Island?' Lamard asks. The officer is seen reaching into the man's pocket and then pushing him away. 'Gimme my money!' Joye shouts, as the cop sprays him in the face with pepper spray. Lateefah then interjects saying: 'How ya gonna take his money?' and 'That's robbery'. Sting: After her brother felt a wad of cash leaving his pocket, Lateefah Joye interjects and asks for the officer's badge number. Instead she gets a shot of pepper spray to the face. When she asks for his badge number, Lateefah too gets a painful shot of  pepper spray. 'I'm outraged,' the former West Virginia University player told the New York Daily News. 'It's very outrageous. I've witnessed a lot of things cops have done. But what can you do? I'm not a violent person. I'm an athlete.'New York Daily News. Athlete: Lateefah plays professional basketball in Europe. Pictured above during her days playing for West Virginia University. Lamard called attorney Robert Marinelli the next day, and they decided to turn the footage over to prosecutors and the NYPD Internal Affairs Bureau. 'I believe that this officer made an assumption that any money Mr Joye possessed was obtained illegally and therefore he would not report the theft. This assumption was wrong. Mr Joye is a hardworking taxpayer deserving respect,' said Marinelli. Marinelli provided prosecutors with evidence Joye cashed his paycheck a week earlier. Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth Thompson confirmed his department is investigating the incident in a statement. A police spokesman said the officers were responding to reports of a man with a fun in the area. However, the president for the Patrolmen's Beenvolent Association says there's not enough information. Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Patrick Lynch said there's not enough information yet to decide what happened last month. 'A 35-second-long video does not provide enough information about a police encounter to come to any conclusion about what transpired, he said. 'The rush to judgment will leave this city with an impotent police department where police officers will be afraid to act and neighborhoods will be left to the mercy of the criminals.'
What are the important parts of this article?