Zero-hours contracts: where the truth lies in their use
Officially there are 1.4m zero-hours contracts in the UK. To George Osborne they are evidence of a flexible workforce that is helping to drive GDP growth. Photograph: Luke Macgregor/Reuters

The Tory right will no doubt cheer the vast numbers of workers considered to be "flexible" after official figures showed the UK has 1.4 million people on zero-hours contracts.

A flexible workforce is one of the reasons the UK is now pulling away from France and the rest of the eurozone in terms of GDP growth.

In No 11 there will be nods of agreement as George Osborne's advisers swipe their free market credentials at the door before starting work.

Labour will seize on the figure to press home arguments that Britain is developing a low-wage underclass, consigned to be at the beck and call of their employer in a miserable repeat of our Victorian past.

The truth seems to be somewhere between the two. Not just a slave-shop ethic, but one that also fits with the increasingly complicated nature of many people's lives.

Without questioning why so many workers reach for flexible working (a 42% divorce rate is one depressingly familiar reason) there is no doubt demand exists and many people do want those arrangements.

The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development found that hundreds of zero-hours workers appreciated the flexibility and the way work rotas could be fitted around their family commitments.

Students and older workers make up a large slice of this group. Now students must supplement their incomes for more than beer money – many view some form of paid work as essential to survival. To fit around lectures they need flexibility. They work for the retailers and pub chains that are in some cases almost exclusively run on zero-hours contracts (Sports Direct and JD Wetherspoons to name just two).

Older workers seeking to supplement meagre pensions also say they want to fit around caring responsibilities.

But this is less than half the story. For most people zero-hours contracts are the sharp end of a knife held by companies for which it makes economic sense to keep employees dangling each month, at their beck and call for zero cost.

Complain and their workers just might find themselves with reduced hours the next month. While they are entitled to holiday pay, many employers say "it's in the hourly wage". When most are also paying the minimum wage, it is a legitimate cause for concern.

Sick pay is denied and pensions are off limits. Mortgages are difficult to obtain without lying, which in the current climate, with banks asking ever more intrusive questions, is going to be difficult. These are not small businesses, precariously poised on the edge of bankruptcy. Most zero-hours employers have at least 250 staff.

There is, for those who appreciate not only free markets but also austerity, a further boon. Zero-hours contracts are big in the public sector. Universities are big users, as are further education colleges. Local councils pay for long-term care and virtually all private providers use such contracts, which puts around 160,000 people on them.

The health service is increasingly pooling professional staff and putting them on rotas without any guarantee of work from one month to the next.

It is a growing trend that is justified by the positive reaction of students and the older people, but harms everyone else.
What is a short summary of the above article?