Problem:The U.S. federal court system hears cases involving litigants from two or more states, violations of federal laws, treaties, and the Constitution, admiralty, bankruptcy, and related issues. In practice, about 80 % of the cases are civil and 20 % criminal. The civil cases often involve civil rights, patents, and Social Security while the criminal cases involve tax fraud, robbery, counterfeiting, and drug crimes. The trial courts are U.S. district courts, followed by United States courts of appeals and then the Supreme Court of the United States. The judicial system, whether state or federal, begins with a court of first instance, whose work may be reviewed by an appellate court, and then ends at the court of last resort, which may review the work of the lower courts.

What are the two federal courts under the supreme court?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: The trial courts are U.S. district courts, followed by United States courts of appeals and then the Supreme Court of the United States.
The trial courts are U.S. district courts , followed by United States courts of appeals.

Problem:The lunar south pole is located on the center base of the far side of the moon (80 ° S to 90 ° S) and covers a distance of about 1250 km. The lunar south pole has shifted 5 degrees from where it previously was billions of years ago. This shift has changed the rotational axis of the moon allowing sunlight to reach areas of the moon previously shadowed. The axis spin is 88.5 degrees from the plane of the elliptic. The south pole contains areas of permanent darkness, where the sunlight never reaches. On the contrary, the pole also contains areas with permanent exposure to sunlight. The south pole contains many craters and basins such as the South Pole-Aitken basin; which appears to be one of the most fundamental features of the moon. The south pole contains mountains such as Epsilon Peak which is taller than any mountain found on earth. The south pole is thermally benign, ranging at an average of 250 -- 270 kelvins.

Answer this question: what are the coordinates for the south pole of the moon?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The lunar south pole is located on the center base of the far side of the moon (80 ° S to 90 ° S) and covers a distance of about 1250 km.
80 ° S to 90 ° S.

Problem:Passage: Tom (named "Jasper" in his debut appearance) is a grey and white domestic shorthair cat. "Tom" is a generic name for a male cat. He is usually but not always, portrayed as living a comfortable, or even pampered life, while Jerry (named "Jinx" in his debut appearance) is a small, brown, house mouse who always lives in close proximity to Tom. Despite being very energetic, determined and much larger, Tom is no match for Jerry's wits. Jerry also possesses surprising strength for his size, approximately the equivalent of Tom's, lifting items such as anvils with relative ease and withstanding considerable impacts. Although cats typically chase mice to consume them, it is quite rare for Tom to actually try to consume Jerry. Most of his attempts are just to torment or humiliate Jerry, sometimes in revenge, and sometimes to obtain a reward from a human for catching Jerry. By the final "fade-out" of each cartoon, Jerry usually emerges triumphant, while Tom is shown as the loser.

Question: Based on this passage, what is the name of the cat in tom and jerry?
Solution: