Q: Tom Bergeron and Erin Andrews returned as hosts, while Carrie Ann Inaba, Len Goodman, and Bruno Tonioli returned as judges. Julianne Hough did not return as a judge this season.

Who are the judges for season 25 of dancing with the stars?
A: Carrie Ann Inaba. How to explain the answer? The relevant information to answer the above question is: Tom Bergeron and Erin Andrews returned as hosts, while Carrie Ann Inaba, Len Goodman, and Bruno Tonioli returned as judges.

Q: The pairs figure skating competition of the 2018 Winter Olympics was held at the Gangneung Ice Arena in Gangneung, South Korea. The short program was held on 14 February and the free skating on 15 February 2018. Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot became Olympic champions after finishing fourth in the short program and setting a record with their score in the free program. Sui Wenjing and Han Cong, leading after the short program, made a couple of mistakes in the free program and won silver. Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford were third. This was the second Olympics since 1964 that a Soviet or Russian pair did not win a medal.

Answer this question: who won pairs figure skating in olympics 2018?
A: Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot became Olympic champions after finishing fourth in the short program and setting a record with their score in the free program.

Q: Context: It is notable that, according to Guinness World Records, "White Christmas" (1942) by Bing Crosby is the best-selling single worldwide, with estimated sales of over 50 million copies. The song recognized as "the best-selling single of all time" was released before the pop / rock singles-chart era and "was listed as the world's best-selling single in the first-ever Guinness Book of Records (published in 1955) and -- remarkably -- still retains the title more than 50 years later". Also, Guinness World Records states that double A-side charity single "Candle in the Wind 1997" / "Something About the Way You Look Tonight" (1997) by Elton John, a tribute to the late Diana, Princess of Wales, is "the biggest-selling single since UK and US singles charts began in the 1950s, having accumulated worldwide sales of 33 million copies", making it the second-best-selling single of all time.

Question: number one song of all time in the world?
A: `` White Christmas '' ( 1942 ) by Bing Crosby. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: It is notable that, according to Guinness World Records, "White Christmas" (1942) by Bing Crosby is the best-selling single worldwide, with estimated sales of over 50 million copies.

Q: In 1977, William S. Doyle, Deputy Commissioner of the New York State Department of Commerce hired advertising agency Wells Rich Greene to develop a marketing campaign for New York State. Doyle also recruited Milton Glaser, a productive graphic designer to work on the campaign and create a design based on Wells Rich Greene's advertising campaign. Glaser's final sketch to accompany the agency's "I Love New York" slogan was conceived in a taxi. It comprised the letter I and a heart shape followed by NY, all on the same line. As the idea developed he decided to stack the I and heart shape on a line above the NY characters, later stating that he may have been a "subliminally" influenced by Robert Indiana's LOVE pop art image.

When was i love new york logo designed?
A: