Detailed Instructions: Generate an appropriate title for the given text. The generated title must be short and include the main topic of the text. The preferred titles are under fifteen words.
Q: 2005: June: Bristol Rovers applies for permission to expand Memorial Stadium October: The football club announces plans to develop the Memorial Stadium into an 18,000-seater ground. 2006: September: Revised plans for the stadium are submitted 2007: January: Bristol City Council grants planning permission to expand Memorial Stadium following a consultation. 2008: January: Bristol Rovers and Bristol City Council sign the legal agreement that will allow work to start on the re-development June: Plans are to be delayed by a year. 2011: June: Bristol Rovers Football Club proposes a move to a new £40m stadium near the city's ring road. December: Contracts are signed for a new Bristol Rovers stadium. The football club reached a deal with University of the West of England (UWE) and Sainsbury's so it can build a new stadium on university ground. 2012: April: Hewlett Packard criticises UWE Stadium plans in its submission to the planning process, primarily on the ground that it would devalue neighbouring commercial properties. May: A planning application to develop a supermarket on the site of a football stadium in Bristol is submitted to the city council. July: South Gloucestershire councillors approve plans for 21,700 seat stadium on UWE land. They vote 12-1 for the development at Stoke Gifford subject to certain conditions. November: Bristol City Council delays its decision on whether the Memorial Stadium can be redeveloped by Sainsbury's. It says it wants more time to consider the effect a stadium would have on traffic in the area. 2013: January: Plans for a supermarket and 65 homes and apartments at Bristol Rovers' Memorial Stadium are backed by Bristol City Council. The plans are referred to the government for approval. 14 January: A petition on the Bristol City Council web site supporting the Sainsbury's plans is signed by 1,750 people. March: The government gives the go-ahead for plans to build a supermarket on the football ground in Bristol. September: Campaigners TRASHorfield submit request to the High Court for judicial review into the Sainsbury's planning application. The Green party donates to the judicial review fund. November: A High Court judge rules a judicial review into plans for a supermarket at the Bristol Rovers football ground can go ahead. Bristol mayor George Ferguson and Bristol MP Charlotte Leslie speak out against it and urge people to sign a petition opposing the judicial review. 2014: 5 March: A petition in support of Bristol Rovers' plans to sell their football ground to Sainsbury's is handed in to Downing Street. 13 March: Judicial Review held at the Bristol Civil Justice Centre before Justice Hickinbottom. Bristol Rovers chairman, Nick Higgs, says it is "excellent news" a final decision will be revealed on 20 March. 20 March: Justice Hickinbottom dismisses the judicial review paving the way for the supermarket - and stadium - to be built. 2015: 20 January: Bristol Rovers confirms it will take Sainsbury's to the High Court in a bid to force through the deal - after the supermarket said it would pull out. 13 July: The High Court rules in favour of Sainsbury's saying the way the deal was structured was an "insuperable barrier to the club". Chairman Nick Higgs describes it as a "huge disappointment".
A: