Q:Information:  - A persona (plural personae or personas), in the word's everyday usage, is a social role or a character played by an actor. The word is derived from Latin, where it originally referred to a theatrical mask. The Latin word probably derived from the Etruscan word "phersu", with the same meaning, and that from the Greek  ("prospon"). Its meaning in the latter Roman period changed to indicate a "character" of a theatrical performance or court of law, when it became apparent that different individuals could assume the same role, and legal attributes such as rights, powers, and duties followed the role. The same individuals as actors could play different roles, each with its own legal attributes, sometimes even in the same court appearance. According to other sources, which also admit that the origin of the term is not completely clear, "persona" could possibly be related to the Latin verb "per-sonare", literally: "sounding through", with an obvious link to the above-mentioned theatrical mask.  - Paul Daniel "Ace" Frehley (born April 27, 1951) is an American musician, singer and songwriter best known as the former lead guitarist and founding member of the rock band Kiss. He invented the persona of the "Spaceman" or "Space Ace" and played with the group from its inception in 1973 until his departure in 1982. After leaving Kiss, Frehley embarked on a solo career, which was put on hold when he rejoined Kiss in 1996 for a highly successful reunion tour.  - Hard rock is a loosely defined subgenre of rock music that began in the mid-1960s, with the garage, psychedelic and blues rock movements. It is typified by a heavy use of aggressive vocals, distorted electric guitars, bass guitar, drums, and often accompanied with pianos and keyboards.  - Casablanca Records is an American recording label owned by Universal Music Group and operated under Republic Records. The label became most successful as a disco label in the 1970s and currently operates as an Electronic dance music label under the direction of Tommy Mottola.  - Love Gun is the sixth studio album by American hard rock band Kiss, released on June 30, 1977 by Casablanca Records. The album was remastered in 1997. It is notable for being their first album to feature a lead vocal performance from Ace Frehley, making it the first Kiss album to feature lead vocal performances from all four band members. It was also the last studio album to feature Peter Criss on every song, as he was replaced by session drummer Anton Fig for all but one song on 1979's "Dynasty". "Love Gun" was certified platinum on June 30, 1977.  - Anton Fig (born 8 August 1952 in Cape Town, South Africa), known as "The Thunder from Down Under", is a South African/American session drummer, noted for his work in David Letterman's house band, the CBS Orchestra. Letterman often refers to Fig as "Anton Zip" or "Buddy Rich Jr."  - `` Shock Me '' is a song by American hard rock band Kiss on their 1977 album Love Gun . It was written by lead guitarist Ace Frehley , who made his lead vocal debut . The song was inspired by an event that took place during Kiss ' Rock and Roll Over tour , when he was nearly electrocuted . It was ranked # 50 in Guitar World magazine 's `` 100 Greatest Guitar Solos Ever '' .    What object entity has the relation of 'record label' with the subject 'shock me'?   Choices: - 1982  - 1996  - album  - casablanca  - casablanca records  - cbs  - latin  - rock music  - universal
A: