Fleetwood are the only team still to have a 100% record in Sky Bet League One as a 2-0 win over Scunthorpe sent Graham Alexander’s men top of the table. The Cod Army are playing in the third tier for the first time in their history after six promotions in nine years and their remarkable ascent shows no sign of slowing with Jamie Proctor and Gareth Evans scoring the goals at Glanford Park. Fleetwood were one of five teams to have won two out of two but the other four clubs - Peterborough, Bristol City, Chesterfield and Crawley - all hit their first stumbling blocks. Posh were defeated 2-1 by Sheffield United, who had lost both of their opening contests. Jose Baxter’s opener gave the Blades a first-half lead, and although it was later cancelled out by Shaun Brisley’s goal, Ben Davies snatched a winner six minutes from time. In the lead: Jose Baxter (right) celebrates opening the scoring for Sheffield United. Up for the battle: Sheffield United's Michael Doyle (left) challenges Peterborough's Kyle Vassell in a keenly-contested clash. Bristol City, who beat Nigel Clough’s men on the opening day, were held to a goalless draw by last season's play-off finalists Leyton Orient while Chesterfield, the League Two champions, were beaten 1-0 by MK Dons, who play Manchester United in the Capital One Cup in seven days’ time. Arsenal loanee Benik Afobe scored the only goal of the game just after the break. Meanwhile, Crawley lost their unbeaten status, while Bradford maintained theirs, thanks to a 3-1 win for the Bantams. James Hanson became the first player to score against Crawley this season after 49 minutes before Joe Walsh equalised five minutes later. Heads up: Bristol City's Korey Smith (left) and Leyton Orient's Lloyd James go up for a header. But strikes from Billy Knott and Mason Bennett sealed an impressive away win Phil Parkinson's men. Bradford are now second behind Fleetwood after Doncaster’s stoppage-time equaliser meant Preston, for whom Joe Garner signed a new contract earlier on Tuesday, were held to a 1-1 draw which slipped them down the table. Chris Humphrey looked to have secured the points for the Lilywhites but Nathan Tyson struck a last-gasp leveller. Stand-in striker Matt Done scored a hat-trick for Rochdale in the evening’s high-scoring affair as Crewe were hammered 5-2. Marcus Haber marked his full Railwaymen debut with a brace but Done’s treble and goals from Ian Henderson and Peter Vincenti helped Keith Hill’s men to a big away victory. There were plenty of goals between Coventry and Barnsley too in a 2-2 draw with all four goals coming in the first half. Josh McQuoid and Jordan Clarke twice gave the Sky Blues the lead, but the Tykes earned a point thanks to strikes from Conor Hourihane and Leroy Lita. Notts County recorded a 2-1 home win over Colchester with Ronan Murray and Liam Noble on target. Freddie Sears replied for Colchester. James Wilson's second half equaliser earned Oldham a points against Port Vale after Tom Pope's opener and Yeovil claimed a 2-1 away victory at Walsall with Kevin Dawson striking a late winner. Tom Bradshaw had equalised after veteran James Hayter gave the Glovers the lead. Finally, Swindon held Gillingham to a 2-2 draw thanks to Stephen Bywater’s last-minute own goal. Danny Kedwell and Kortney Hause twice gave the Gills the lead but Andy Williams pulled Swindon level before Bywater dropped Raphael Branco's cross into his own net.
Summarize the highlights of this article.