Summarize this article:

A largely tepid first half saw Bradley Dack's header cleared off the visitors' line by Dean Lewington, while half of Priestfield thought Frank Nouble had put them ahead two minutes before half-time but his 30-yard shot drifted just wide.
MK Dons could have gone ahead in first-half injury time when Paul Konchesky brought down Kieran Agard just inside the Gillingham box, but Stuart Nelson - who had dived the other way - managed to save Dean Bowditch's penalty with his trailing foot.
The Gills came out stronger in the second half and their dominance led to a 64th-minute breakthrough as a Dack cross from deep picked out the unmarked McDonald, who headed in his fifth league goal this season.
The home side could have had another when Josh Wright intercepted George Baldock's loose pass but did not catch his shot properly.
Report supplied by the Press Association
Match ends, Gillingham 1, MK Dons 0.
Second Half ends, Gillingham 1, MK Dons 0.
Dean Lewington (MK Dons) is shown the yellow card.
Bradley Dack (Gillingham) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Dean Lewington (MK Dons).
Foul by Jake Hessenthaler (Gillingham).
Ed Upson (MK Dons) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Max Ehmer (Gillingham) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Ryan Colclough (MK Dons).
Attempt saved. Jay Emmanuel-Thomas (Gillingham) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Corner,  Gillingham. Conceded by Dean Lewington.
Attempt missed. Samir Carruthers (MK Dons) right footed shot from the right side of the box is just a bit too high.
Substitution, MK Dons. Ryan Colclough replaces Kieran Agard.
Substitution, Gillingham. Ryan Jackson replaces Frank Nouble.
Attempt saved. Josh Wright (Gillingham) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Attempt saved. Jay Emmanuel-Thomas (Gillingham) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
Corner,  Gillingham. Conceded by Paul Downing.
Corner,  Gillingham. Conceded by Paul Downing.
Cody McDonald (Gillingham) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Paul Downing (MK Dons).
Goal!  Gillingham 1, MK Dons 0. Cody McDonald (Gillingham) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Bradley Dack with a cross following a corner.
Corner,  Gillingham. Conceded by Ed Upson.
Darren Potter (MK Dons) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Bradley Dack (Gillingham) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Darren Potter (MK Dons).
Attempt blocked. Frank Nouble (Gillingham) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Substitution, MK Dons. Nicky Maynard replaces Dean Bowditch.
Attempt saved. Baily Cargill (Gillingham) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Corner,  Gillingham. Conceded by Jack Hendry.
Frank Nouble (Gillingham) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Jack Hendry (MK Dons).
Attempt missed. Baily Cargill (Gillingham) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left.
Corner,  Gillingham. Conceded by Jack Hendry.
Baily Cargill (Gillingham) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Paul Downing (MK Dons).
Foul by Frank Nouble (Gillingham).
Samir Carruthers (MK Dons) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Samir Carruthers (MK Dons) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Frank Nouble (Gillingham) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Samir Carruthers (MK Dons).