What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
If you believe that the insurance company undervalued your car in their report, gather and copy any records you have that show that your car was valuable and well-maintained. This includes receipts and other proof of:  Optional features Upgrades, add-ons, and customizations Repairs Regular maintenance Any documents you received from the car's previous owner Spend some time finding evidence that your insurer undervalued your vehicle or overvalued the cost of repair. Kelley Blue Book is a good place to start. KBB is the go-to authority on car values, and lets you calculate the value of your vehicle with reference to its condition and your geographic location. You can also find for-sale listings online or in a newspaper for the make and model in a similar condition in your area. Finally, you may be able to get a quote for repairs from a mechanic. Have him or her put the quote in writing. Vehicle owners are often surprised to find out that their car has depreciated substantially since they purchased it. Remember that the value of your car is based on its resale value, not on what you paid for it. Your insurance adjuster should have prepared the initial report by calculating the average values and cost of repairs for similar vehicles in your area. Submit a detailed collection of evidence showing that the adjuster's valuations were inaccurate. The adjuster will review your supporting documentation. Do your own calculations by averaging the values of several different comparable vehicles in your area. The adjuster will certainly check your math, but your evidence will be more persuasive if you present the conclusion of your research up front. Your insurance company may or may not have had the vehicle appraised in person. Re-read your insurance policy, or ask if your policy guarantees you the right to an independent appraisal. The insurance company will either hire an appraiser inspect your vehicle, or they may simply offer you more money to settle the claim and avoid the trouble of hiring an appraiser. The adjuster may also want to avoid the possibility that the new appraisal will be substantially higher than the initial valuation. Your insurance company has a lot of power in declaring a vehicle a total loss, because they have the money that you need to either repair your car or buy a new one. However, if you can afford to wait, you can exercise some power of your own by refusing to settle right away. Insurance adjusters are typically under a lot of pressure to settle cases quickly. Some sources report that adjusters usually have discretion to increase a settlement amount by up to $500 during negotiations. To get more, you will need to present compelling evidence that their initial calculations were off and demonstrate that you are not in a hurry to settle. Insurance companies are required by law to settle claims in good faith. If you believe that your insurer has acted in bad faith by making an unreasonably low offer, you can file a complaint with your state's Department of Insurance. You can find a directory of links to each Department of Insurance's consumer complaint website here. You can usually submit your complaint online through an electronic form by providing your contact information and the details of your complaint. The Department will investigate your claim for potential regulatory issues and violations of law, and may mediate the issue for you.

Summary: