By. Thomas Burrows for MailOnline. These stunning aerial photos reveal the new shape of London thanks to a mainline railway that will run through the heart of the capital. The £6.5 billion Thameslink rail project will connect multiple regional destinations on either side of the city for the first time with Tube-like service frequency. When complete in 2018, the railway will link Brighton and Gatwick Airport with central London and stations north of the Thames, including Luton Airport and Bedford. The current Brighton-to-Bedford route will add Cambridge, King's Lynn, Ashford and Eastbourne as destinations. Scroll down for video. A view of the Shard and London Bridge station with existing platforms (right) and new platforms (left) under construction as part of the £6.5 billion Thameslink rail project. The Thameslink rail project will connect multiple regional destinations on either side of the city for the first time with Tube-like service frequency. At the heart of the programme is the complete rebuilding of London Bridge, that will have the largest concourse in the country when finished. A view of King's Cross (centre left), St Pancras (centre) and Euston (large square roof right) and the new Thameslink Canal tunnel under construction. The redevelopment of small tunnel entrance at Bermondsey, south London, that is part of the £6.5 billion Thameslink rail project. A picture showing the Bermondsey small tunnel entrance - trains will run through London every two to three minutes and improve connections to more destinations. The programme includes a rebuilding of London Bridge and will link Brighton and Gatwick Airport with central London and stations north of the Thames, including Luton Airport and Bedford. The current Brighton-to-Bedford route will add Cambridge, King's Lynn, Ashford and Eastbourne as destinations when completed in 2018. At the heart of the programme is Britain's biggest station redevelopment - the complete rebuilding of London Bridge. In the shadow of the imposing 306m high Shard, London's fourth-busiest station is currently until Monday. As a result, more than 50,000 passengers who normally travel into London Bridge in the morning peak hours are having to find alternative routes to work. Once finished, the station will have the largest concourse in the country - bigger than the pitch at Wembley Stadium. A view of Gatwick Airport - when complete in 2018, the railway will link the airport with central London and stations north of the Thames. A view of Brighton station in East Sussex, which will form part of the £6.5 billion Thameslink rail project, which connects the station with central London. The Ouse Valley viaduct, also called Balcombe viaduct in Sussex, which will be used to connect the area with London and stations north of the River Thames. The Thameslink programme  was first proposed in the 1980s. In 2005 – with work yet to begin – the then transport secretary Alistair Darling admitted that the original name - the Thameslink 2000 - was 'a bit of a joke'. Since then Network Rail have referred to the project as the Thameslink Programme. A more detailed look at the routes in London (in black) that the £6.5 billion Thameslink rail project will go to - the railway runs through the heart of the capital. The map shows the planned rail routes once the programme is completed in 2018. There is already an existing rail network that was finished in July 2007.
What are the important parts of this article?