Brad Childress Topics Page

Brad Childress takes cover, Auburn needs to cover the points, and the Tennessee Titans want to cover over any dissension between coach and player. Bloggers Tom Weir and Reid Cherner are only hoping for blanket coverage.

Brad Childress takes cover, Auburn needs to cover the points, and the Tennessee Titans want to cover over any dissension between coach and player. Game On! bloggers Tom Weir and Reid Cherner are only hoping for blanket coverage.

Dismissed Minnesota Vikings coach Brad Childress had lost the support of his players, WR Bernard Berrian said Tuesday.

LaDainian Tomlinson says the thought of playing with Mark Sanchez as his quarterback was the "main reason" he chose to sign with the New York Jets in the offseason.

Next man up. That's the mantra that everyone can relate to in the NFL. "It sounds like a broken record," Indianapolis Colts safety Antoine Bethea said after Sunday's loss at New England. "But everyone here is capable of playing at a high level. So if somebody goes down, the next man up has to come in and play ball."

this number. Vikings (+2½) over REDSKINS: We’ll see if Minnesota gets the same positive effect Dallas did after firing its coach. Brad Childress certainly was a huge part of the problem, and the Vikings, if they are into it, can put a lot of points on the

rest of this rocky year. Vikings owner Zygi Wilf turned to Frazier, the teams defensive coordinator, to take over for the fired Brad Childress on Monday, completely unsatisfied after a talent-laden roster was blown out at home by division rival Green Bay to

to an unlikely division title. 26. MINNESOTA VIKINGS [down from 25] Overall record: 3-7 Streak: Lost two With head coach Brad Childress gone, players can no longer use a lack of direction as a crutch. It’s time to look in the mirror. 27. ARIZONA CARDINALS

Brad Childress ever --"Boo! Boo! Fire Childress! Boo! I'm so glad he's gone!" Wait, let us finish. Will Brad Childress ever get the chance to be an NFL head coach again? No, seriously. We mean it. Here are three reasons Childress might once again roam the

up and someone will pay the price. And it won't be the players, in most instances. That explains in part why Phillips and Brad Childress are unemployed one year after their teams captured division titles and won playoff games. Phillips paid the price for his

The Minnesota Vikings can still do a lot of things this season but blaming Brad Childress is no longer an option.

The NFL world is in full throat again about Brett Favre's future now that Brad Childress has been fired. What does the rest of his season hold? How will the Minnesota Vikings finish the season? What do all of those injuries mean for Favre's starting streak?

Tony Dungy says he's not interested in returning as a coach or executive to help straighten out the Minnesota Vikings. Dungy told the Associated Press in a phone interview on Monday night that he's happy working as an analyst for NBC and enjoys having the time to watch his son play college football at Oregon.

Brett Favre embraced the change the Minnesota Vikings made from head coachBrad Childress to interim coach Leslie Frazier on Monday.

Although he paid homage to his fired predecessor, new Minnesota Vikings head coach Leslie Frazier said Monday was a day of "celebration" for the team as it embraces an opportunity for a second-half renaissance following a dismal 3-7 start.
What are the most important parts of this text?