By. Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 23:05 EST, 11 January 2014. |. UPDATED:. 13:59 EST, 12 January 2014. A man who was shot dead in an apparent road rage incident in Pennsylvania last Saturday made multiple calls to 911 as he was pursued by a crazed driver in a dark-colored pickup, police have revealed this weekend. Timothy Davison, 28, was driving from Florida home to Maine along Interstate 81 when the shooting occurred in Antrim Township. He told 911 in several calls in Maryland and Pennsylvania that he was being chased by an enraged driver who was very aggressive. Police have concluded that a 28-year-old Timothy 'Asti' Davison (pictured) was killed in a seemingly random act of road rage last Sunday in Pennsylvania. Driven off the road: Timothy Davison was run off the road by an enraged motorist and shot dead. Road rage: Timothy Davison called from Interstate 81 near Maryland early Saturday to say someone in a pickup truck was firing on him just moments before he was forced off the road (pictured) and shot dead. Police believe the shooter pursued Davison for up to 15 miles before he was run off the road onto a median strip and shot several times. Officials say the shooter was driving a dark Ford Ranger XLT pickup and are asking local mechanics to look out for a car fitting that description with damage to its driver's side as well as silver paint from Davison's car. Saluted: Fellow officers gathered from multiple states to attend the June 2013 funeral for Bardstown, Kentucky officer Jason Ellis, whose murder remains unsolved. As Davison called 911 in Northern Maryland to report the rage-filled motorist, he was being shot at by the trailing vehicle. The call was dropped and he called again, this time having crossed over the border into Pennsylvania. According to police, Davison was forced into a median, disabling his vehicle, before the assailant approached and fired several rounds at him. 'I think we can call it a road rage incident,' Pennsylvania state trooper Rob Hicks told The Portland Press Herald. Police are not releasing the recordings of the calls, but Hicks said that Davison indicated that a driving issue - like one person cutting another off or braking suddenly - may have sparked the problem. The only clues that the investigators, who have been joined by FBI teams, are basing their investigation on are grainy surveillance footage and bullet remnants. Search is on: The killer's car will have damage on the driver's side and silver paint from Timothy Davison's car. Crime scene: Davison's attack occurred on northbound I-81 in Antrim Township, about 10 miles north of Hagerstown, Maryland, as Davison was driving home to Maine after visiting family in Florida. State police are searching for a Ford Ranger-style pickup. They say the vehicle may be blue and may have damage to the driver's side. They say Davison, who was from Poland, Maine, died at a York hospital following the 2.10am attack. Police say the attack occurred on northbound I-81 in Antrim Township, about 10 miles north of Hagerstown, Maryland. 'I just hope this doesn’t happen to. anyone else. This wasn’t just road rage. This person is obviously. crazy,' the victim's mother Theresa Alloca told The Kennebec Journal. According to police reports, Davison called 911 in Maryland shortly before 2am to report that he was being pursued by another motorist, but his call was dropped when he crossed into Pennsylvania.

What are highlight points for this article?