Q:Information:  - Capital Development Authority or CDA, is a public benefit corporation responsible for providing municipal services in the Islamabad city (Capital city of Pakistan), established on June 14, 1960, first by an executive order issued on June 24, 1960 entitled the Pakistan Capital Regulation, to be superseded by the CDA ordinance issued on June 27, 1960.  - Islam (' ;) is a religion articulated by the Quran, a text considered by its adherents to be the verbatim word of God ('), and, for the vast majority of adherents, the teachings and normative example (called the "sunnah", composed of accounts called "hadith") of Muhammad (5708 June 632 CE). It is the world's second-largest religion and the fastest-growing major religion in the world, with over 1.7 billion followers or 23% of the global population, known as Muslims. Islam is an Abrahamic monotheistic religion that upholds that God is one and incomparable and that the purpose of existence is to worship God. Muslims consider Muhammad to be the last prophet of God.  - Pakistan (or ), officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, is a federal parliamentary republic in South Asia on crossroads of Central Asia and Western Asia. It is the sixth-most populous country with a population exceeding 200 million people. It is the 36th largest country in the world in terms of area with an area covering . Pakistan has a coastline along the Arabian Sea and the Gulf of Oman in the south and is bordered by India to the east, Afghanistan to the west, Iran to the southwest and China in the far northeast respectively. It is separated from Tajikistan by Afghanistan's narrow Wakhan Corridor in the north, and also shares a maritime border with Oman.  - Islamabad is the capital city of Pakistan located within the federal Islamabad Capital Territory. With a population of two million, it is the 10th largest city of Pakistan, while the larger Islamabad Rawalpindi metropolitan area is the third largest in Pakistan with a population exceeding five million. The city is the political seat of the Federal Government of Pakistan and is administered by the Islamabad Metropolitan Corporation, supported by the Capital Development Authority (CDA).  - The Islamabad Capital Territory (ICT) is one of the two federal territories of Pakistan. It includes Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan, and covers an area of 1,165.5 km (450 mi) of which 906 km (349.8 mi) is Islamabad proper. It is represented in the National Assembly by two constituencies, namely NA-48 and NA-49.  - Abdul Aziz ( Urdu :     ) is a Pakistani cleric and khateeb ( sermon giver ) in the central mosque of Islamabad known as Lal Masjid , which was the site of a siege in 2007 with the Pakistani army . On 4 July 2007 , he was arrested by the Pakistani police as he was trying to escape the complex while dressed in a burqa ( veil ) . Aziz was released from custody by the Pakistani supreme court in 2009 and acquitted in 2013 . The mosque he leads operates Jamia Hafsa , an all - girls madrassa , and has a militia . Its followers have engaged in political protests and have been involved in vandalism , violence , kidnapping , and arson . Students of Jamia Hafsa have publicly declared their support for ISIS and Abu Bakr al - Baghdadi . In 2014 , Aziz named a library at one of the mosque 's seminaries after Osama Bin Laden and openly declared his support for ISIS .    What entity does 'abdul aziz ' has the relation 'date of birth' with?
A: