Q: A votive candle or prayer candle is a small candle, typically white or beeswax yellow, intended to be burnt as a votive offering in an act of Christian prayer, especially within the Anglican and Roman Catholic Christian denominations, among others. In Christianity, votive candles are commonplace in many churches, as well as home altars, and symbolize the "prayers the worshipper is offering for him or herself, or for other people." The size of a votive candle is often two inches tall by one and a half inches diameter, although other votive candles can be significantly taller and wider. In other religions, such as Hinduism and Buddhism, similar offerings exist, which include diyas and butter lamps.

Answer this question based on the passage: what do candles symbolize in the catholic church?
A: the `` prayers the worshipper is offering for him or herself , or for other people . ''. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: In Christianity, votive candles are commonplace in many churches, as well as home altars, and symbolize the "prayers the worshipper is offering for him or herself, or for other people."

Q: The winner of the competition was 18 year-old Danielle Canute from Mumbai. As her prizes, she received a one-year contract to be the new face of TRESemmé, representation from Bling Talent Management, and the opportunity to appear in an editorial spread for Grazia magazine.

Answer this question: india's next top model season 1 winner?
A: Danielle Canute. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: The winner of the competition was 18 year-old Danielle Canute from Mumbai.

Q: Passage: Lata Mangeshkar (pronunciation ( help info) ) (born 28 September 1929) is an Indian playback singer and occasional music composer. She is one of the best-known and most respected playback singers in India. Mangeshkar's career started in 1942 and has spanned over seven decades. She has recorded songs for over a thousand Hindi films and has sung songs in over thirty-six regional Indian languages and foreign languages, though primarily in Marathi and Hindi. She is the recipient of three National Film Awards, 12 Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards, four Filmfare Best Female Playback Awards and many more. The Dadasaheb Phalke Award was bestowed on her in 1989 by the Government of India. She is also the second vocalist, after M.S. Subbulakshmi, to have ever been awarded the Bharat Ratna in 2001, India's highest civilian honour. She has four siblings -- Asha Bhosle, Hridaynath Mangeshkar, Usha Mangeshkar and Meena Mangeshkar -- of which she is the eldest.

Question: Based on this passage, famous indian playback singer. one of the best known and respected playback singers?
A: Lata Mangeshkar. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: She is one of the best-known and most respected playback singers in India.

Q: Urmila is a character in the Hindu epic Ramayana. She was daughter of King Janaka of Janakpur and his wife Queen Sunaina and also a younger sister of Sita. She was wife of Lakshmana, younger brother of Rama. They had two sons-Angada and Chandraketu. When Lakshman went to exile along with Ram and Sita, Urmila was ready to accompany him but he hesitated and asked her to stay back in Ayodhya to take care of his aging parents. Urmila is notable for her unparalleled sacrifice called Urmila Nidra.

Answer this question based on the passage: who is the wife of lakshmana in ramayana?
A: