By. Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 08:29 EST, 26 November 2012. |. UPDATED:. 19:06 EST, 26 November 2012. A benefits cheat caught hula dancing on holiday after claiming to be wheelchair bound must pay more than £300,000 or face a longer prison sentence. Abdul Esfandmozd, 52, will have  at least five years added to his four-year sentence if he does not pay  the money. He claimed to be disabled for ten years, pocketing nearly £100,000 in benefits, but was caught out when council  officers noticed fake names on records he was meant to keep of money he  spent on carers. 'Living a lie': Abdul Esfandmozd, 52, pocketed public money meant for carers and spent it on exotic holiday and building a property empire. Scam: A raid on his home uncovered pictures of him on holiday hula dancing, diving into a pool and lifting a woman up, as well as home videos of him walking long distances. In August, Esfandmozd was found guilty of fraud, obtaining money by deception and entering into a money laundering arrangement. He had to reappear before Portsmouth Crown Court to hear a judge’s verdict on how the money  he made with his scam should be recouped. Despite being exposed as a cheat, Esfandmozd still insisted on using his wheelchair to attend the hearing. Judge Sarah Munro QC  ruled that his total gain  through crime was £318,593.21 and gave him nine months to pay up. She repeatedly had to ask him to be quiet as he shouted ‘I still trust British justice’ from the back of the court. The sum includes £140,000 from the Department for Work and Pensions that he was not prosecuted for and the profits for two properties that he bought with his ill-gotten money. Out for a stroll: He was found guilty of two counts of fraud, two of obtaining money by deception and three of entering into a money laundering arrangement. Whale of a time: Despite being outed as a liar, Esfandmozd still insisted on using his wheelchair to attend the hearing at Portsmouth Crown Court. Michael Lawther, solicitor  for Portsmouth City Council, said: ‘Esfandmozd stole a  substantial amount of money from taxpayers. We’re pleased we’ll be able to recover it.’ A Crown Prosecution Service spokesman said that Esfandmozd’s property could be seized to pay the order. Between 2000 and 2010, Esfandmozd claimed £93,730  in disability payments from  the council. He said he was incapable of standing or walking without crutches and used an electric wheelchair to get around. He was supposed to spend the money on carers and neighbours were fooled by his supposedly modest lifestyle. But instead he took regular holidays to America, Cyprus and Malta and invested in property. The scam came to light  when council officers noticed paperwork for the care work he was supposed to be buying was not in order. Good times: Neighbours were fooled by his supposedly modest lifestyle, but meanwhile the conman was enjoying a luxury lifestyle. Forms on which he was meant to list carers’ names included former England goalkeeper P Shilton, athlete D Thompson and even a Mr D Duck. A raid of his flat in Somers Town, Hampshire, uncovered home videos of him on holiday,  dancing, swimming and even lifting a woman up. There were also six hours of home videos of him filmed on holiday in which he was shown walking long distances. Sentencing him, Judge Munro said: ‘You are in my view  one of the most dishonest  and manipulative individuals ever to have come before  this court.’
Summarize the highlights of this article.