Write some highlights for the following article:

The rift between teachers and Michael Gove widened yesterday when a moderate teachers’ union passed a motion of no confidence in the Education Secretary for the first time in its history. The Association of Teachers and Lecturers voted overwhelmingly that Mr Gove and Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw showed an ‘abject failure to improve education or treat teachers, parents and pupils with respect’. More militant unions regularly show dissatisfaction with Government policies in similar debates. But the ATL’s support for the first such motion in its 129 years indicates a hardening of opinion among  teachers and other school staff. Teachers from the ATL union passed a vote of no confidence in Education Secretary Michael Gove (left) and Ofsted chief inspector Sir Michael Wilshaw. The two biggest unions – the National. Union of Teachers and the NASUWT – have already announced strike action. over pay, conditions and pensions. There is also anger at Mr Gove’s attempts to toughen exams and get rid of ‘trendy’ methods he believes have lowered standards. ATL member Jean Roberts said teachers. were overstretched and ‘bullying by the two Michaels’ was affecting head. teachers, ‘who seem to feel they have to hand that down to staff’. She. added: ‘We are saying enough is enough.’ Teacher Chrissie Jolinon, from Brent,. north-west London, said teachers were not consulted about changes. She. accused Sir Michael of ‘tinkering’ to ‘drive forward Government policy. for academies’. Earlier, general secretary Dr Mary. Bousted told the conference in  Liverpool that Mr Gove was ‘shamefully. neglecting’ children, and his reforms would damage education, leaving. morale at ‘rock bottom’. She added: ‘In 2013, every aspect of the. curriculum you teach, the qualifications you prepare children to take,. is under attack and review.’ ‘Michael Gove and Sir Michael Wilshaw are like Blood Brothers, with a. pact to suck the life and hope out of our education system and the. teachers who work within it.’ The union’s survey of 996 members on Mr Gove’s performance found 91 per cent rated him a ‘fail’. Three-quarters criticised his. curriculum revisions, which focus on basic maths and English and a. chronological approach to history. ATL general secretary Mary Bousted said Michael Gove and Sir Michael Wilshaw pact to suck the life and hope out of our education system. Changes to GCSEs and A-levels, such as. ditching modules in favour of final exams, are also unpopular. Meanwhile, 60 per cent thought chief schools inspector Sir Michael. should be on ‘special measures’. The NUT and NASUWT last week announced strikes beginning on June 27 and culminating in a national strike before Christmas. They have said they will postpone them if Mr Gove attends constructive talks and delays introducing performance-related pay. Days later, 100 Left-wing academics. wrote to two national papers claiming pupils were doomed to ‘failure and. demoralisation’ under the proposed curriculum, which is out for. consultation until next month. An Ofsted spokesman said: ‘Sir Michael. has said from the outset any provision that is less than good is not. acceptable. That’s a tough message, especially for those schools and. colleges that have been coasting.’ A Department for Education spokesman. said: ‘We need to make sure we have an education system that is robust. and rigorous . This ambition is surely something the ATL should be. supporting.’