Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Sean Poulter, Consumer Affairs Editor. PUBLISHED:. 13:50 EST, 26 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 19:38 EST, 26 November 2013. A strain of the food-poisoning bug MRSA has been found in turkeys being prepared for Christmas on a farm in East Anglia. In a move that will alarm consumers, however, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has decided to keep the name of the farm and the retailers it supplies a secret. It said last night there was no need to stop the sale of the turkeys as the risk to consumers was ‘very low’ if the meat was handled carefully and cooked thoroughly. Turkeys on a farm in East Anglia have tested positive for food poisoning bug MRSA but the Government's food and farming department has refused to say which on or who they supply (file picture) Defra said its Animal Health and. Veterinary Laboratories Agency had found Livestock-Associated. Methicillin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (LA-MRSA) in poultry during a. routine inspection on the farm in East Anglia. This is not the same form of the bacteria that cause illness in people, and usually clears within 24 hours. Officials. said the most likely reaction if it affected humans would be a skin. rash, similar to eczema, rather than the stomach problems associated. with food-poisoning bugs. Defra said that once the turkeys had been slaughtered and sold, the farm owner would disinfect barns. However,. the fact that the department has decided to keep details of the case. secret – protecting the farming and food industry at the expense of. providing information to consumers – will raise questions about its. priorities. The Government. has been criticised for its handling of the scandal of horsemeat being. sold in beef products earlier this year. So far, not a single meat. producer, supermarket or abattoir has been prosecuted. Government department Defra has decided there is no need to stop the sale of the birds which are destined for Christmas lunches across England. Steve. Wearne, of the Food Standards Agency, said: ‘Any risk of contracting. MRSA through meat from animals with these bacteria is very low when. usual good hygiene and thorough cooking practices are observed. ‘All poultry should be handled hygienically and cooked thoroughly to destroy any bacteria that may be present.’ However,. hundreds of thousands of people in the UK are believed to fall ill. every year because they do not handle and cook poultry with the. necessary care. Professor. Angela Kearns, head of the Staphylococcus Reference Unit at Public. Health England, said: ‘There are many different strains of MRSA that. cause illness in people, but this is not one of the strains that we are. overly concerned about. Defra has decided against naming the farm or its suppliers in a move sure to anger consumers. ‘This. strain is relatively widespread in livestock in Europe, including. countries from which meat is regularly sourced by the UK. There are no. known cases of people contracting MRSA from eating meat.’ Professor. Peter Borriello, of the Veterinary Medicines Directorate, said:. ‘LA-MRSA has been identified in livestock in a number of countries and. is not considered to represent a significant risk to animal health and. welfare.’ n Sainsbury’s has. recalled packs of its own-brand Kids 20 Pork Cocktail Sausages because. they had the wrong ‘use by’ date of December 25. The correct date should. have been November 25.

Highlights: