By. Damien Gayle. PUBLISHED:. 04:28 EST, 22 March 2013. |. UPDATED:. 13:44 EST, 22 March 2013. An extremely rare fossil of footprints made more than 300million years ago has been discovered by a 10-year-old schoolboy. Bruno Debattista, a pupil at Windmill Primary School in Oxford, brought a piece of shale with what he thought might be a fossilised imprint to the after-school club at Oxford University's Museum of Natural History. Astonished museum experts found it appeared to contain trackways left by a horseshoe crab crawling up the muddy slopes of an ancient shore around 320million years ago. Amazing find: Oxford schoolboy Bruno Debattista. holds up the piece of shale he found which experts say contains the. fossilised footprints made by a pair of mating horseshoe crabs. 300million years ago. Well spotted: A close-up view shows the faint tracks on the piece of slate. Chris Jarvis, education officer at the Museum, said: ‘Footprints of this age are incredibly rare and extremely hard to spot, so we were amazed when Bruno produced them at our After-School Club. Bruno poses with a preserved horseshoe crab: The 10-year-old collected the fossil while on holiday in Cornwall last summer. 'Still more impressive is the fact that. Bruno had a hunch they might be some kind of footprints, even though the. specimen had some of our world expert geologists arguing about it over. their microscopes!' Bruno’s fossil has been confirmed by the Museum as likely showing footprints of a pair of mating horseshoe crabs laid down during the Carboniferous period, some 308-327million years ago. At this time, the sea was slowly being sealed off as the Earth’s landmasses crunched together to form Pangaea. The museum's Natural History After-School Club encourages Year 6 children to develop their interest in the natural world. It is hopes that some might become the next generation of geologists and zoologists. The club’s weekly sessions look at rocks, fossils, insects and other animal life. Members are encouraged to make observations and collect specimens to be shared each week. Horseshoe crabs resemble crustaceans, but are more closely related to spiders and scorpions than lobsters and shrimp. They are one of the world's oldest species, with the earliest fossils found in strata from the late Ordovician period, roughly 450 million years ago. They live primarily in and around shallow ocean waters on soft sandy or muddy bottoms, but will occasionally come on shore for mating. They are commonly used as bait and in fertilizer, and in recent years, habitat destruction and over-harvesting has led to a decline in numbers. Bruno was specially selected for the club by his teachers, after showing a particular interest in nature. He collected the fossil while on holiday in Cornwall last summer. ‘Unfortunately, the excitement and motivation that many children instinctively feel for studying nature is often lost during their teenage years as it is seen as 'uncool' or a bit 'weird', and science can become text-book oriented and exam-driven during secondary school,’ Mr Jarvis said. ‘The club is our attempt to encourage children to value and extend their skills and knowledge and to follow their interests. 'I hope it is helping to create a group of kids that will continue to share their interests into their teenage years and beyond.’ Bruno and his family have decided to donate the fossil specimen to the Museum’s collection.
What are the important parts of this article?