Please answer the following question: Information:  - The European Court of Justice (ECJ), officially just the Court of Justice, is the highest court in the European Union in matters of European Union law. As a part of the Court of Justice of the European Union it is tasked with interpreting EU law and ensuring its equal application across all EU member states. The Court was established in 1952 and is based in Luxembourg. It is composed of one judge per member state  currently 28  although it normally hears cases in panels of three, five or 15 judges. The court has been led by president Koen Lenaerts since 2015.  - The European Commission (EC) is an institution of the European Union, responsible for proposing legislation, implementing decisions, upholding the EU treaties and managing the day-to-day business of the EU. Commissioners swear an oath at the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg, pledging to respect the treaties and to be completely independent in carrying out their duties during their mandate.  - The Folketing (; lit. "the people's thing"), also known as the Danish Parliament in English, is the unicameral national parliament (legislature) of the Kingdom of Denmark. Established in 1849, until 1953 the Folketing was the lower house of a bicameral parliament, called the Rigsdag; the upper house was the Landsting. It meets in Christiansborg Palace, on the islet of Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen.  - The European Union (EU) is a political and economic union of member states that are located primarily in Europe. It has an area of , and an estimated population of over 510 million. The EU has developed an internal single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services, and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs, and maintain common policies on trade, agriculture, fisheries, and regional development. Within the Schengen Area, passport controls have been abolished. A monetary union was established in 1999 and came into full force in 2002, and is composed of 19 EU member states which use the euro currency.  - The Danish Social Liberal Party ("Radical Left", i.e. "Radical Liberal Party") is a social-liberal political party in Denmark. The party is a member of Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE).  - Zealand is the largest (7,031 km) and most populated island in Denmark with a population of 2,267,659 (39% of Denmark's total as of January 2016).  - The Commissioner for Competition is the member of the European Commission responsible for competition . The current commissioner is Margrethe Vestager ( ALDE ) .  - Margrethe Vestager (born 13 April 1968 in Glostrup, Zealand) is a Danish politician, who is currently serving as the European Commissioner for Competition. She served as a Member of Parliament ("Folketing") from 20 November 2001 until 2 September 2014, representing the Danish Social Liberal Party. She was the political leader of her party from 2007 to 2014, and served as Minister of Economic Affairs and the Interior from 2011 to 2014.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'european commissioner for competition' exhibits the relationship of 'applies to jurisdiction'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - denmark  - europe  - european union  - liberal party
Answer: