Quick Question: Andrew Huang is a Canadian musician, video producer, and YouTube personality. He is best known for his Song Challenge video series, which invites viewers to dare him in feats of musicianship, as well as viral hits such as Pink Fluffy Unicorns Dancing on Rainbows, 99 Red Balloons-played with red balloons, and Alphabetical 26-Genre Song. Huang has released over 50 albums of original music, either through DFTBA Records or independently, under his own name as well as the pseudonyms Songs To Wear Pants To, Your Heart, Girl, Spokesman, The Cloud, Ghostface Kilobyte, and VS.

Answer this question: who wrote the song pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows?
My answer: The important part for answering this question is: He is best known for his Song Challenge video series, which invites viewers to dare him in feats of musicianship, as well as viral hits such as Pink Fluffy Unicorns Dancing on Rainbows, 99 Red Balloons-played with red balloons, and Alphabetical 26-Genre Song. The answer is Andrew Huang.

Quick Question: Glycogen functions as one of two forms of long-term energy reserves, with the other form being triglyceride stores in adipose tissue (i.e., body fat). In humans, glycogen is made and stored primarily in the cells of the liver and skeletal muscle. In the liver, glycogen can make up from 5 -- 6 % of the organ's fresh weight and the liver of an adult weighing 70 kg can store roughly 100 -- 120 grams of glycogen. In skeletal muscle, glycogen is found in a low concentration (1 -- 2 % of the muscle mass) and the skeletal muscle of an adult weighing 70 kg can store roughly 400 grams of glycogen. The amount of glycogen stored in the body -- particularly within the muscles and liver -- mostly depends on physical training, basal metabolic rate, and eating habits. Small amounts of glycogen are also found in other tissues and cells, including the kidneys, red blood cells, white blood cells, and glial cells in the brain. The uterus also stores glycogen during pregnancy to nourish the embryo.

Answer this question based on the passage: where is most glycogen in the body stored?
My answer: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: In humans, glycogen is made and stored primarily in the cells of the liver and skeletal muscle. The answer is the cells of the liver and skeletal muscle.

Quick Question: In practice, the House of Commons' scrutiny of the Government is fairly weak. Since the first-past-the-post electoral system is employed, the governing party often enjoys a large majority in the Commons, and there is often little need to compromise with other parties. Modern British political parties are so tightly organised that they leave relatively little room for free action by their MPs. Also, many ruling party MPs are paid members of the Government. Thus, during the 20th century, the Government has lost confidence issues only three times -- twice in 1924, and once in 1979. However, the threat of rebellions by their own party's backbench MPs often forces Governments to make concessions (under the Coalition, over foundation hospitals and under Labour over top-up fees and compensation for failed company pension schemes). Occasionally the Government is defeated by backbench rebellions (Terrorism Act 2006). However, the scrutiny provided by the Select Committees is more serious.

Answer this question based on the passage: what electoral system is used to elect the united kingdom house of commons?
My answer: