Write highlights for this article:

By. Jill Reilly. PUBLISHED:. 12:34 EST, 21 August 2012. |. UPDATED:. 01:58 EST, 22 August 2012. From thieves and safe-breakers, to robbers and fraudsters, these images give a fascinating glimpse into the murky world of Tyneside’s 1930s criminal fraternity. The photographs of the criminals had lain hidden for decades, until a chance discovery saw a book of mugshots uncovered in a junk shop and handed to experts. They are thought to be from a police identification book, used to document the habits and descriptions of known criminals in 1930s Newcastle. Smile for the camera: John Dodgson, listed as a 'general thief and bad character 'who had 'extensively tattooed forearms and hands'. His image was found in a rare book in a junk shop containing the mugshots of some of the most notorious convicts of 1930s. Convict: James Hargreaves Jones, a beggar and housebreaker - his distinguishing feature was a scar running along the side of his cheek from a wound. Little else is known about the mugshots, although some clues appear in the documents. One of the men, William Jones, whose alias was Robert Dodds, is mysteriously noted as 'dead, died in action Benwell Hotel'. Though no other details as to the nature of his death are given, his crimes are described as 'larceny, burglary, house and shoplifting'. Criminal; Arthur Bell was caught for larceny and breaking into properties. Jones, who was born in 1876, and had tattoos including a sailor’s head and a naked woman, was said to use various methods of entry to premises and worked alone. He also played the violin outside pubs and had a conviction in the United States of America for shooting a man. Another particularly colourful character is James Lowrie, otherwise known as the 'Sunderland Kid'. He was accused of 'larceny from person, and robbery' and was described as an 'expert pickpocket who associates with all classes of pickpockets'. One of the perpetrators, Dick Albert, is described as a 'general all-round thief and safebreaker'. On camera: James Isadore Epstine (aka James Robertson) who was a thief as well as involved in embezzlement. Another, John Dodgson, is described as a 'general thief and bad character'. Thomas Giles, also known as Thomas O’Malley, meanwhile, was a burglar who also dabbled in metal theft and counterfeit coins. The notes with the mugshots offer details of criminals and their distinguishing markings, which are labelled as 'peculiarities'. Named and shamed: Thief James Casey whose distinguishing marks included tattoos on his forearm including 'True Love' 'Evelyn' and a heart. John Gallagher is described as having a missing left eye and James Hargreaves Jones as having 'wound scar rt. side of face'. Carolyn Ball, manager of Tyne and Wear Archives, said: 'These mugshots were originally found in a junk shop by a member of the public and subsequently donated to the archives. 'They offer an intriguing insight into the crimes of the era and the way they were described. Dodgy underworld: Lone thief John Thomas Hollings - his distinguishing marks include scars on his right jaw, neck and back of his hand. Revealed: Thomas Orange who broke into shops and warehouses. 'These images are absolutely fascinating and it’s great that we are able to share them online in this way. 'They are proving very popular as well with over 15,000 views since they were posted.' Caught: An image of John Williams Archibold - he broke into shops and pubs in the afternoon.