Information:  - Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent (singles) or between two teams of two players each (doubles). Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court. The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a valid return. The player who is unable to return the ball will not gain a point, while the opposite player will.  - John Patrick McEnroe Jr. (born February 16, 1959) is an American former World No. 1 professional tennis player, often rated among the greatest players of all time in the sport, especially for his touch on the volley. He won seven Grand Slam singles titles (three at Wimbledon and four at the US Open), nine Grand Slam men's doubles titles, and one Grand Slam mixed doubles title. He also won a record eight year-end championships, 19 Grand Prix Super Series titles, and finished his career with 77 ATP-listed singles titles and 78 in doubles.  - Ismail El - Shafei ( Arabic :    ) ( born 15 November 1947 ) is a former Head of the Egyptian Tennis Federation and a member of the International Tennis Federation . El Shafei is the only Egyptian player to make the Top 40 in Grand Prix / ATP ranking history . He had the distinction of being one of only four players to beat Björn Borg at Wimbledon , knocking him out in the third round in 1974 ( the other three were John McEnroe , Roger Taylor and Arthur Ashe . ) El - Shafei won the 1964 Boys ' Singles tournament at Wimbledon . He is the son of Adli El Shafei and father of Adli El Shafei II.  - Björn Rune Borg (born 6 June 1956) is a Swedish former world No. 1 tennis player widely considered to be one of the greatest in tennis history. Between 1974 and 1981 he became the first male professional to win 11 Grand Slam open era singles titles: six at the French Open and five consecutive at Wimbledon. He also won three year-end championships and 15 Grand Prix Super Series titles.  - The French Open, often referred to as Roland Garros, is a major tennis tournament held over two weeks between late May and early June at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris, France. Named after the French aviator Roland Garros, it is the premier clay-court tennis championship event in the world and the second of four annual Grand Slam tournaments, the other three being the Australian Open, Wimbledon and the US Open. Roland Garros is the only Grand Slam event held on clay and ends the clay-court season.  - Wheelchair tennis is one of the forms of tennis adapted for those who have disabilities in their lower bodies. The size of courts, balls, and rackets are the same, but there are two major differences from pedestrian tennis; athletes use specially designed wheelchairs and the ball may bounce up to two times. The second bounce may also occur outside the court.  - The International Tennis Federation (ITF) is the governing body of world tennis, wheelchair tennis, and beach tennis. It was founded in 1913 as the International Lawn Tennis Federation by twelve national associations, and as of 2016, is affiliated with 211 national tennis associations and six regional associations.  - Arthur Robert Ashe, Jr. (July 10, 1943  February 6, 1993) was an American World No. 1 professional tennis player. He won three Grand Slam titles.    What entity does 'ismail el shafei' has the relation 'occupation' with?
Answer: