Answer: the Congo River into the Congo Free State. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: Heart of Darkness (1899) is a novella by Polish-English novelist Joseph Conrad, about a voyage up the Congo River into the Congo Free State, in the heart of Africa, by the story's narrator Charles Marlow. Marlow tells his story to friends aboard a boat anchored on the River Thames, London, England. This setting provides the frame for Marlow's story of his obsession with the ivory trader Kurtz, which enables Conrad to create a parallel between London and Africa as places of darkness.

Where does the heart of darkness take place?
CoT: To answer this question, we should know that: Heart of Darkness (1899) is a novella by Polish-English novelist Joseph Conrad, about a voyage up the Congo River into the Congo Free State, in the heart of Africa, by the story's narrator Charles Marlow.


Ans: The Kendalls
Ques: "Heaven's Just a Sin Away" is a song composed by Jerry Gillespie, which was recorded in 1977 by The Kendalls. Released in 1977, the song went to Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Singles (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It was the duo's first Top 40 entry on that chart, and the second single from the album Let the Music Play / Heaven's Just a Sin Away, released on Ovation. It also reached number 69 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Answer this question: who sang heaven is just a sin away?
CoT: The important part for answering this question is: "Heaven's Just a Sin Away" is a song composed by Jerry Gillespie, which was recorded in 1977 by The Kendalls.


Ans: commit a crime ; or knowledge that one 's action or lack of action would cause a crime to be committed
Ques: Mens rea (/ ˈmɛnz ˈriːə /; Law Latin for "guilty mind") is the mental element of a person's intention to commit a crime; or knowledge that one's action or lack of action would cause a crime to be committed. It is a necessary element of many crimes.

Answer this question: ​common law false pretenses mens rea requires the purpose or specific intent to?
CoT: The relevant information is: Mens rea (/ ˈmɛnz ˈriːə /; Law Latin for "guilty mind") is the mental element of a person's intention to commit a crime; or knowledge that one's action or lack of action would cause a crime to be committed.


Answer: music by Mercer Ellington and lyrics by Ted Persons. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: "Things Ai n't What They Used to Be" is a 1942 jazz standard with music by Mercer Ellington and lyrics by Ted Persons.

Answer this question based on the passage: who wrote things ain't what they used to be?
CoT: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: "Things Ai n't What They Used to Be" is a 1942 jazz standard with music by Mercer Ellington and lyrics by Ted Persons.


Ans: Michael Masser
Ques: "Theme from Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To)" is a song written by Michael Masser and Gerald Goffin, and initially recorded by American singer Thelma Houston in 1973, and then most notably by Diana Ross as the theme to the 1975 Motown / Paramount film Mahogany.

Who wrote the song do you know where you're going to?
CoT: The relevant sentence in the passage is: "Theme from Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To)" is a song written by Michael Masser and Gerald Goffin, and initially recorded by American singer Thelma Houston in 1973, and then most notably by Diana Ross as the theme to the 1975 Motown / Paramount film Mahogany.


Ans: three
