Given the question: Information:  - A regnal name, or reign name, is a name used by some monarchs and popes during their reigns, and used subsequently to refer to them. The term is simply the adjective "regnal", of or relating to a reign, monarch, or kingdom, modifying "name". Since ancient times, monarchs have frequently, but not always, chosen to use a different name from their original name when they accede to the monarchy. The regnal name is usually followed by a regnal number (ordinal), usually written as a Roman numeral (VI rather than 6), to provide a unique identification for that monarch among other monarchs of that realm. In some cases, the monarch has more than one regnal name, but the regnal number is based on only one of those names, for example Charles X Gustav of Sweden, George Tupou V of Tonga. If a monarch reigns in more than one realm, he or she may carry different ordinals in each one, as they are each assigned chronologically, and some realms may have had different numbers of rulers of the same regnal name previously. For example, the same person was both King James I of England (along with Ireland) and King James VI of Scotland.  - Drake Tungsten was the pseudonym that singer / songwriter Britt Daniel performed under from 1994 to 1996 as a solo artist .  - Austin is the capital of the U.S. state of Texas and the seat of Travis County. It is the city in the U.S. and the in Texas. It is the fastest growing city in the United States and the second most populated capital city after Phoenix, Arizona. As of the U.S. Census Bureau's July 1, 2015 estimate, Austin has a population of 931,830. Located in in the foothills of Texas Hill Country, the city is home to numerous lakes, rivers, and waterways including Lady Bird Lake, Barton Springs, McKinney Falls, the Colorado River, Lake Travis, and Lake Walter E. Long. It is the cultural and economic center of the metropolitan area, which had an estimated population of 2,064,149 as of June 1, 2016.  - John Britt Daniel (born April 14, 1971) is the co-founder, lead singer and guitarist of the Austin, Texas, rock band Spoon and the co-founder, guitarist, bassist, and singer of the band Divine Fits.  - A pseudonym (and ) or alias is a name that a person or group assumes for a particular purpose, which can differ from their original or true name (orthonym). Pseudonyms include stage names and user names (both called "screen names"), ring names, pen names, nicknames, aliases, superhero identities and code names, gamer identifications, and regnal names of emperors, popes, and other monarchs. Historically, they have often taken the form of anagrams, Graecisms, and Latinisations, although there are many other methods of choosing a pseudonym.  - The pope (from "pappas", a child's word for "father") is the Bishop of Rome and, therefore, the leader of the worldwide Catholic Church. The primacy of the Roman bishop is largely derived from his role as the traditional successor to Saint Peter, to whom Jesus is supposed to have given the keys of Heaven and the powers of "binding and loosing", naming him as the "rock" upon which the church would be built. The current pope is Francis, who was elected on 13 March 2013, succeeding Benedict XVI.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'drake tungsten' exhibits the relationship of 'date of birth'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1  - 14  - 1971  - 2  - 2013  - 6
The answer is: