By. Hugo Gye. The owner of a fairground ride which seriously injured two teenagers when it collapsed in mid-air has been ordered to pay a fine of more than £11,000. Conor Baker and Danny Keogh were celebrating finishing their GCSEs with a trip to the fair in Leicester when their carriage suddenly flipped off the ride. The schoolboys were both badly hurt in the accident in July 2012, with Danny spending four days in intensive care. Scroll down for video. Injured: Danny Keogh, left, and Conor Baker, right were hurt in a fairground accident in July 2012. Ride: The pair are pictured second left on the ride at a Leicester fairground. The Health and Safety Executive found that the ride had been poorly maintained in the run-up to the incident, and a court has now fined its owner William Roberts £11,620. Mr Roberts insisted that his rides were so safe that he let his own children use them - but it emerged that a customer had previously been electrocuted due to a malfunction on one of his rides. Conor and Danny were both 16 at the time of the accident at Leicester's Abbey Park, which was caught on camera by a horrified bystander. Video footage shows their carriage flip off the 'Mega Bounce Frog' ride, throwing Danny away and hurling Conor into the protective barrier. The ride - which was filled with children - continued to spin as onlookers screamed for it to stop. Falling: The moment the boys' carriage began to disconnect from the ride, throwing them out. Danny was treated in intensive care following extensive surgery for a collapsed lung, broken arm and deep wounds to his side, which required 88 staples. He also needed stitches in his tongue and chin. After his eight-day hospital ordeal, he told the local newspaper that he had feared for his life in the heat of the moment. 'I tried to remain as calm as possible because I thought to myself, 'There's no way I'm going to die on a fairground ride,'' he said. 'It sounds silly, but that thought drove me to try to stay alive.' He added: 'I'm never going to go on another fair ride as long as I live. I know I am lucky to be alive so I am not going to push it.' Conor suffered a broken nose, broken teeth, cuts to his face and a significant blow to the head. Agony: Conor was thrown into the protective barrier, smashing his nose and teeth. Horror: The boys said they thought they might die during the accident two years ago. An investigation by the HSE found that a clip and pin securing the car to its operating arm had fallen out, leading to the accident. Mr Roberts, from Manchester, was fined £6,500 and ordered to pay costs of £5,000 plus a £120 victim surcharge at Leicester Magistrates' Court yesterday after he admitted breaching health and safety regulations. Speaking after the hearing, HSE inspector Neil Ward said: 'The unsafe condition of the ride resulted in very serious injuries to two young men who had gone out to celebrate finishing their GCSE exams. 'The outcome could have been much worse. It was a horrifying and painful experience for Conor and Danny and extremely distressing for their families, friends and members of the public who witnessed the incident. 'The public rightly expects rides to be safe. The safety-critical defects identified on this machine were very troubling. The inconsistencies in the pin ends were obvious and the pins and clips were safety-critical components that should have been thoroughly checked on a daily basis.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: