Write highlights for this article:

Veterinary students have bared all for a nude  calendar, donning nothing but strategically placed animals - for charity, of course. Fourth year  students from the University of Sydney's veterinary science course in Camden, south-west of Sydney, stripped off their white coats to produce a tasteful 'Under the Overalls' calendar. The 10th annual student calendar features  shots of naked students posing with horses, cats, dogs and fish, which will raise funds for Greyhound Rescue. Scroll down for video. Fourth year students from University of Sydney's veterinary science course in Camden have stripped off for a nude calendar. The 2015 'Under the Overalls' calender will be the 10th annual student calendar featuring shots of naked students posing with various animals. Kara Altman, 21, one of the organisers and a vet student, told Daily Mail Australia that the students involved had lots of fun. 'It is hilarious - it starts off awkward but everyone gets into it and it is really fun. 'It's a really good bonding experience - it is our final year together so it is a great thing to do at the end of the year,' she said. This year students hope to see more people supporting the charity calendar, which in-turn will see more money being raised. 'It is hilarious - it starts off awkward but everyone gets into it and it is really fun,' Kara Altman, 21, one of the organisers of the calender said. The proceeds sold for each calendar will raise money for Greyhound Rescue. Ms Altman said they decided to better promote it  and raise more awareness among the wider community. 'We contacted the local paper and have a Facebook page,' Ms Altman told Daily Mail Australia. Ms Altman said around 24 people went 'Full Monty' at the veterinary farms at Werombi, in Sydney's south-west. She said this year the pictures of the naked students were done in a more professional and arty manner. About 24 people went 'Full Monty' at the veterinary farms at Werombi, in Sydney's south-west. 'Every year it is a charity nude calendar but this year it was a lot more professional - we had a lot more direction,' Ms Altman said. 'Every year it is a charity nude calendar but this year it was a lot more professional - we had a lot more direction. 'We hired a professional photography company called House of Cameo, so all the photos look great. 'We actually have our last group shoot tomorrow - we hope we will get even more people involved,' Ms Altman said. Although the shoot may have been tasteful, that did not stop the naked students from receiving a honk from a lecturer as he drove by. Ms Altman said that her favourite shot was the Christmas shot because 'nearly everyone was involved' The calendar includes group shots of the naked students and only one of the shots had one person. 'My favourite is the group Christmas shot because nearly everyone was involved and it was a really relaxed  shot - it was really nice,' Ms Altman said. Although the shoot may have been tasteful, that did not stop the naked students from receiving a honk from a car driving past - it was a lecturer. The calender costs $20 and 200 inital copies will be ready in two weeks. The photographs were taken over the course of a week in October. The calender costs $20 and will be ready in two weeks. There will be 200 prints initially, but students hope there will be a higher demand. To purchase a Under the Overalls calendar go to: https://www.facebook.com/undertheoveralls.

Highlights: