News article: ZTE's Smart Phone Ambitions

Chinese telecom giant ZTE has long sought a bigger slice of the American cellphone market. This year, it may finally break through with the introduction of higher-end devices.

"We are focusing our resources on the high tier," says George Sun, chief executive of ZTE USA, the Texas-based subsidiary of China's ZTE Corp. That means more investments in smart phones and, possibly, Qwerty keyboard handsets, according to Sun.

It's a new direction for the company, which has carved out a niche providing low-cost phones to regional carriers. ZTE's best-selling U.S. handset is a slim flip phone called the C79 that MetroPCS sells for $149. Its other U.S. phone, the C78, is a bright purple candy bar-shaped handset that MetroPCS offers for $119.

Affordable pricing is still an important part of ZTE USA's DNA, says Sun. But its parent company's global ambitions--it aims to be the No. 3 handset maker by 2014, up from No. 6 today--have redirected ZTE USA's attention to large operators like Sprint (nyse: S - news - people ), Verizon (nyse: VZ - news - people ) Wireless and AT&T.

Sun hints that his firm is in talks with all three. ZTE's planned move to Dallas, near the AT&T (nyse: T - news - people ) headquarters, should forge stronger bonds between the two companies, he says. ZTE already has a close relationship with Sprint after producing devices for the company's WiMax network last year, he adds.

An alliance with Verizon could come soon. Sun says ZTE USA is developing dual-mode devices that would switch seamlessly between third generation (3G) and fourth generation (4G) technology. "In the U.S., there is strong demand for a [3G] CDMA and [4G] LTE device," Sun says. "It's highly likely these products will be announced this year." Verizon is the only U.S. carrier that could support such a device.

In the super-competitive mobile market, winning over the big carriers requires more than a friendly approach or the right technology. That's why ZTE USA is turning to more advanced phones. "U.S. consumers look for rich multimedia functions and high quality above everything else," Sun says.

Parent ZTE already offers smart phones powered by Microsoft's (nasdaq: MSFT - news - people ) Windows Mobile software in China. Sun says it's "highly possible" ZTE USA will announce a smart phone later this year.

It's a strategy that other Asian manufacturers, such as Taiwan's HTC, have pioneered. Like HTC, ZTE is trying to build up its brand by asking U.S. carriers to allow a ZTE logo on its phones. Moving into the top three handset makers will require some fresh moves, along with stunning phones, brilliant marketing and close operator relationships. For now, ZTE is training its sights on the No. 5 slot, currently occupied by a struggling Motorola (nyse: MOT - news - people ). "The gap between No. 6 and No. 5 has shrunk dramatically," Sun says. "It's highly possible we could move up."

The scheme is partly a reflection of the economy. Traditionally, ZTE has focused most of its resources on its fast-growing wireless infrastructure unit. But with the economy squeezing infrastructure contracts, the company is trying to play up its handset business. Sun says ZTE USA is still growing, despite the downturn. ZTE plans to break out its subsidiary's results for the first time when it releases its 2008 annual report at the end of the month.

Korea's Pantech Rings Up U.S. Sales
What are the most important parts of this news article?