In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

If the interviewer uses your name throughout the interview, this can be a positive sign. Not only does this show that the interviewer has taken the time to learn your name, but it also indicates a friendly and positive rapport.  If you notice that the interviewer is not using your name, you may find ways to remind them. For instance, if you are asked a question concerning one of your personal shortcomings, you can say something like: "My former supervisor would always say, 'Katie, your perfectionism is both a blessing and a curse." Reminding them of your name may help the memory of you to stick. One great sign that they’d like to bring you on board is if they show you around the office and introduce you to the team. They wouldn’t waste their employees' time by introducing them to someone who wasn’t a serious contender. At the same time, they may be looking to get the employees’ opinions on you. So know that this is a great sign, but keep your game face on.  Aim for a jovial, yet professional tone. It is a very good sign to be meeting the team; go ahead and let your excitement show. Does it feel as if your interviewer is just robotically moving down a list of questions? Does this interview feel entirely scripted? Although most interviews will have an underlying script, if an interview is going well, it is likely you’ll move off the grid. If an interview feels very scripted, or if it seems like your interviewer is simply going through the motions, this can be a negative sign.  If your interviewer is going through the motions, try to engage them and help snap them into the moment. Keep in mind that interviews can be performed by a variety of different people, some of whom may not be comfortable in doing interviews, so they rely heavily on the script. Some methods for achieving this include: making a tasteful joke, engaging in direct eye contact, and calling your interviewer by name. Any of these (or other methods you may come up with) might break the monotony for your interviewer and cause you to stand out. Examples of good body language include things like nodding the head or leaning in towards you slightly. A nice strong handshake can also be a good sign. Look for instances of positive body language from your interviewer, as this can indicate how they feel about you.  Be aware of your own body language! People tend to mirror each other so smile, speak softly and clearly, and project enthusiasm. Keep eye contact even if the interviewer turns away. Use positive body language toward your interviewer to indicate that you like them, and that you are truly interested in the job. Most interviews will involve some form of "Q and A" section, where they ask invite you to ask any questions you have, and then answer them. If your interviewer spends a lot of time and energy on this section (and if they seem invested), this indicates that they want to sell you on the job. This can be a good sign.  Of course, in order for this work, you must have plenty of questions! Spend some time preparing questions before you head to your interview. You will want to ask questions about the job, the requirements and expectations, the company, the atmosphere and people, and finally, when they will be making a decision. Through your questions, show that you are already know a thing or two about the job and company, as well as the fact that you are invested in making sure this is a good fit.

Summary: