In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

If your plant is an air bromeliad, you probably purchased it attached to driftwood or another object, placed in a pot that contained pure bark or rocks instead of soil or potting mix, or by itself with no attachment at all. These plants draw moisture and nutrients from the air around them. They are especially hardy compared to other bromeliads, but you should keep an eye out to deal with problems early. Most air bromeliads cannot draw moisture or nutrients through the roots at all, and only need to be placed in dry bark so it has crevices to attach to and hold itself upright. Smaller varieties can even be attached to driftwood, pebbles, or other objects.  Before placing on object under your bromeliad, if you suspect it has been exposed to saltwater, immerse the object in distilled water or rainwater for two weeks, changing the water frequently. Some bromeliads sold as air bromeliads may have more extensive root systems, either because they are larger and require more support, or because they can draw moisture from both air and water. Plant these in a mix of 1 part perlite and 2 parts bromeliad potting mix, and occasionally moisten around the base of the plant if the leaves look dry. Air bromeliads tend to originate in desert environments and can take more sunlight than other varieties, but this is not true of every species. Keep it in front of an east- or north-facing window for indirect sunlight, or move it to a west- or south-facing window for full sun and keep a close eye out for dry leaves.  Most air bromeliads are small and thus make easy indoor plants, but they can be kept outside. They tend to be hardier than other varieties, but will do best in warm weather and should be brought inside before the frost hits. If you are in the Southern Hemisphere, the south-facing window will get indirect sunlight, and the north-facing one receives direct sunlight. You may also need to adjust to a different window if there are hills or a mountain slope nearby. See Troubleshooting for signs your plant has too little or too much sun exposure. Air bromeliads require extra moisture from the air. Use a spray bottle to mist the surface of the plant once every few days. It may require misting daily or every other day if kept in an arid indoor environment or during a dry season.  Do not water the base of the plant unless another step tells you to in specific situations. Air bromeliads do not primarily use its roots to draw up water, and standing water could cause them to rot. Use distilled or bottled water in the sprayer for the best results. Bromeliads grow slowly and do not typically require fertilizer. If you want to encourage blooming or rapid growth, you can attempt to fertilize it infrequently, no more than once every two weeks at the very most. Air plants can only be fertilized using liquid fertilizer, since they do not draw nutrients through their roots. Always dilute one part liquid fertilizer with one to three parts water before spraying. When your bromeliad eventually flowers, which can take years and last several months, it will produce "pups", or young buds. Use a disinfected knife to cut off dead flowers or spiky flower-supporting structures when they become unattractive, and to remove the buds when they have grown for several months or the plant begins to die. Disinfect the blade with rubbing alcohol before cutting and take care not to injure the main plant body.

Summary: