Information:  - `` Amnesia '' is an 8 - page comic by Al Columbia . It was published in the twentieth issue ( September / October 1997 ) of Zero Zero .  - The Comics Journal, often abbreviated TCJ, is an American magazine of news and criticism pertaining to comic books, comic strips and graphic novels. Known for its lengthy interviews with comic creators, pointed editorials and scathing reviews of the products of the mainstream comics industry, the magazine promotes the view that comics are a fine art meriting broader cultural respect, and thus should be evaluated with higher critical standards.  - Alan Moore (born 18 November 1953) is an English writer primarily known for his work in comic books including "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" and "From Hell". Frequently described as the best graphic novel writer in history, he has been widely recognised by his peers and by critics. He has occasionally used such pseudonyms as Curt Vile, Jill de Ray, Translucia Baboon, and The Original Writer.  - Tundra Publishing was a Northampton, Massachusetts-based comic book publisher founded by Kevin Eastman in 1990.  - A cartoonist (also comic strip creator) is a visual artist who specializes in drawing cartoons. This work is often created for entertainment, political commentary, or advertising. Cartoonists may work in many formats, such as animation, booklets, comic strips, comic books, editorial cartoons, graphic novels, manuals, gag cartoons, graphic design, illustrations, storyboards, posters, shirts, books, advertisements, greeting cards, magazines, newspapers, and video game packaging.  - Al Columbia is an American cartoonist. Career. "Big Numbers" controversy. At the age of 18 Columbia was hired to assist Bill Sienkiewicz in illustrating Alan Moore's ambitious "Big Numbers" series. When Sienkiewicz withdrew from the series in 1990 after the release of the first two issues, Moore and his backers at Tundra Publishing asked the young Columbia to become its sole artist. In 1992, with no more issues released, Columbia himself left the project under a cloud of rumors and accusations, including claims that he had destroyed his own artwork for "Big Numbers" #4. Columbia declined to address the subject publicly for several years, writing in a 1998 letter to "The Comics Journal" that "I could easily launch into a tirade about the extensive horror of my Tundra experience, but I much prefer the very entertaining and conflicting accounts already in circulation." In later statements he confirmed that he destroyed his artwork but disputed other claims by the principal figures in the fiasco.  - Boleslav William Felix Robert "Bill" Sienkiewicz (pronounced "sin-KEV-itch"; born May 3, 1958) is an Eisner Award-winning American artist and writer best known for his comic book work, primarily for Marvel Comics' "The New Mutants" and "". Sienkiewicz often utilizes oil painting, collage, mimeograph, and other forms generally uncommon in comic books.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'amnesia ' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - age  - art  - bill  - book  - cloud  - comic  - commentary  - controversy  - criticism  - design  - drawing  - editorial  - entertainment  - fine  - industry  - journal  - letter  - magazine  - may  - news  - november  - oil painting  - painting  - principal  - publishing  - series  - work  - writing
The answer to this question is: