Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information is: While the majority of the film is set in Santa Barbara, California, most of the filming -- including nearly all of the interiors -- took place in New York City.
Q: Passage: While the majority of the film is set in Santa Barbara, California, most of the filming -- including nearly all of the interiors -- took place in New York City. Principal photography began on February 18, 2009 at the Broadway Stages in the Brooklyn borough, where the interior scenes of Jane's house were shot. Several other key locations were used during the first portion of filming in New York, including Picnic House, a large, studio-sized structure in Brooklyn's Prospect Park, where Jane's bakery was built inside; the facilities at Sarabeth's Bakery in the Chelsea Market; and a commercial loft building in New York's Chelsea district, where scenes at Adam's architecture office were filmed in. As Martin was soon to embark on a concert tour to promote The Crow: New Songs for the Five-String Banjo (2009), his schedule required the team to complete shooting his scenes during the first two months of filming.

Question: Based on this passage, where was the movie it's complicated filmed?
A: New York City

Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information to answer the above question is: Fiddler on the Roof is a 1971 American musical comedy-drama film produced and directed by Norman Jewison.
Q: Fiddler on the Roof is a 1971 American musical comedy-drama film produced and directed by Norman Jewison. It is an adaptation of the 1964 Broadway musical of the same name, with music composed by Jerry Bock, lyrics by Sheldon Harnick, and screenplay by Joseph Stein. Starring Topol, Norma Crane, Leonard Frey, Molly Picon, and Paul Mann, the film centers on Tevye, the father of five daughters, and his attempts to maintain his Jewish religious and cultural traditions as outside influences encroach upon the family's lives. He must cope both with the strong-willed actions of his three older daughters, who wish to marry for love -- each one's choice of a husband moves further away from the customs of his faith -- and with the edict of the Tsar that evicts the Jews from the town of Anatevka. Throughout the film, Tevye breaks the fourth wall by talking directly to the audience as well as to God. In addition to the difficulties of being poor, Tevye speaks of the Jewish community's constant fear of harassment from their non-Jewish neighbors.

Based on this passage, what year was fiddler on the roof made?
A: 1971

Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information is: The International Labour Organization (ILO), which will mark its centenary in 2019, is a United Nations agency dealing with labour issues, particularly international labour standards, social protection, and work opportunities for all.
Q: The International Labour Organization (ILO), which will mark its centenary in 2019, is a United Nations agency dealing with labour issues, particularly international labour standards, social protection, and work opportunities for all. The ILO has 187 member states: 186 of the 193 UN member states plus the Cook Islands are members of the ILO.

Answer this question: what is the full form of i l o?
A: The International Labour Organization

Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information is: The character is portrayed by Gwyneth Paltrow in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Iron Man, Iron Man 2, The Avengers, Iron Man 3 and Spider-Man: Homecoming.
