Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor and Becky Barrow. PUBLISHED:. 06:32 EST, 13 November 2012. |. UPDATED:. 05:03 EST, 14 November 2012. The crippling rise in university tuition fees has fuelled the biggest increase in the cost of living for more than a year, official figures revealed yesterday. Inflation jumped to 2.7 per cent in October, up from 2.2 per cent in September. This means it has been above the Government target of two per cent since November 2009, when it stood at 1.9 per cent. The Consumer Prices Index rate of inflation rose to 2.7 per cent - a bigger-than-expected increase after falling steadily since June. The rise of nearly 20 per cent in. education costs helped push up the figure, said the Office for National. Statistics. It is the largest monthly increase in this category since. its records began in 1996. Tuition fees rose to up to £9,000 a year from September. Andrew Goodwin, of accountants’ Ernst. & Young’s ITEM Club, said the sharp rise in the Consumer Price. Index was ‘a very nasty surprise’ at a time when Britons are still. suffering a squeeze on their incomes. The ONS figures also showed that the price of essentials was still rising. Between September and October,. clothes and shoes cost 1.2 per cent more and food jumped 0.5 per cent,. with the rise blamed mainly on meat, fish, fruit and sugar. The cost of living has risen sharply, fuelled by increases in food prices and the trebling of tuition fees. The Treasury said the figures were. ‘disappointing’ as experts predicted the Consumer Prices Index would. break through three per cent by the New Year. Inflation had been steadily falling in recent months after peaking at 5.2 per cent in September 2011. But the rate of rises in prices. continues to outstrip pay increases for those in work, leaving millions. of families worse off every month in real terms. The ONS said education costs jumped by 19.1 per cent last month - the largest increase since records began. It follows the government’s decision to increase tuition fees from £3,375 to up to £9,000. The decision to increase tuition fees to £9,000, which triggered angry protests and clashes between students and police, has fuelled a sharp rise in inflation. Terrible. weather this summer has blighted crops, in particular potatoes and. carrot harvests. As a result food prices have risen sharply. Since. last month’s most of the big energy firms have announced major. increases in prices which are likely to bump up inflation in the coming. weeks and months. Some experts think CPI could reach 3.5 per cent by the middle of next year. James Knightley, an economist at ING Bank, said he expected inflation to rise to 3 per cent by January.Economist Samuel Tombs, of Capital Economics, said the inflation data provides an ‘uncomfortable backdrop’ to the Bank of England’s inflation report tomorrow. ‘Nonetheless, we still think that the weakness of economic activity will bring inflation down further in time,’ he added. This week the government managed to quell a rebellion from Tory backbenchers over a planned 3p rise in fuel duty with a promise that more help for hard-pressed families will be announced in next month's autumn budget. Catherine McKinnell, Labour’s shadow treasury minister, said: ‘This is a worrying increase in the inflation rate. But instead of easing the squeeze, the Government is adding to the cost of living crisis for people on low and middle incomes.’