Following their close win against the Giants, the Redskins played an inter-conference duel with the nearby Baltimore Ravens, looking to extend their winning streak to four games, while simultaneously snapping a six-game losing streak to AFC opponents. The Redskins possessed the ball first, and struck first, as quarterback Robert Griffin III found wide receiver Josh Morgan in the end zone or a 7-0 lead. Less than 3 minutes later, however, Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco connected with receiver Anquan Boldin to even the score at 7-all. Washington would quickly respond again, this time by way of an Alfred Morris 1-yard touchdown run. In the second, Flacco again found Boldin, this time from 31 yards away, to even the scoring again at 14-all. On Washington's ensuing possession, Alfred Morris fumbled, Baltimore recovered, and Flacco found tight end Dennis Pitta from 19 yards out for his 3rd TD pass of the half, and the Ravens went into the halftime locker room with a 21-14 edge as Washington could not answer in the quarter. In the third, Baltimore was able to sustain a drive, but turned the ball over in the red zone, which Washington converted into a Kai Forbath 48-yard field goal to cut the score to 21-17. Baltimore would again turn the ball over, and Washington would again convert the Ravens miscue into a Forbath field goal, this one from 49 yards away. In the fourth, Baltimore was able to again sustain a drive, but this time did not turn the ball over, instead Ravens star running back Ray Rice found the endzone, and Baltimore took a 28-20 advantage with just over four minutes remaining. On the ensuing kickoff, new Redskins kick returner Niles Paul, filling in for a deactivated Brandon Banks, fumbled at his own 15, and the ball appeared to be recovered by Baltimore, but upon replay review, was ruled to have recovered out-of-bounds, thus possession remained with Washington. On a 2nd down play, Griffin III scrambled, but was hit by Ravens defensive lineman Haloti Ngata, and his leg snapped awkwardly. He was helped off the field, and fellow backup rookie Kirk Cousins stepped in. Cousins threw an incomplete pass intended for Pierre Gar&#231;on, but pass interference was called on Baltimore, granting Washington a first down. Griffin III then returned to the game, and got Washington into Baltimore's red zone, but had to depart again after being called for intentional grounding with under a minute remaining. Cousins stepped back in, however, and connected with Garcon for a 6-yard score with 29 seconds remaining, cutting Baltimore's advantage to 28-26. Needing a two-point conversion, Washington ran a quarterback draw, Cousins reached the end zone, and the game was even at 28-all with 29 seconds remaining. Baltimore opted to settle for overtime, and knelt down to end regulation. In overtime, Baltimore got the ball first, and went three-and-out, punter Sam Koch then punted to Redskins punt returner Richard Crawford, who, like Paul, was filling in for a deactivated Banks. Crawford found a hole and returned the ball 64 yards. Washington then sealed the deal when Kai Forbath connected on his third field goal of the day, this time from 34 yards away, to seal the comeback victory 31-28. With the win, the Redskins improved to 7-6, and 1-0 in overtime, as well as snapping a six-game losing streak to AFC teams. Washington's win also matched their longest win streak since 2008.

Based on the above article, answer a question. How many passes did Boldin catch?