a: To answer the question, consider the following: Steinman wrote all of the songs, most of which are songs from the Bat Out of Hell trilogy of albums by Meat Loaf including Bat Out of Hell, II: Back into Hell and III: The Monster is Loose.
Meat Loaf
q: Bat Out of Hell is a rock musical written by Jim Steinman based on the album of the same name. Steinman wrote all of the songs, most of which are songs from the Bat Out of Hell trilogy of albums by Meat Loaf including Bat Out of Hell, II: Back into Hell and III: The Monster is Loose. The musical is a loose retelling of Peter Pan and Wendy, set in post-apocalyptic Manhattan (now named "Obsidian"), and follows Strat, the forever young leader of The Lost who has fallen in love with Raven, daughter of Falco, the tyrannical ruler of Obsidian.

Who's music is the bat out of hell based on?

a: The important part for answering this question is: It lies a few miles seaward of the Florida Keys, is about 4 miles (6 to 7 km) wide and extends (along the 20 meter depth contour) 270 km (170 mi) from Fowey Rocks just east of Soldier Key to just south of the Marquesas Keys.
a few miles seaward of the Florida Keys
q: The Florida Reef (also known as the Great Florida Reef, Florida reefs, Florida Reef Tract and Florida Keys Reef Tract) is the only living coral barrier reef in the continental United States. It is the third largest coral barrier reef system in the world (after the Great Barrier Reef and Belize Barrier Reef). It lies a few miles seaward of the Florida Keys, is about 4 miles (6 to 7 km) wide and extends (along the 20 meter depth contour) 270 km (170 mi) from Fowey Rocks just east of Soldier Key to just south of the Marquesas Keys. The barrier reef tract forms a great arc, concentric with the Florida Keys, with the northern end, in Biscayne National Park, oriented north-south and the western end, south of the Marquesas Keys, oriented east-west. The rest of the reef outside Biscayne National Park lies within John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park and the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary. Isolated coral patch reefs occur northward from Biscayne National Park as far as Stuart, in Martin County. Coral reefs are also found in Dry Tortugas National Park west of the Marquesas Keys. There are more than 6,000 individual reefs in the system. The reefs are 5,000 to 7,000 years old, having developed since sea levels rose following the Wisconsinan glaciation.

Answer this question: where are the coral reefs located in florida?

a: The important part for answering this question is: The Human Rights Act 1998 (c42) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which received Royal Assent on 9 November 1998, and mostly came into force on 2 October 2000.
2 October 2000
q: The Human Rights Act 1998 (c42) is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which received Royal Assent on 9 November 1998, and mostly came into force on 2 October 2000. Its aim was to incorporate into UK law the rights contained in the European Convention on Human Rights. The Act makes a remedy for breach of a Convention right available in UK courts, without the need to go to the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) in Strasbourg.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did the human rights act come into force?

a: To answer this question, we should know that: He is best known for playing Gary Preston in the sitcom Miranda (2009 -- 2015) and Lucifer Morningstar in the television series Lucifer (2016 --).
Thomas John Ellis
q: