By. Simon Boyle. PUBLISHED:. 17:05 EST, 23 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 15:25 EST, 28 November 2013. We've seen countless examples of them from Rihanna, Cara Delevingne, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry .  .  . and even the Pope. But as these pictures show, supermodel Yasmin Le Bon has added an extra-large helping of glamour to the ‘selfie’ fad – employing a lighting rig, a top-of- the-range camera and all the other trimmings of a fashion shoot – to take the ultimate self-portrait. The selfie – defined as ‘a photograph that one has taken of oneself’ – has taken off to such a degree in 2013 that the term was last week named Word of the Year by the Oxford English Dictionary. Yasmin does the ultimate selfie by styling and taking the photos herself with a professional camera. And as one of most photographed women in the world, Mrs Le Bon, wife  of Duran Duran frontman Simon, was clearly determined to go one better than Lady Gaga and Co with her example of how it should be done. With a Vivienne Westwood cape draped around her shoulders in one shot, dramatic make-up and spotlights to accentuate her high cheekbones and seemingly never-ending legs, the 49-year-old still managed to press the button to take  selfies that put all other smartphone and tablet efforts to shame. Mrs Le Bon is close friends with Miranda Hart who is the guest editor of the magazine's 200th edition. The supermodel organised the extravagant shoot after being asked to photograph herself by Miranda Hart as part of a feature in a special 200th edition of Stylist magazine, which the comedy star is guest-editing. Mrs Le Bon and Ms Hart are close friends, having attended a number of charity functions in recent years. Other celebrities who helped out for the milestone issue include TV chef Nigella Lawson, artist Tracey Emin and athlete Jessica Ennis-Hill. Last Tuesday ‘selfie’ beat other shortlisted words to become the defining word of 2013. It faced competition from ‘twerk’, the raunchy dance routine performed – to the fury of concerned parents – by singer Miley Cyrus at the MTV video awards in August, and the online-only currency ‘bitcoin’. Others considered by editors included ‘showrooming’, the practice of browsing in shops before leaving and buying the same products online, and ‘binge-watch’, a term used to describe viewing all episodes of a television series in one sitting. Previous winners of the defining word title include ‘chav’ in 2004 and ‘credit-crunch’ in 2008. Richard Holden, editor of Oxford Dictionaries Online explained: ‘Like  a lot of words, selfie has got a much longer history than you might imagine. ‘The first evidence we could find of it was from 2002 in an internet forum post in Australia. Someone posted a pictures of themselves after a drunken fall  and wrote, “Apologies for the quality, it’s a selfie.” Miranda Hart has roped in 28 famous friends to help her guest edit the latest edition of Stylist Magazine. ‘Although it has been around for a few years in social media, in the past year we have found a 17,000 per cent increase in usage in our monitoring, as it’s gone from being something mainly used in social media to something that hits the mainstream. Word of the Year is not just  about pure frequency, it’s about whether it captures something about the year – whether it’s iconic.’ Editors are now considering including ‘selfie’ in the next print edition of the Oxford English Dictionary after adding it to the web version.
What are the important parts of this article?