The palace has issued an appeal to world media not to publish unauthorised images of the two-year-old, who is third in line to the throne.
Some paparazzi had gone to "extreme lengths" to take pictures and "a line has been crossed", the palace said.
It wants to "inform discussion" on unauthorised photography of children.
The palace said a small number of media organisations, mostly in Germany, France, Australia, New Zealand and the US, had published photos of Prince George in "unacceptable circumstances".
However it said the "vast majority", and all UK publications, had refused.
The palace says in recent months, photographers have:
It said the most recent incident, which was last week, involved a photographer who was discovered by police lying down in the boot of a rented car attempting to shoot photos outside a children's play area.
Nicholas Witchell, BBC royal correspondent
The palace hopes that by drawing attention to the way in which these photographs are being obtained, the readerships of these magazines will bring pressure to bear on the publishers to stop printing them.
It says it wants to instigate a "public discussion" which will help publishers of what they call "unauthorised photos of children" to understand their responsibilities better.
But is it realistic to expect the few publishers who rely of these photos to put principle before profit?
That remains to be seen.
Why paparazzi present problem for royals
Kensington Palace tweeted: "The Duke and Duchess want to extend their thanks for the kind and supportive messages they have received in recent months.
"They have been delighted to share photos of their children and will continue to do so in the months and years ahead.
"Yet undercover paparazzi continue to pursue their children, selling images of Prince George to international publications."
In the published letter, Kensington Palace communications secretary Jason Knauf said the prince had become the paparazzi's "number one target".
He said: "It is of course upsetting that such tactics - reminiscent as they are of past surveillance by groups intent on doing more than capturing images - are being deployed to profit from the image of a two-year-old boy.
"In a heightened security environment such tactics are a risk to all involved.
"The worry is that it will not always be possible to quickly distinguish between someone taking photos and someone intending to do more immediate harm."
Mr Knauf said the duke and duchess wanted Prince George and his sister Princess Charlotte "to be free to play in public and semi-public spaces with other children without being photographed".
They want to give their children a childhood that is "free from harassment and surveillance", he said.
Paddy Harverson, former communications secretary to the Duke of Cambridge, said: "Just imagine if everywhere you went and when you took the children out to playgrounds, there were men carrying cameras, they were hiding.
"Often they don't know they're there until they see the photographs later in magazines, which are published abroad."
The Metropolitan Police said in a statement: "The covert actions of photographers have at times caused concerns during police protection operations when they have been considered a possible security threat.
"Photographers are potentially putting themselves at risk from armed intervention where our armed officers perceive a risk to the personal safety of their principal, the public and themselves."
What is a summary of this text?