Here is an article:

The creature scuttled off as a horrified mum and her son called the RSPCA for help

A SCORPION “as fast as Usain Bolt” is on the loose in a block of flats – after disappearing into the night when it was spotted by a horrified mum getting ready for bed.

Emma Chadwick says she was stunned when she discovered the Emperor scorpion scuttling around her kitchen in Manchester.

It’s believed it may have got into the building undiscovered by hiding inside someone’s holiday luggage.

Now the Century Buildings caretaker has been warned residents not to approach the creature – which grows to six inches – but to call for help instead.

It was almost snared at around 11.30pm on Monday night when a frantic Emma called the concierge.

But as the pair attempted to capture it, the scorpion bolted.

It might sting if surprised and feels threatened.

Emma said: “My son Cyrus was back from university when he came into tell me at about 11.30pm that he saw a scorpion in the kitchen – that’s not something you expect to hear.

“We tried to get it, but it was like the Usain Bolt of scorpions and it ran off under the kitchen cupboards before we could get to it.

“We were completely stunned and didn’t know what to do so we ended up calling the RSPCA and the police.”

But when an RSPCA officer came out the next morning, the scorpion was nowhere to be found.

Emma, 45, told the Manchester Evening News: “The brave lady from the RSPCA came and took the skirting boards away but couldn’t find it.

“She said there is no nest so hopefully it’s just the one.

“We were told to put flour down so they could track it’s movements if it came back out.

A letter from the concierge was quickly sent out to residents living in building – warning them not to handle the creature.

It reads: “A scorpion has been seen in an apartment in the building.

“The RSPCA have attended and have been unable to find the animal.

“It is possible that it has left the flat so the following advice has been given by the RSPCA.

“The scorpion is about one and a half inches long. It will scurry away if approached and only might sting if surprised and feels threatened.

Emperor scorpions live until they are around eight years old.

They are a large breed, growing up to six inches long. They are black (with green or brown hues) and are armed with a set of pedipalps – better known as “claws”. Their sting is similar to a bee sting in that it is painful, but medical attention is not usually necessary. They are known for pinching people with their pedipalps too – and this is also quite painful. Because of this, it is advised not to handle them. In the wild, scorpions eat a variety of invertebrates (insects, other arthropods) and vertebrates including small lizards. In captivity, they usually eat crickets, mixed with other insects including mealworms and moths. When scorpions breed, the young are called Scorplings. The gestation period can last from 7 to 9 months to double that much and there are normally around 12-30 young born at a time.

“The RSPCA officer believes it will have entered the building in somebody’s holiday luggage.”

Residents are being warned not to handle the scorpion if found but should instead cover it with a tub and contact the RSPCA on 0300 1234 999.

Anyone stung by the creature should seek immediate medical advice.

We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368

Write a title for it.