Information:  - The Young and the Restless (often abbreviated as Y&R) is an American television soap opera created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. The show is set in a fictional Wisconsin town called Genoa City, which is unlike and unrelated to the real life village of the same name, Genoa City, Wisconsin. First broadcast on March 26, 1973, "The Young and the Restless" was originally broadcast as half-hour episodes, five times a week. The show expanded to one-hour episodes on February 4, 1980. In 2006, the series began airing encore episodes weeknights on SOAPnet until 2013, when "Y&R" moved to TVGN (now Pop). Pop still airs the encore episodes on weeknights, starting July 1, 2013. The series is also syndicated internationally.  - Loreley "Lee" June Phillip Bell (born June 10, 1928) is a former talk show host and soap opera creator.  - Eric Freiwald ( September 24 , 1927 -- January 29 , 2010 ) was an American TV writer scripting the daytime television serial , The Young and the Restless .  - Daytime television is a television genre which features television programming traditionally produced and scheduled to air between the hours of 9 a.m. (at the end of morning show-type programming) and 5 p.m. (when local news and the early fringe of primetime begins). It can also be defined as television programs that are broadcast before the watershed period, and therefore is subject to censorship.  - CBS (an initialism of the network's former name, the Columbia Broadcasting System) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of CBS Corporation. The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City (at the CBS Broadcast Center) and Los Angeles (at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center).  - Soapnet (stylized as SOAPnet) was an American basic cable and satellite television channel that was owned by the Disney-ABC Television Group division of The Walt Disney Company.   - A television program is a segment of content intended for broadcast on over-the-air, cable television, or Internet television, other than a commercial, trailer, or any other segment of content not serving as attraction for viewership. It may be a single production, or more commonly, a series of related productions (also called a television series or a television show).  - In journalism, local news refers to coverage of events, by the news, in a local context that wouldn't be an interest of another locality, or otherwise be of national or international scope.  - William Joseph "Bill" Bell (March 6, 1927  April 29, 2005) was an American screenwriter and television producer, best known as the creator of the soap operas "Another World", "The Young and the Restless" and "The Bold and the Beautiful".  - A soap opera, soap, or soapie, is a serial drama on television or radio that examines the lives of many characters, usually focusing on emotional relationships to the point of melodrama. The term "soap opera" originated from such dramas being typically sponsored by soap manufacturers in the past.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'eric freiwald' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - commercial  - journalism  - major  - opera  - producer  - programming  - r  - radio  - screenwriter  - talk show host  - television
The answer to this question is: