Article:

ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 Talk about hedging your bets. 
  
 While some might put their money on both the Broncos and Seahawks this weekend, a 64-year-old Republican congressional candidate is putting himself and his money into not one, but four races at the same time. Allan Levene is running for the House of Representatives in his home state of Georgia -- as well as Michigan, Minnesota and Hawaii. 
  
 While Levene's plan is unorthodox, it also seems to be legal. 
  
 The Constitution says a person elected to the House must be a resident of the state they will represent when elected, but says nothing about the primaries. So, Levene's logic goes, he doesn't have to pick one race unless and until he wins a primary. 
  
 Levene's reasoning is simple: he wants to be a member of Congress and feels he is too old to follow a traditional path by working his way up in local government. A naturalized citizen originally from England, he told FoxNews.com he feels compelled to serve. 
  
 “I have such a debt to this country, a debt of gratitude to the United States for taking me in and letting me become a citizen about 40 years ago that I have to repay it,” he said. “I just have to.” 
  
 Though his plan certainly risks turning off voters in the states where he does not live, Levene said he got the idea when he was studying the Constitution and realized it was legal. 
  
 “The Founding Fathers wrote in the Constitution -- they didn't really understand you could fly from state to state because people couldn't really travel before, they could only really focus on one state where they lived,” he said. “Times have changed so I am running in four states.” 
  
 First up on Levene’s agenda is his home state, Georgia, where he is running to replace GOP Rep. Phil Gingrey in the state's 11th District. Gingrey announced last year he will seek the Republican nomination for Senate in the race to replace GOP Sen. Saxby Chambliss. 
  
 The 11th district is holding its open primary in May, three months earlier than the other states where Levene is running. Levene says he is focusing on that race for now, but if he is does not win the primary he will turn his focus to the other three. 
  
 One of the main issues Levene is running on is jobs. He said he wants to reduce the corporate tax rate to zero, with the hopes of bringing manufacturing jobs back to the U.S. and creating a “tax haven” for overseas businesses. He also has a proposal he says will stop overspending in Congress by forcing incumbents out of office. His plan would allow lawmakers to be in office no more than eight years or nix their pensions. 
  
 All four of the districts Levene is running in are districts in which the incumbent is not seeking another term. Levene says he chose them for various reasons, but does not feel the fact he does not live in them should impact his electability. 
  
 “I can represent the public no matter where I live,” he said. 
  
 However, K. Mark Takai, a Hawaii state representative running as a Democrat in the same race for Hawaii's 1st district, is skeptical of that claim. Takai told FoxNews.com while he respects Levene's right to run in multiple states as long as it's legal, he finds his strategy a "bit odd" and is not sure it will resonate with Hawaiians. 
  
 “It’s the heart of democracy. The heart of representative government (is) you want someone to represent you who represents your community and its people," Takai said. 
  
 However, Levene says he is already garnering strong interest in Hawaii and some interest in Michigan, because his ideas are ones that resonate across state lines. 
  
 “People are people everywhere, and they are all interested in the same thing,” he said. ||||| Allan Levene isn’t absolutely convinced of his chances in the GOP race for the congressional seat now held by U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey of Marietta. 
  
 So the Kennesaw resident has hit on what he thinks is a unique strategy to increase the odds that he’ll have a job in Washington come next year. 
  
 He’s going to run in three other congressional districts as well. In three other states: Michigan (14th CD), Minnesota (6th CD) and Hawaii (1st CD). The U.S. Constitution, he notes, only requires residency at the time of next year’s November election. 
  
 Levene used to live in metro Detroit. Work as an IT man has sometimes carried him to Minnesota. 
  
 “Of course, living in Hawaii wouldn’t be bad, but I’d rather stay in Georgia,” Levene, 64, said this morning. “But I’m a practical man. I don’t have time to do this two years at a time, since I expect to be dead in 10 years.” 
  
 A London native but naturalized U.S. citizen, Levene has chosen an American football analogy: “Going wide rather than going long.” 
  
 The 11th District race in Georgia is still in its early stages. So far, Levene’s biggest splash has been his idea for a permanent solution to Middle East tensions: Create a kind of back-up Israel, just in case things get too hot at the current location. Maybe in an under-used portion of Texas. 
  
 There’s little doubt that Levene would remain an extreme long-shot in all four races – his Georgia campaign treasury is relatively miniscule, and would be even smaller when divided by four. But a quadruple race would be one for the books. 
  
 Levene said he found his loophole during his constitutional studies. The Founding Fathers, he realized, didn’t know about jet travel. “People couldn’t conceive of people running in more than one geographic area,” he said. 
  
 Levene said he checked with the Federal Election Commission. People there merely advised him to keep his contributions for each of the four contests strictly separated. 
  
 “I’ve written to every secretary of state [in the four states]. They have no problem with it,” he said. 
  
 His only concern is if he wins in two or more of his contests. Our advice: If it's a choice between Honolulu or Detroit, there is no choice. ||||| Story highlights Allan Levene wants to run for Congress in Georgia, Minnesota, Michigan and Hawaii 
  
 Constitution and state laws don't preclude the strategy 
  
 Experts mostly say it could be a waste of time, but it could set a new campaign model 
  
 It's believed Levene is the first to try the approach 
  
 Allan Levene really -- really -- wants to serve in Congress. 
  
 So much so, that he plans to run in four states: Georgia. Minnesota. Michigan. Hawaii. 
  
 It's puzzling, but the Republican freely admits his strategy increases his odds of winning a House seat. 
  
 As he sees it, all roads lead to Rome. 
  
 "No matter where you win a seat in Congress, you go to the same building. You do the same work," he said. "You can work for your constituents, which all have similar needs, but the key is you go to Washington and help solve the country's problems." 
  
 Legally, his strategy is possible. But it likely will be a logistical nightmare. 
  
 Running a congressional campaign as a political newcomer is tough enough. Multiply that by four and add a society that's quick to shun "carpetbaggers" -- people who move to a state to run for office -- and you get what some experts predict to be a waste of time and money. 
  
 It appears Levene may be the first to try the unusual tactic. But what if he succeeds? Is he blazing a trail for a new campaign model? 
  
 Jumping through the loophole 
  
 The Constitution lists only a few requirements for a House member: Be at least 25, a U.S. citizen for at least seven years and a resident of the state when elected. 
  
 But the Constitution says nothing about primaries or the nominating process, and that's the heart of Levene's strategy. 
  
 Leaving out a rule that would prevent multi-state campaigns was an understandable omission by the Founding Fathers, Levene said. How could they have envisioned such an approach? 
  
 "Back then they couldn't fly from state to state," he said. 
  
 In Levene's case, all four races are open, meaning there's no incumbent. Two districts — the ones in Georgia and Minnesota — are considered safe for Republicans, while the other two are considered safe for Democrats. 
  
 The four states only require candidate residency at the time of the general election, not the primary. 
  
 They also don't have laws prohibiting candidates from running in the primary if they're attempting to get on primary ballots in other states. 
  
 The Federal Election Commission tracks the money side of federal campaigns. It told Levene his mission was legal as long he kept his fundraising separate in each state, meaning he couldn't raise money in Georgia and spend it in Minnesota. 
  
 The FEC told CNN it hasn't issued specific guidance on that kind of campaign strategy. 
  
 'All politics is local' 
  
 Levene, an avid blogger with some unorthodox ideas, has already created websites for each of his campaigns. 
  
 But his true focus is on Georgia's 11th Congressional District, whose current representative, Republican Phil Gingrey, is running for the Senate. 
  
 Of the four states, Georgia holds its primary first, on May 20. If Levene doesn't win the GOP nomination, he'll campaign in the other states. Minnesota, Michigan and Hawaii have nominating contests in August, just days apart from each other. 
  
 Jordan Powell, a Republican political consultant based in Texas, said he's never heard of someone trying to run in multiple states and argued it's not a "viable political strategy." 
  
 "There's two problems: There's the practical day-to-day issues, like scheduling, fundraising, meetings, etc," Powell said. "If you get past that, you still have a problem, to me, with voters about political opportunism." 
  
 A number of people, including Powell, brought up a common saying coined by former House Speaker Thomas "Tip" O'Neill: "All politics is local." 
  
 "It's very much true in Hawaii," said David Chang, chairman of Hawaii's Republican Party. "People care what high school you went to, what nationality you are, what your last name is, how many generations your family has been in Hawaii, whether you know my auntie and uncle." 
  
 "Being from the mainland and running for the office Hawaii, you have an uphill battle because of those dynamics," he added. 
  
 Levene hasn't lived in Hawaii; he has only visited the state. But he says he still has a plan specific to the Aloha State . He wants to bring more IT jobs and companies from California and make the island known for being more than a tourist hub. 
  
 "It's clear that you need a noisy, loud congressional mouthpiece. I am noisy and I will put Hawaii on the map," he writes on his Hawaii website. 
  
 Born in London, Levene, 64, first came to the United States when he was 21 and eventually became a naturalized citizen. He pursued a career in the IT industry and is now settled in Georgia, but he has lived in Michigan in the past, which is why he chose the Wolverine State as one of his "four." 
  
 As for Minnesota , the 6th Congressional District has been a Republican stronghold for the past decade. Its current representative, Michele Bachmann, is retiring. 
  
 Levene is attracted to races that would essentially guarantee him a general election victory if he wins the primary. 
  
 "The election process is about winning first and foremost," he said. 
  
 But three well-known Republicans have already been vying for the seat for months. 
  
 "The runway for candidates who are serious about it literally started the day Congresswoman Bachmann announced her retirement," said Keith Downey, chairman of the Minnesota Republican Party. 
  
 Downey had not heard of Levene's plan to run in the state, but found it difficult to see voters gravitating toward an outsider. 
  
 "I would imagine, like in most places, Minnesota voters are a little more comfortable voting for their own and having some past connection to a candidate," he said. 
  
 Copycats in the future? 
  
 Levene is surely hedging his bets. But what if his plan works? 
  
 A source who worked to get Democrats elected to the House last decade seemed open to the idea. 
  
 "I wish we had known about that. Maybe we could have gotten even more Democrats elected," the source said, somewhat jokingly. 
  
 The source, who asked not to be identified, added the tactic could come in handy for candidates running in districts along state borders. 
  
 Others had a hard time imagining the strategy becoming one for the textbooks. 
  
 Powell said "some of the practical decisions would be easier" in such a scenario, but the candidate would still have a "messaging problem." 
  
 "You're still looking like you just desperately want to be in Congress, regardless of the district or the issue," he said. Such an image doesn't pass "the smell test" with voters, he added. 
  
 Another House campaign strategist, who asked not to be identified in order to speak more freely, had also never heard of the multi-state approach but said "it's something that a credible strategist would never recommend for any candidate." 
  
 "You're opening yourself up to several attacks," the source said. 
  
 'Just ideas' 
  
 Levene realizes he will run into criticism and said he's prepared to take on his opponents. 
  
 "I'm not carpet bagging in the sense that I want to take advantage of the district that I'm running for," he said. "I will work very hard for whichever district that I'm elected to." 
  
 For Levene, he believes he must get elected to carry out his ideas—which include carving out a back-up territory for Israel inside of Texas , and creating a pathway for thousands of Chinese nannies to come to the U.S. and teach children how to speak Mandarin. 
  
 "Having ideas without going to Washington means they're just ideas," he said in his Americanized British accent. "No one will pay the slightest bit of attention." 
  
 He also wants to eliminate corporate income taxes. To combat "career politicians," he wants to void pensions for members if they don't leave office after four terms in the House or two terms in the Senate. 
  
 Part of his rush to get elected stems from his expectation to live for only one more decade, a prediction based on family history. He's also convinced the U.S. currency will collapse by 2020. 
  
 "My job is to stop that from happening." 
  
 If he doesn't win any of the races, he and his wife plan to liquidate all their real estate and other assets, buy Swiss francs and simply wait until the economy gets better. 
  
 "If what I want to do does not resonate with the public, then the public will choose somebody else," he said. "And that's OK." |||||
What is a summary?