Photo provided by FBI/Reuters 
  
 Boston was in lockdown Friday as authorities searched for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing, 19-year-old Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. The other suspect, 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev—who was killed in a shootout with police overnight—was Dzhokhar’s older brother. Have there been other cases of brothers working together to commit terrorist attacks? 
  
 Forrest Wickman Forrest Wickman is Slate’s culture editor overseeing music and movies coverage. 
  
  
  
 Yes. According to the 9/11 Commission report, six of the 19 hijackers who took part in the Sept. 11 attacks were brothers. Each of the sibling teams worked together. Brothers Hamza and Ahmed al-Ghamdi were among the hijackers on United Flight 175, sitting together in seats 9C and 9D. American Airlines Flight 11 was hijacked by brothers Waleed and Wail al-Shehri, who sat together in first class. On American Airlines Flight 77, brothers Nawaf al Hazmi and Salem al Hazmi also sat together before that plane crashed into the Pentagon. Many other attacks, both at home and abroad, have been planned by teams of brothers. In the 2007 plot on Fort Dix, three of the conspirators—Shain Duka, Dritan Duka, and Eljvir Duka—were brothers. A fourth man, Agron Abdullahu, who was sentenced for weapons charges related to the plot, was Eljvir Duka’s brother-in-law. A few months ago, two South Florida brothers, 30-year-old Sheheryar Alam Qazi and 20-year-old Raees Alam Qazi, were charged with plotting to use a weapon of mass destruction within the United States. 
  
 Counterterrorism experts suggest that many terrorist groups feature an “older brother figure” who converts others and leads the planning. This is not always literally an older brother, though often it has been. In the case of the 2002 Bali bombings, which left 202 dead, three of the perpetrators were brothers: Ali Imron, Amrozi Nurhasyim, and Ali Ghufron. The oldest brother, Ali Ghufron, recruited his younger brothers and was executed for being the chief organizer of the attack. Two members of the so-called Portland Seven, who were convicted for trying to enter Afghanistan and fight for the Taliban after Sept. 11, were brothers. They both pleaded guilty in 2003, though the younger brother’s lawyer argued that he was just following his older brother’s lead. The lawyer for Shujah Mahmood, the youngest defendant accused in a 2004 bombing plot in Britain, similarly argued that his client was only “used as a gofer” and was “completely overshadowed” by his older brother, Omar Khyam. Mahmood was just 16 when the plot began, and he was eventually cleared of charges. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
  
  
 Counterterrorism experts suggest that the more significant point isn’t that terrorists often conspire with their brothers, but rather that they tend, in most cases, to band together with a small group of their peers, whether they’re siblings or friends or neighbors. Clustering tightly together, the men begin to talk one another into more and more extremist action, with the group dynamic being crucial to their radicalization. This is true not only of politically motivated violence: In cases such as the mass murder at Columbine, the shooters fell into a similar dynamic, coming together in a closed circle in which they invented their own world. The lone wolf terrorist, on the other hand, is relatively rare. 
  
 Got a question about today’s news? Ask the Explainer. 
  
 Explainer thanks Philip Mudd of SouthernSun Asset Management and Brian Fishman of the New America Foundation. ||||| Supporters of Togo soccer march against violence following an attack by a separatist group on the team. 
  
 Debris following an explosion near Real Madrid's stadium is hauled away as spectators look on. 
  
 A funeral is held for a policeman following the attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team. 
  
 New Zealand cricket team captain Stephen Fleming gets emotional at a press conference following the suicide bombing. 
  
 Iraqi security personnel investigate the site at which where the head of Iraq's Olympic Committee, Ahmad el Kijiye, was kidnapped. 
  
 A young woman visits a memorial to the victims of the bombing at Centennial Olympic Park in Atlanta. 
  
 A funeral ceremony is held for the 11 Israeli Olympians murdered by terrorists during the 1972 Olympics in Munich. 
  
 A funeral is held for Jeyaraj Fernandopulle, the former Sri Lankan minister of highways, after he was killed in a suicide bombing at a marathon in Sri Lanka. 
  
 After an initial blast, a second explosion appears in the background near the finish line of the Boston Marathon. 
  
 Authorities said Khalid El Bakraoui, 27, blew himself up in the Belgian capital's subway system while his 30-year-old sibling Ibrahim (seen here at center) detonated a bomb at the city's airport. 
  
 From genetics to life at home, there appear to be a number of factors that predispose some brothers to violent behavior. 
  
 So it may not be a coincidence that two brothers are suspected of participating in yesterday's terrorist attacks in Belgium. Federal prosecutor Frederic Van Leeuw announced that Ibrahim El Bakraoui is suspected as being one of the Brussels Airport suicide bombers. His brother Khalid El Bakraoui is suspected of inflicting the deadly suicide bombing an hour later at the Maelbeek metro station. 
  
 Other sets of brothers have previously been identified as terrorists. Just a few examples include Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his slain brother, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, for the Boston Marathon bombing, and brothers Saïd Kouachi and Cherif Kouachi for the killing of 12 people at the offices of the Charlie Hebdo newspaper in Paris. 
  
 Play Video Murder is Infectious Murder might just work in the same way than an infectious disease does. Find out how. AFP/Getty Images 
  
 "There are numerous factors" that contribute to terror-related murders, "including neurobiological, personality, social and cultural," neuropsychologist Robert Hanlon of the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine told Discovery News. 
  
 He added, "One brother is usually a stronger character and the leader of the two. The other brother is a follower and is influenced by the leader-brother. The follower wants to please the leader and obtain the respect of the leader." 
  
 Hanlon added that such siblings tend to be male, with men committing 90 percent of murders annually in the United States alone. 
  
 "Due to biological, psychological and socio-developmental differences between the genders, men are far more violent than women," he said. 
  
 In addition to terrorist duos, there are also a number of serial killers who are brothers, such as Pete and Pat Bondurant, Larry and Danny Ranes and Reginald and Jonathan Carr, just to name a few. 
  
 Terrorism is a subtype of violence that, as Hanlon indicates, can have multiple driving influences. 
  
 Neuroscientist Jeremy Richman of The Avielle Foundation added, "All of our behavior has both a genetic and environmental component -- they cannot be separated." ||||| Roads in the European quarter of Brussels are closed in the wake of the terrorist attacks on Zaventem airport and Maebeek metro station. (Getty Images) 
  
 Brothers from Belarus previously condemned of blasts in Brussels by Russian media are no terrorists, Meduza reports 
  
 According to new reports, Belgian officials say they do not consider two Belarusian men to be suspects in the recent terrorist attacks in Brussels. 
  
 In the hours after the attacks on March 22, several Russian media outlets reported that Alexey and Ivan Dovbash potentially played a role in the bombings, but the men told a local branch of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty that this is untrue, according to Meduza. 
  
  
  
 Read also Belgium remains on highest level of alert following multiple attacks in Brussels 
  
 Ivan Dovbash says he reached out directly to Belgian law enforcement, when he and his brother learned of the rumors circulating about their alleged involvement in the attacks. "They told us that they hadn't heard anything about it, and they don't have anything against us," Ivan Dovbash said. 
  
 Read also Brussels Attacks: Death toll rises to at least 34 
  
 In an interview with Euroradio, Alexey Dovbash said he's encountered "no problems" with Belgian police, and "calmly" moves about within the European Union. He says Belgian police called the rumor "just local gossip," and said they aren't paying it any attention. ||||| Use of the term ‘brother’ among extremists is frequently quite literal: terrorist recruitment is highly social, with parents and siblings often joining forces 
  
 Militants often call each other “brother”, and refer collectively to the “brothers” in Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq or France. Why? 
  
 Partly this is to indicate solidarity, attachment to a common cause, a sense of shared identity and endeavour. Partly it’s because that’s how young men speak, all over the world, but particularly in the kind of environments from which many contemporary militants come. 
  
 But it is also because, remarkably often, the term is entirely accurate. Those speaking of being “brothers” are indeed blood relatives, children of the same parents, who often grew up together. 
  
 The Paris attackers are reported to have included Ibrahim Abdeslam – a suicide bomber who blew himself up outside the Comptoir Voltaire restaurant – and Salah Abdeslam, who is on the run. 
  
 A third brother, Mohammed, was arrested in Brussels on Monday and spent several hours in custody before being released without charge. Speaking after his release, he denied any link to his brothers’ actions: “I was accused of committing an act of terrorism … but I have not in the slightest way been connected to the operation in Paris. 
  
 “My parents are completely shocked by the tragedy. My two brothers are normal and I have never noticed anything strange.” 
  
 Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the suspected mastermind of the attacks, recruited his own 13-year-old brother, who travelled to Syria and then was seen in a video in a pickup truck dragging bodies of Syrian army soldiers. And this is all within one – albeit complex – plot. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the Boston bombers. Photograph: AP 
  
 There are many other examples, in different countries, on different continents: the two Kouachis who attacked the Charlie Hebdo offices in January. The Tsarnaev brothers, who bombed the 2013 Boston Marathon. The brother of Mohammed Merah, who killed seven in south-west France in 2012, remains jailed, although his role in the murders and the radicalisation of the perpetrator is not entirely clear. 
  
 Fraternal ties are also common among those who travel to Syria, Iraq or other war zones, even if they do not turn to terrorism at home. Few travel alone: almost all make the journey with close friends or family members. Three brothers aged 17 to 21, from Brighton, left the UK to join al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaida affiliate, in Syria. There was Aseel Muthana, a 17-year-old schoolboy who travelled with his elder brother, a medical student, to join Isis. In October, a British court found that two brothers of Iftekhar Jaman, who spoke of “five-star jihad” on the BBC, had spent two years giving help and advice to people seeking to travel to Syria to establish an Islamic state. Both were convicted of terrorist offences. 
  
 Cherif Kouachi and his brother Said, who attacked at the satirical French magazine Charlie Hebdo. Photograph: French police/EPA 
  
 This vision of “jihad by family” may be shocking, but it should not be surprising. Ten years ago, US military intelligence officials in Iraqi identified having a close family member already involved as the greatest predictor of an individual becoming involved in violent militancy, Islamic or otherwise. 
  
 This may be a brother, or it may be a father. Abdel-Majed Abdel Bary, a British aspiring rapper turned Isis recruit, is the son of Adel Abdel Bary, an Egyptian militant who came to the UK in 1991 and was later convicted in New York for his role in al–Qaida’s attack on US embassies in east Africa in 1998. In the UK more recently, along with siblings, parents of jihadis have been detained and some charged with Syria-related offences. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Aseel Muthana and older brother Nasser, who travelled from Britain to join Isis in Syria. Photograph: Social media 
  
 Research by New America, a nonpartisan thinktank in the United States, showed that more than a quarter of western fighters have a familial connection to jihad, whether through relatives who are also fighting in Syria and Iraq, through marriage or through some link to other jihads or terrorist attacks. 
  
 The research also found that of those western fighters with familial ties to jihad, three-fifths had a relative who has also left for Syria. 
  
 Another recent study, at Pennsylvania State University, examined the interactions of 120 supposed “lone wolf” terrorists from all ideological and faith backgrounds, and found that, even though they launched their attacks alone, in a large majority of the cases others were aware of the individual’s commitment to a specific extremist ideology. In an astonishing 64% of cases, family and friends were aware of the individual’s intent to engage in a terrorism-related activity because the offender verbally told them. 
  
 All this offers an important window into the nature of recruitment and radicalisation. Both are often understood to be processes which involve someone who is previously “normal” being “brainwashed” by some outside influence that turns them into someone who behaves abnormally. An alternative explanation for how people are drawn into militancy blames propaganda, via the internet. 
  
 The facts, however, contradict this. Terrorism, like any activism, is highly social, only its consequences are exceptional. People become interested in ideas, ideologies and activities, even appallingly destructive ones, because other people are interested in them. 
  
 “Recruitment is basically by peers. It is kinship and friendship which really matter, much more than religion or locality or whatever else. There is a strong group phenomenon,” said Dr Rik Coolsaet, a Belgian expert who has studied local militant networks in the country. 
  
 The psychological and social barriers to involvement in violence are certainly higher than in other less nefarious activities, but the mechanics of the process that draws people into them are the same. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?