Information:  - Catherine Rosalind Russell (June 4, 1907  November 28, 1976) was an American actress of stage and screen, known for her role as fast-talking newspaper reporter Hildy Johnson in the Howard Hawks screwball comedy "His Girl Friday" (1940), as well as for her portrayals of Mame Dennis in "Auntie Mame" (1958) and Rose in "Gypsy" (1962). A noted comedian, she won all five Golden Globes for which she was nominated. Russell won a Tony Award in 1953 for Best Performance by an Actress in a Musical for her portrayal of Ruth in the Broadway show "Wonderful Town" (a musical based on the film "My Sister Eileen", in which she also starred). She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress four times throughout her career.  - Cary Grant (born Archibald Alexander Leach; January 18, 1904  November 29, 1986) was a British-American actor, known as one of classic Hollywood's definitive leading men. He began a career in Hollywood in the early 1930s, and became known for his transatlantic accent, debonair demeanor, and light-hearted approach to acting and sense of comic timing. He became an American citizen in 1942.  - Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (known professionally as Columbia Pictures and Columbia, and formerly CBC Film Sales Corporation) is an American film studio, production company and film distributor that is a member of the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group, a division of Sony Entertainment's Sony Pictures subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Sony. The studio was founded in 1918 as Cohn-Brandt-Cohn Film Sales by brothers Jack and Harry Cohn and Jack's best friend Joe Brandt, released its first feature film in August 1922. It adopted the Columbia Pictures name in 1924, and went public two years later. Its name is derived from "Columbia", a national personification of the United States, which is used as the studio's logo. In its early years, it was a minor player in Hollywood, but began to grow in the late 1920s, spurred by a successful association with director Frank Capra. With Capra and others, Columbia became one of the primary homes of the screwball comedy. In the 1930s, Columbia's major contract stars were Jean Arthur and Cary Grant. In the 1940s, Rita Hayworth became the studio's premier star and propelled their fortunes into the late 1950s. Rosalind Russell, Glenn Ford, and William Holden also became major stars at the studio.  - Five Easy Pieces is a 1970 American drama film written by Carole Eastman (as Adrien Joyce) and Bob Rafelson, and directed by Rafelson. The film stars Jack Nicholson, with Karen Black, Susan Anspach, Ralph Waite, and Sally Struthers in supporting roles.  - A film director is a person who directs the making of a film. Generally, a film director controls a film's artistic and dramatic aspects, and visualizes the script while guiding the technical crew and actors in the fulfillment of that vision. The director has a key role in choosing the cast members, production design, and the creative aspects of filmmaking. Under European Union law, the director is viewed as the author of the film.  - Carole Eastman (February 19, 1934  February 13, 2004) was an American screenwriter. Among her credits were screenplays for Monte Hellman's "The Shooting" (1967), Bob Rafelson's "Five Easy Pieces" (1970) (for which she was nominated for an Academy Award along with co-writer Rafelson), and Mike Nicholss "The Fortune" (1975). She occasionally used the pseudonyms "Adrien Joyce" and "A.L. Appling".  - New Hollywood, sometimes referred to as the "American New Wave", refers to a period in American film history from the mid-to-late 1960s ("Bonnie and Clyde", "The Graduate") to the early 1980s ("Heaven's Gate", "One from the Heart") when a new generation of young filmmakers came to prominence in United States, influencing the types of films produced, their production and marketing, and the way major studios approached film-making. In New Hollywood films, the film director, rather than the studio, took on a key authorial role. "New Hollywood" usually refers to a period of film-making rather than a style of film-making, though it can be referred to as a movement. The films made in this era are stylistically characterized in that their narrative often strongly deviated from classical norms.  - Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc. (known professionally as Sony Pictures Entertainment and Sony Pictures and abbreviated as SPE) is an American entertainment company that produces, acquires and distributes filmed entertainment (theatrical motion pictures, television programs and recorded videos) through multiple platforms. It operates as a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment Inc., which is the parent company for both the music and motion picture businesses of Sony Corporation. Based in Culver City, California, it encompasses Sony's motion picture, television production and distribution units. Its group sales in the fiscal year 2015 (April 2015-March 2016) has been reported to be of $8.3 billion.  - The Last Picture Show is a 1971 American drama film directed and co-written by Peter Bogdanovich, adapted from a semi-autobiographical 1966 novel "The Last Picture Show" by Larry McMurtry.  - The Graduate is a 1967 American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols and written by Calder Willingham and Buck Henry, based on the 1963 novel of the same name by Charles Webb, who wrote it shortly after graduating from Williams College. The film tells the story of 21-year-old Benjamin Braddock (Dustin Hoffman), a recent college graduate with no well-defined aim in life, who is seduced by an older woman, Mrs. Robinson (Anne Bancroft), and then proceeds to fall in love with her daughter Elaine (Katharine Ross).  - Harry Cohn (July 23, 1891  February 27, 1958) was the American film president, film producer and production director of Columbia Pictures Corporation.  - The Sony Pictures Entertainment Motion Picture Group (commonly known as the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group and formerly known as the Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group until 2013 and abbreviated as SPMPG) is a division of Sony Pictures Entertainment to manage its motion picture operations. It was launched in 1998 by integrating businesses of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. and TriStar Pictures, Inc.   - Dennis Lee Hopper (May 17, 1936  May 29, 2010) was an American actor, filmmaker, photographer and artist. He attended the Actors Studio, made his first television appearance in 1954, and soon after appeared alongside James Dean in "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955) and "Giant" (1956). In the next ten years he made a name in television, and by the end of the 1960s had appeared in several films. Hopper also began a prolific and acclaimed photography career in the 1960s.  - One from the Heart is a 1982 American romantic musical film co-written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Frederic Forrest, Teri Garr, Raul Julia, Nastassja Kinski, Lainie Kazan and Harry Dean Stanton. The story is set entirely in Las Vegas. The film's plot was later adapted by Aziz Mirza for his 2003 Hindi film "Chalte Chalte".  - The Monkees are an American-British pop rock band originally active between 1965 and 1971, with subsequent reunion albums and tours in the decades that followed. They were formed in Los Angeles in 1965 by Bob Rafelson and Bert Schneider for the American television series "The Monkees", which aired from 1966 to 1968. The musical acting quartet was composed of Americans Micky Dolenz, Michael Nesmith and Peter Tork and British actor and singer Davy Jones. The band's music was initially supervised by producer Don Kirshner.  - Drive , He Said ( 1971 ) is an American motion picture released by Columbia Pictures . It is one of the lesser - known works in the influential group of `` New Hollywood '' films of the late 1960s and early 1970s made by independent production house Raybert Productions ( The Monkees , Easy Rider ) and its successor , BBS Productions . Based upon the 1964 novel of the same title by Jeremy Larner , the film is mainly notable as the directorial debut of Jack Nicholson ( who also wrote the screenplay ) following his breakthrough as an actor in Easy Rider ( 1969 ) and Five Easy Pieces ( 1970 ) . Although it was coolly received at the time , and has subsequently faded into obscurity , the production brought together many significant Hollywood names . Director of photography Bill Butler gained renown for his later work on classic films such as Steven Spielberg 's Jaws , Francis Ford Coppola 's The Conversation , and One Flew Over The Cuckoo 's Nest . Original music was composed by David Shire ( then married to Coppola 's sister Talia Shire ) and the screenplay included uncredited contributions from future director Terence Malick . It starred several of Nicholson 's friends and frequent screen collaborators in leading roles - Karen Black , Bruce Dern , Robert Towne and Henry Jaglom ( although Towne and Jaglom became better known as screenwriter and director , respectively ) . Several younger actors who became familiar TV faces in later years were also featured in small supporting roles , including David Ogden Stiers ( M * A * S * H ) , Cindy Williams ( Laverne & Shirley ) and Michael Warren ( Hill St Blues ) , who ( like Tepper ) was also a former collegiate basketball player . It was filmed on the campus of the University of Oregon and other locations in Eugene , Oregon . The film is also notable for its controversial ( for the time ) use of profanity , its depictions of sex and drug use , and for several scenes of male frontal nudity , including a locker - room shower scene , and the mental breakdown scene in which...  - Frank Russell Capra (born Francesco Rosario Capra; May 18, 1897September 3, 1991) was an Italian-American film director, producer and writer who became the creative force behind some of the major award-winning films of the 1930s and 1940s. Born in Italy and raised in Los Angeles from the age of five, his rags-to-riches story has led film historians such as Ian Freer to consider him the "American dream personified."  - Terry Southern (May 1, 1924  October 29, 1995) was an American novelist, essayist, screenwriter, and university lecturer, noted for his distinctive satirical style. Part of the Paris postwar literary movement in the 1950s and a companion to Beat writers in Greenwich Village, Southern was also at the center of Swinging London in the 1960s and helped to change the style and substance of American films in the 1970s. In the 1980s he wrote for "Saturday Night Live" and lectured on screenwriting at several universities in New York.  - Easy Rider is a 1969 American road movie written by Peter Fonda, Dennis Hopper, and Terry Southern, produced by Fonda and directed by Hopper. It tells the story of two bikers (played by Fonda and Hopper) who travel through the American Southwest and South after selling a large score of cocaine. The success of "Easy Rider" helped spark the New Hollywood era of filmmaking during the early 1970s. The film was added to the Library of Congress National Registry in 1998.  - Raybert Productions was a production company that operated in the 1960s, founded by Bob Rafelson and Bert Schneider. Its principal works were the wildly successful situation comedy "The Monkees" (and the group of the same name), and the 1969 movie "Easy Rider" (co-produced with Peter Fonda's Pando Company). Raybert was also the predecessor to BBS Productions, a New Hollywood production company founded by Rafelson, Schneider, and Schneiders childhood friend Stephen Blauner. BBS Productions' best known film is "The Last Picture Show".  - Robert "Bob" Rafelson (born February 21, 1933) is an American film director, writer and producer. He is regarded as one of the founders of the New Hollywood movement in the 1970s. Among his best-known films are "Five Easy Pieces" (1970), "The King of Marvin Gardens" (1972), and "The Postman Always Rings Twice" (1981). He was also one of the creators of the pop group and TV series "The Monkees" with Raybert/BBS Productions partner Bert Schneider. His first wife was the production designer Toby Carr Rafelson. His eldest son is songwriter Peter Rafelson, who co-wrote the hit song "Open Your Heart" for Madonna.  - Peter Henry Fonda (born February 23, 1940) is an American actor. He is the son of Henry Fonda, brother of Jane Fonda, and father of Bridget and Justin Fonda (by first wife Susan Brewer, stepdaughter of Noah Dietrich). Fonda is an icon of the counterculture of the 1960s.  - Rita Hayworth (born Margarita Carmen Cansino; October 17, 1918May 14, 1987) was an American actress and dancer. She achieved fame during the 1940s as one of the era's top stars, appearing in a total of 61 films over 37 years. The press coined the term "love goddess" to describe Hayworth after she had become the most glamorous screen idol of the 1940s. She was the top pin-up girl for GIs during World War II.  - Jules Stephen Blauner (September 19, 1933  June 16, 2015), commonly known as Steve Blauner, was Bobby Darin's manager, producer, and member of BBS Productions.  - Sony Corporation is the electronics business unit and the parent company of the Sony Group, which is engaged in business through its four operating components  electronics (video games, network services and medical business), motion pictures, music and financial services. These make Sony one of the most comprehensive entertainment companies in the world. Sony's principal business operations include Sony Corporation, Sony Pictures Entertainment, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Sony Music Entertainment, Sony Mobile (formerly Sony Ericsson) and Sony Financial. Sony is among the Semiconductor sales leaders by year and as of 2013, the fourth-largest television manufacturer in the world, after Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and TCL.  - Karen Blanche Black (née Ziegler; July 1, 1939  August 8, 2013) was an American actress, screenwriter, singer and songwriter. A native of Illinois, Black studied acting in New York City and performed on Broadway before making her major film debut in Francis Ford Coppola's "You're a Big Boy Now" (1966).    'drive' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'producer'?  Choices: - aziz mirza  - bert schneider  - bob rafelson  - carole eastman  - cary grant  - columbia  - dean  - don kirshner  - dustin hoffman  - european union  - film producer  - francis ford coppola  - frank capra  - harry cohn  - henry fonda  - howard hawks  - italy  - larry mcmurtry  - mike nichols  - paris  - peter bogdanovich  - peter fonda  - rita hayworth  - sony  - stephen blauner
A: