News article:

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — The Tennessee Senate passed a resolution Monday that would allow the body of former President James K. Polk to be exhumed and moved to a fourth resting place. 
  
 Polk and his wife, Sarah, are currently buried on the grounds of the state Capitol. 
  
 The resolution would allow the bodies to be exhumed and moved about 50 miles south to Columbia to the grounds of the James K. Polk Home and Museum. 
  
 The proposal has riled some folks in Tennessee who think the move desecrates the body of the nation's 11th president. The state historian objects to the move, and the descendants of the former president are pitted against one another. Others believe the move would more appropriately honor the president who played a central role in helping expand the U.S. across the continent. 
  
 The former president left a will saying he wanted to be buried at Polk Place, his mansion in Nashville. But sickness, a legal battle over the estate and the eventual sale of Polk Place outside the family meant he couldn't have his wish. 
  
 Polk, a former Tennessee governor, died of cholera in June of 1849, just three months after leaving the White House. He was originally laid to rest in what is now the Nashville City Cemetery because of an ordinance that said people who died of infectious diseases had to be buried on the outskirts of town within 24 hours. 
  
 His body was later moved to Polk Place, but that wouldn't last. The Polks were dug up and moved to the Capitol after the mansion was sold after their deaths. 
  
 The vote, which was 20-6, is the first of several steps necessary to actually move the bodies, including court approval and the blessing of the Tennessee Historical Society. |||||  
  
 The burial place of President James K. Polk and his wife, Sarah Polk, is seen on the grounds of the state Capitol in Nashville (AP/Erik Schelzig) 
  
 A few months after leaving office in 1849, President James K. Polk died at the Nashville mansion that he called Polk Place. Because the 11th president came down with a lethal bout of cholera, his body was buried for a year in a mass grave in the Nashville City Cemetery, in adherence to laws meant to prevent infectious diseases spreading from corpses. 
  
 The cemetery was the first of Polk’s “final” resting places. The saga of his remains, more than 150 years later, continues still. On Monday the Tennessee Senate passed a resolution to once again relocate his grave. 
  
 But it would be premature for diggers to ready their shovels. The state’s House of Representatives, the Davidson County Chancery Court and the Tennessee Historical Commission must also approve the resolution. 
  
 And if Polk goes to his fourth grave, it will not be quietly. A few of his descendants have decried the move as a poor way to honor the president. 
  
 “Every step they take is one step toward grave robbery,” Teresa Elam, 65, Polk’s niece by way of seven generations, told the Tennessean. “It would be like taking someone out of Arlington and taking them to the family farm and putting them behind the barn.” 
  
 After first being buried for a year in the city cemetery, the president’s relatives moved his body to the Polk Place grounds, in keeping with the will he wrote before he died. Despite that will, the Polk family sold that land in 1893 after a legal battle. The bodies of Polk and his wife, Sarah Childress Polk, were then moved to the grounds of the Tennessee capitol. 
  
 He has rested in that spot for more than a century. The Senate’s resolution would allow for the Polks’ bodies to be exhumed and relocated to 45 minutes away to his former residence in Columbia, Tenn., where the president spent part of his childhood and the James K. Polk Home and Museum is located. 
  
 “We are doing our best to preserve and interpret the legacy of James K. Polk, because that’s what he would have wanted in his will,” curator Tom Price told the Tennessean. 
  
 But Elam — Polk’s distant relative — considers the move a moneymaking ploy to drive tourists to Columbia, the New York Times reported. 
  
 Price disputed that the move was meant to drum up more sales of the $10 admission tickets. “We’ve been open since 1929,” Price told CBS News. “If this were merely a matter of money we probably would have done it 50 years ago.” 
  
 Joey Hensley, a Republican state senator who represents the county where the museum is located, sponsored the bill to move Polk. He said Polk’s current burial place is tucked away in a corner of the capitol grounds, a disservice to the president, in his view. 
  
 “I think I have been here 14 years and really didn’t know, had never visited James K. Polk’s tomb,” Hensley told the Associated Press. 
  
 Jeff Yarbro, a Democratic state senator for Nashville, told CBS that he would prefer legislators to tread lightly around presidential corpses. 
  
 “There are only 45 people who’ve been president of the United States,” he said, “and if a few years from now there’s a crew with shovels in the front yard of the capitol, it’s going to be a national news story, and there’s going to be a lot of appropriate scrutiny on how this process got initiated.” 
  
 Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly stated the name of the historical organization that must approve the resolution. It is the Tennessee Historical Commission, not the Tennessee Historical Society. 
  
 More from Morning Mix 
  
 Fla. man secretly buried his dead mother in backyard to collect her Social Security, pension checks 
  
 9,000-year-old Kennewick Man set to receive Native American burial after decades in limbo 
  
 Want to scatter a Catholic’s ashes? Nope, says the Vatican. ||||| CLOSE Over 100 years since he was last moved, James K. Polk might have a new final resting place. Kirk A. Bado 
  
 Buy Photo This plaque is erected near the former location of Polk Place on Seventh and Union in Nashville. (Photo: Duane Gang / The Tennessean)Buy Photo Story Highlights James K. Polk was the nation's 11th president, serving from 1845 to 1849. 
  
 Polk grew up in Columbia. After leaving the White House, Polk settled in Nashville, only to die a few months later. 
  
 First, he was buried in the Nashville City Cemetery. Then at his home, Polk Place. 
  
 Later, his remains were moved to the state Capitol after a family dispute. 
  
 There is still a fight about where to bury President James K. Polk. 
  
 Nearly 168 years after he died and more than a century since the last time his body was exhumed and relocated, there's yet another battle underway over whether to move his remains — this time, from the state Capitol in Nashville to the Polk family home 50 miles south in Columbia. 
  
 The dispute has pitted descendants against one another, with one saying the move is a "step toward grave robbery." But supporters, including some state lawmakers, say relocating his body will better preserve his legacy. The state Senate is expected to take up a resolution next week, a first step in relocating Polk's remains. 
  
 "He’s a president from Tennessee, and he deserves respect," said Tom Price, the curator of the James K. Polk Home and Museum in Columbia. 
  
 So how did it come to this, the latest chapter in the bizarre saga behind Polk’s remains? There's even a new Twitter account — Polk Journey Home — set up this month to support the move to Columbia. 
  
 Born in North Carolina, Polk grew up in Columbia. He served in the state House, U.S. House and later became Tennessee's ninth governor before his election to the presidency. After leaving office, Polk settled in Nashville only to die suddenly of cholera in 1849, just a few months after leaving the White House. 
  
 To prevent further spread of the cholera epidemic, the former president was buried — with honors — in the Nashville City Cemetery. But about a year later, his body was exhumed and moved to Polk Place, his Nashville home that once sat at the corner of Union Avenue and Seventh Street. His wife, Sarah Childress Polk, insisted the casket be opened so she could confirm that the body unearthed from the “makeshift mausoleum” was indeed the nation's 11th president. 
  
 A couple of years after her death in 1891, a family disagreement forced the courts to toss out the former president's will — which called for his burial at Polk Place — and order the home sold. It was then that Polk's remains moved to the Capitol. 
  
 More: Read Polk's will as printed in a 1956 Tennessee Historical Quarterly article 
  
 Today, Polk is buried among a grove of trees on the east lawn of the Capitol, the northernmost on a row of memorials to Tennessee’s most influential political figures. Polk Place no longer exists, long since razed. The Capitol Hotel now sits on the site. 
  
 The possibility of another move has many family members distraught. 
  
 "Every step they take is one step toward grave robbery,” said Teresa Elam, a seventh-generation niece of Polk from Wilson County. “It would be like taking someone out of Arlington (National Cemetery) and taking them to the family farm and putting them behind the barn." 
  
 Elam and sixth-generation first cousin Bill Mason are among several descendants who are opposing the move, saying it’s “degrading” to the memory of Polk. 
  
 Academics and historians say there's a peculiar, perhaps metaphorical link between the fight over where his body should lie and the type of person and leader Polk was when he was alive. 
  
 As president, Polk is regarded as one who accomplished everything he promised to do — a rhetoric commonly found in American politics, even today — but often loses when compared to Andrew Jackson, the nation's seventh president, in terms of significance. 
  
 Most suggest Tennessee's greatest president is Jackson, but "you could make a powerful case that Polk was a more consequential president than Jackson," said Thomas Schwarz, a Vanderbilt University history professor. 
  
 And the debate over his remains parallels that endless and existential conversation, he said. 
  
 "It’s the desire to be identified with a president who accomplished a great deal," Schwarz said. 
  
 Why they want to move Polk 
  
 For the past 20 years, Price has worked to preserve Polk's legacy. 
  
 “One of the questions we would get is ‘Well, where is he buried?' ” Price said. 
  
 After residents and guests of the Polk museum approached him about moving the body from Nashville to Columbia a few months ago, Price made presentations and held town halls to gauge community interest. He approached state lawmakers to begin the long process of potentially moving the body. 
  
 State Sen. Joey Hensley, R-Hohenwald, who currently represents Columbia, and Sen. Bill Ketron, R-Murfreesboro, whose district contained Columbia for a decade when he was first in the Senate, say they support the move and have been reassured by descendants they support the relocation. 
  
 "I think it would be excellent to have him there," Ketron said, adding that much of the Polk family history, including personal belongings and family relics, remains at the complex in Columbia. Polk did not have any children, but had eight brothers and sisters, most of whom lived in Columbia. 
  
 "The experience of all of that makes sense to me, and I support it," Ketron said. 
  
 Ketron said he's talked to descendants on both sides of the issue, with some wanting the Polks to remain at the Capitol and others wanting the remains to move to Columbia. 
  
 In death, Polk still falls behind his predecessor and good friend Jackson. The Hermitage, Jackson's nearby home, draws hundreds of thousands of visitors each year. The Polk home gets only a few dozen. 
  
 Price hopes moving the body back to Columbia will change that. 
  
 But he dismisses criticism that the move is a business decision to bring more tourism to Maury County. 
  
 “We are doing our best to preserve and interpret the legacy of James K. Polk, because that’s what he would have wanted in his will," Price said. 
  
 “This is really our attempt at changing that and raising awareness." 
  
 Polk’s will originally stated that he was to be buried at the garden at Polk Place. 
  
 “He wanted to be buried at Polk Place, and the will has been thrown out by the Davidson County court,” State Librarian Eddie Weeks said. 
  
 While initially hesitant to move the remains, Polk's fourth great-nephew James K. Polk Van Zandt came around after talking with Price and examining the president's old diaries. He wants his ancestor to go back with his legacy and memorabilia. 
  
 “The only home that he lived in that’s still standing is his home in Columbia," he said. "Except the White House, and I don’t think they’ll want him there.” 
  
 Why they want Polk to stay 
  
 Mason said calling the residence in Columbia Polk's "boyhood home" is not accurate because Polk left for college when it was built. 
  
 "How can you make the case that it's his boyhood home when it wasn't built until he was 21 years old when he was away at law school?" Mason said. “That argument, I think, is ridiculous on its face." 
  
 Polk did grow up in Columbia but lived in multiple homes. 
  
 Elam said there's also a "family rumor" that the reason Polk moved to Nashville after his presidency was to stay involved in Tennessee politics, making the city a logical location for his remains. She said the family Bible confirms historical records that the Polks were creating a sort of museumlike estate at Polk Place for when they died. 
  
 Elam said she's spoken to more than a dozen other descendants who are just as upset as she is. She described relocating the remains as "despicable" and only "using remains for a pony show." Mason said it's rare for any set of remains to be moved, much less three times. 
  
 "I wouldn't want any relative of mine — lowly or high-born — treated that way," Mason said. 
  
 Elam and Mason said there are very few ideas in their mind that would sway them. The only suggestion Elam offered would be to create a "complete total perfect replica" in Columbia of the memorial that lies on the Capitol grounds. 
  
 "All three of our presidents are lined up in honor down there," Mason said. "To me, that's a wonderful thing." 
  
 Jake Lowary covers the statehouse and politics for USA TODAY NETWORK-Tennessee. Reach him at 615-881-7039 and on Twitter @JakeLowary. Reach Kirk Bado at kbado@tennessean.com. 
  
 &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2nLIZgM |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?