News article:

Good evening to all who are gathered on today for the commencement of Southwest High School’s 2017 graduating class. My name is Marvin Wright and I am delighted to be standing here as your senior class president. 
  
 First and foremost, I want to thank God for making all of this possible. Secondly, I would like to thank all of the parents and family members for the unconditional love you have provided my classmates and I during our unpredictable phases of life, for ultimately sticking with us through thick and thin, and giving us constant guidance. I would like to also thank the faculty and staff of Southwest for instilling knowledge and preparing us for the next chapter that we will soon embark on. And lastly, but certainly not least, I wouldl like to personally thank my mother, Jokita Wright, for all of the sacrifices you have made for my 2 siblings and I. Selfless, strong, determined, humorous, provider, protector are only a few attributes that exhibit who you are, which motivates me day to day. So, Thank you Mom! For without you I would not be standing here today. 
  
 Now, class of 2017.... this it it! We have finally made it. There are no other people I’d rather have spent my high school years with than all of you. Most of the students in our graduating class have known each other since elementary school, which is an accumulation of 13 consecutive years. 
  
 When we take a walk down memory lane we can all visualize ourselves being young, naïve, tiny elementary school kids who relied on nap time throughout Kindergarten, who look forward to recess every day, and counted down the days and minutes until the biggest event of elementary school…field day. 
  
 Then we moved onto middle school where things didn’t work in our favor, such as me not hitting my intended growth spurt. Middle school was a transition period of having your own locker, having multiple teachers, dress codes were challenged in trying to figure out how to come up with your own “style” by also following the uniform guidelines, and athletics became an outlet for students who sought competition. 
  
 Finally, we made it to high school. There was more freedom, better lunch choices, and opportunities for us to explore, to figure out who we are. 
  
 It seems like yesterday we were timid freshmen excited to be part of the mature crowd, but unsure where we would fit in. For many of us, our first year in high school was a time where the temptation to look at your cell phone was unbearable and sometimes we caved in, which resulted in us getting our phones taken. Or how about when we attended our first Friday Night Lights football game in which we were able to stay out late and hang with our friends. 
  
 Sophomore year then quickly approached us where we knew the routine and thought we knew it all, but in reality we were still being overlooked because we were still considered under classmen. 
  
 Junior year, reality sunk in. We did all that we could to build up our resume by being committed to our academics, participating in varsity sports, and taking leadership positions in different clubs. We also took the necessary steps to prepare ourselves for the SAT and ACT, as well as faced the immense task of figuring out a timeline that will prepare us for after high school. I think it is safe to say that although junior year was the most stressful and challenging, it was the most rewarding. 
  
 Once the class of 2016 walked across the stage we were finally seniors! The year we had been dreaming of since freshmen year, was finally here. There was so many things to look forward to: seniority, senior prom, senior picnic, receiving our caps and gowns, and the list goes on. As seniors everything seemed different…teachers became mentors, friends became family, and Southwest High School became home. Little did we know that this year would come at a blink of an eye and the past four years would boil down to this day where all the hard work, laughs, tears, and long hours will have paid off. 
  
 Even though today is an accomplishment for the entire 2017 class and all of those who have helped us on this journey, it is going to take a lot of adjusting to get use to not seeing every single one of you on a daily basis. Even though I can't predict the future I know that we all have the ability to make a difference in this world. For you should have the mindset that not only will you graduate today, but everyday is a graduation. This ultimately means that graduation is a continuous process in which you should strive to true lifelong learning of continuous, self-motivated pursuit of knowledge for personal improvement. 
  
 I am no expert in this journey we call life but we all have the ability to make a difference and to be that change the world needs. The past 13 years have equipped us for a time as this to stand bold in who we are. So I say to my classmates, cherish these last few minutes we spend here and the memories we have created and get ready for the journey ahead. 
  
 Thank you guys for making my senior year better than I could ever imagine and for all the moments I will always hold dear to my heart. Thank you, and congratulations to the class of 2017!!! ||||| You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters 
  
 Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18KAC 
  
 — High school graduation day should be a celebration, but for one Edgecombe County senior, it is a day he will never forget. 
  
 As Southwest Edgecombe County High School's senior class president, Marvin Wright was allowed to write a speech and read it aloud at graduation. 
  
 "I really worked hard on this speech," he said. 
  
 Wright said on the day of graduation, he was told by school administrators that he would not be able to read his speech. He would have to read one the school wrote for him. 
  
 "I think my classmates would like to hear what I have to say instead of the one you wrote for me," Wright said. 
  
 While on stage during the ceremony, Wright said he followed his heart and chose to read his speech instead. 
  
 Read Marvin Wright's full speech 
  
 In a video, the principal and other staff members are seen talking behind Wright, clearly upset he wasn't following orders given at graduation rehearsal. 
  
 "My thing to him was to follow your heart," his mother, Jokita Wright said. "He put God first. He spoke about parents, his classmates and spoke about his mom." 
  
 When Marvin Wright left the stage, he discovered the principal had taken his diploma. 
  
 "(He said) 'Mom, they took my diploma, they won't give it to me,'" Jokita Wright said. "At that moment I was totally upset. I was upset." 
  
 "I only have one chance to graduate from high school and it was really an embarrassing moment," said Marvin Wright. 
  
 Jada Barnes, a fellow classmate, called the principal's actions disrespectful. 
  
 "His diploma was taken...it was hurtful not only to him and his family, but to all of us," Barnes said. 
  
 The school system gave no specific reason for wanting Wright to recite their simple, short paragraph. 
  
 Sources told WRAL News Wright's speech was too long and that he failed to meet an approval deadline. Wright said he was not aware of any deadline. 
  
 In a statement to WRAL News, a school spokesperson said there was nothing wrong with the content of Wright's speech. 
  
 "The expectation is that all graduation speakers read the speech that has been prepared and placed at the podium...It is very unfortunate that his diploma was pulled and it should not have happened. An apology has been issued to Marvin and his family," the statement said. 
  
 Wright said that since it was a last-minute decision to read his speech, he did not have a hard copy and had to read it off his phone. This violated school guidelines. 
  
 Wright's principal, Craig Harris, hand-delivered his diploma to his home Sunday afternoon, and the superintendent apologized via phone. WRAL News reached out to school administrators for additional comments, but no additonal information was made availible. 
  
 Wright is now headed into the Navy this fall. ||||| Marvin Wright's high school diploma was withheld on June 9 after he refused to read a speech written by the school's administrators. (Amber Ferguson/The Washington Post) 
  
 Marvin Wright, president of his high school senior class, spent two weeks working on his graduation speech, staying up till 5 on the morning of the event to finish. 
  
 But later that day, the principal of Southwest Edgecombe High in Pinetops, N.C., told him he would be giving a different address, a five-sentence paragraph prepared by the school administrators. He gave him no explanation. 
  
 “I felt robbed of a chance to say my own words,” Marvin, 18, told The Washington Post. His mother, classmates and teachers urged him to give his speech anyway. 
  
 When he stepped onto the stage at the end of the commencement ceremony Friday, he opened up a folder under the podium containing the school’s prepared remarks: 
  
 I would like to thank all of our friends and family for being here tonight. I would also like to address my fellow graduates one last time before we leave this gym. Although we may all never be in the same room at the same time again, we will always share the memories that we created within these walls. And no matter what we all do after graduation, never forget that this is one place that we all have in common, this place is home. Congratulations graduates, we did it! 
  
 But instead of delivering those words, he took out his cellphone and read a copy of his original speech, with his friends in the audience nodding to him in encouragement. 
  
 Sitting behind Marvin, the principal, Craig Harris, immediately turned to another staff member, whispering with a look of disapproval, video footage shows. 
  
 After the applause and final procession, all of the students lined up to receive their official diplomas. But one folder in the stack was missing: Marvin’s. His senior adviser informed him the principal had removed the diploma because Marvin had read the wrong speech. 
  
 “All my friends were outside with their big yellow folders taking pictures and I was still inside, trying to get my diploma,” Marvin said. “I was really hurt and embarrassed, basically humiliated.” 
  
 The teenager and his mother, Jokita Wright, accused the school of not only censoring a student’s words but then retaliating against him by withholding his diploma. The mother complained to the principal, who explained to her that her son had missed a deadline to submit the speech to the school. Marvin says he never knew about it. 
  
 Marvin did not receive his diploma for another two days, when the principal dropped it off at his home at the request of the superintendent. The principal handed him the diploma, saying only, “If your mom has any questions just give me a call.” Then he left. 
  
 [N.Y. subway breakdown inspires makeshift graduation on the E train] 
  
 Edgecombe County Schools Superintendent John Farrelly called Marvin on Monday to apologize for the way the school handled the situation on commencement day. 
  
 “I have communicated with the family to apologize on behalf of the school,” Farrelly said in a statement to the Wilson Times. “The diploma never should have been taken from the student.” 
  
 Farrelly said he did not have any problems with the content of the teenager’s speech but was concerned about Marvin’s use of a cellphone and the decision to change course at the last minute. 
  
 “There is an expectation that is communicated to all graduation speakers that the prepared and practiced speech is the speech to be delivered during the ceremony,” Farrelly said. “That was made extremely clear to the speakers. The student did not follow those expectations.” 
  
 In the fall, when Marvin was elected senior class president, his adviser informed him he would have to write a graduation speech. He says he wasn’t given any guidance, so he sought out tips from the previous year’s senior class president, and listened to numerous commencement speeches online for ideas. 
  
 His English teacher told him she approved of the speech. Marvin even left a copy of the remarks on his principal’s desk for review on commencement day. 
  
 Still, administrators insisted he should read the address they prepared. 
  
 But Marvin gave the speech he wanted to give, recounting memories he shared with his classmates through elementary, middle and high school. Though he stumbled a few times — distracted by the conversations taking place behind him and struggling to read from his phone — Marvin’s speech was welcomed with cheers and laughs from the audience. 
  
 [ICE nabs teenager hours before his senior prom, days before his graduation ceremony] 
  
 In his approximately five-minute address, he thanked God, the family members of the graduates, the school’s faculty and his mom — who was watching in the bleachers in tears. 
  
 “This is it,” Marvin said. “We have finally made it.” 
  
 He talked about playing at recess in elementary school, dealing with the “transition period” of middle school, when “things didn’t work out in our favor.” 
  
 Finally, he talked about his senior year. 
  
 “Everything seemed different,” he said. “Teachers became mentors, friends became family, and Southwest Edgecombe High became home.” 
  
 “I am no expert in this journey we call life, but we all have the ability to make a difference and to be that change the world needs,” Wright continued. “The past 13 years have equipped us for a time as this to stand bold in who we are. So I say to my classmates, cherish these last few minutes we spend here and the memories we have created and get ready for the journey ahead.” 
  
 Marvin was his mother’s last child to graduate high school. His relatives drove to watch him speak and receive his diploma. While she’s glad he gave an address in his own words, Jokita Wright wished her son could have left the school that day with the diploma he rightfully earned, she said. 
  
 “He can’t get that day back,” his mother said. “That was a special moment for me, it was a special moment for him.” 
  
 Luckily, Marvin received the diploma just in time for the day he needed it most. On Monday, he officially committed to entering the U.S. Navy, after which he hopes to study pediatric surgery. 
  
 The high school graduate will report for duty on Oct. 10. ||||| Thank you for being one of our most loyal readers. Please consider supporting community journalism by subscribing. 
  
 Posted Tuesday, June 13, 2017 8:20 pm |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?