Given the question: Information:  - Aviation is the practical aspect or art of aeronautics, being the design, development, production, operation and use of aircraft, especially heavier than air aircraft. The word "aviation" was coined by French writer and former naval officer Gabriel La Landelle in 1863, from the verb "avier" (synonymous flying), itself derived from the Latin word "avis" ("bird") and the suffix "-ation".  - White Heat is a 1949 film noir starring James Cagney, Virginia Mayo and Edmond O'Brien and featuring Margaret Wycherly and Steve Cochran. Directed by Raoul Walsh from an Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts screenplay, it is based on a story by Virginia Kellogg. Considered one of the classic gangster films, this film was added to the National Film Registry in 2003 as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the United States Library of Congress.  - The Chicago metropolitan area, or Chicagoland, is the metropolitan area associated with the city of Chicago, Illinois, and its suburbs. With an estimated population of 9.4 million people, it is the third largest metropolitan area in the United States. Chicagoland is the area that is closely linked to the city through geographic, social, economic, and cultural ties.  - A county is a geographical region of a country used for administrative or other purposes, in certain modern nations. The term is derived from the Old French "conté" or "cunté" denoting a jurisdiction under the sovereignty of a count (earl) or a viscount. The modern French is "comté", and its equivalents in other languages are "contea", "contado", "comtat", "condado", "Grafschaft", "graafschap", "Gau", etc. (cf. "conte", "comte", "conde", "Graf").  - A film director is a person who directs the making of a film. Generally, a film director controls a film's artistic and dramatic aspects, and visualizes the script while guiding the technical crew and actors in the fulfillment of that vision. The director has a key role in choosing the cast members, production design, and the creative aspects of filmmaking. Under European Union law, the director is viewed as the author of the film.  - Time Warner, Inc. (also known as AOL Time Warner from 2001-2003; stylized as TimeWarner) is an American multinational media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It is currently the world's third largest entertainment company in terms of revenue, after Comcast and The Walt Disney Company. It was also once the world's largest media conglomerate. Time Warner was first founded in 1990 with the merger of Time Inc. and Warner Communications. The current company consists largely of the assets of the former Warner Communications (as well as HBO, a Time Inc. subsidiary prior to the merger), and the assets of Turner Broadcasting (which was acquired by the company in 1996). Time Warner currently has major operations in film and television, with a limited amount in publishing operations. Among its most popular assets are HBO, Turner Broadcasting System, The CW Television Network, Warner Bros., CNN, DC Comics, and as of August 2016, Hulu, owning 10%. In the past, other major divisions of Time Warner included Time Inc., AOL, Time Warner Cable, Warner Books and Warner Music Group. All of these operations were either sold to other investors or spun off as independent companies from 2004 to 2014.  - Taxi! is a 1932 American Pre-Code gangster film starring James Cagney and Loretta Young. The movie was directed by Roy Del Ruth.  - Chicago (or ), officially the City of Chicago, is the third-most populous city in the United States, and the fifth-most populous city in North America. With over 2.7 million residents, it is the most populous city in the state of Illinois and the Midwestern United States, and the county seat of Cook County. The Chicago metropolitan area, often referred to as Chicagoland, has nearly 10 million people and is the third-largest in the U.S.  - Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County in Southern California, United States, northwest of downtown Los Angeles. The population at the 2010 census was 103,340.  - Edward Woods (July 5, 1903  October 8, 1989) was an American actor. He is probably best known for his extensive role as Matt Doyle in "The Public Enemy" opposite James Cagney.  - Jean Harlow (born Harlean Harlow Carpenter; March 3, 1911  June 7, 1937) was an American film actress and sex symbol of the 1930s.  - The Chicago Outfit (also known as the Outfit, the Chicago Mafia, the Chicago Mob, or The Organization) is an Italian-American organized crime syndicate based in Chicago, Illinois which dates back to the 1910s. It is part of the American Mafia originating in Chicago's South Side. The Outfit rose to power in the 1920s, under the control of Johnny Torrio and Al Capone and the period was marked by bloody gang wars for distribution of illegal alcohol during Prohibition. Since then, the Outfit has been involved in a wide range of criminal activities, including loansharking, gambling, prostitution, extortion, political corruption, and murder. Following Capone's conviction for income tax evasion, the Outfit was run by Paul Ricca and Tony Accardo for more than 50 years after Frank Nitti killed himself instead of going to jail. Accardo took over as boss sometime in the 1940s and was one of the longest sitting bosses of all time right up until his death in the early 1990s.  - The 1st Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 1927 and 1928 and took place on May 16, 1929, at a private dinner held at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles, California. AMPAS president Douglas Fairbanks hosted the show. Tickets cost $5 (which would be $69 in 2016 considering inflation), 270 people attended the event and the presentation ceremony lasted fifteen minutes. Awards were created by Louis B. Mayer, founder of Louis B. Mayer Pictures Corporation (at present merged into Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer). It is the only Academy Awards ceremony not to be broadcast either on radio or television.  - North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere. It can also be considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.  - The American Film Institute (AFI) is a film organization that educates filmmakers and honors the heritage of the moving picture arts in the U.S. AFI is supported by private funding and public membership.  - Angels with Dirty Faces is a 1938 American crime film directed by Michael Curtiz for Warner Brothers. It stars James Cagney, Pat O'Brien, The Dead End Kids, Humphrey Bogart, Ann Sheridan, and George Bancroft. The screenplay was written by John Wexley and Warren Duff, and is based on the story by Rowland Brown. The film chronicles the rise and fall of the notorious gangster William "Rocky" Sullivan. After spending three years in prison for armed robbery, Rocky intends to collect $100,000 from his co-conspirator, Jim Frazier. All the while, Father Jerry Connolly tries to prevent a group of youths from falling under Rocky's influence.  - Illinois is a state in the midwestern region of the United States, achieving statehood in 1818. It is the 5th most populous state and 25th largest state in terms of land area, and is often noted as a microcosm of the entire country. The word "Illinois" comes from the Algonquin word for "tribe of superior men". With Chicago in the northeast, small industrial cities and great agricultural productivity in central and northern Illinois, and natural resources like coal, timber, and petroleum in the south, Illinois has a diverse economic base and is a major transportation hub. The Port of Chicago connects the state to other global ports from the Great Lakes, via the Saint Lawrence Seaway, to the Atlantic Ocean, as well as the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River, via the Illinois River. For decades, O'Hare International Airport has been ranked as one of the world's busiest airports. Illinois has long had a reputation as a bellwether both in social and cultural terms and politics.  - Murray Kinnell (24 July 1889  11 August 1954) was an English actor, recognised for playing smooth, gentlemanly, although rather shady characters. He appeared in 71 films between 1930 and 1937.  - Beryl Mercer (13 August 1882  28 July 1939) was an actress of stage and screen who was based in the United States.  - A gangster is a criminal who is a member of a gang. Some gangs are considered to be part of organized crime. Gangsters are also called mobsters, a term derived from "mob" and the suffix "-ster". Gangs provide a level of organization and resources that support much larger and more complex criminal transactions than an individual criminal could achieve. Gangsters have been active for many years in countries around the world.  - George Orson Welles (May 6, 1915  October 10, 1985) was an American actor, director, writer, and producer who worked in theatre, radio, and film. He is remembered for his innovative work in all three: in theatre, most notably "Caesar" (1937), a Broadway adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar"; in radio, the legendary 1938 broadcast "The War of the Worlds"; and in film, "Citizen Kane" (1941), consistently ranked as one of the all-time greatest films.  - William Henry Pratt (23 November 1887  2 February 1969), better known by his stage name Boris Karloff, was an English actor.  - James Francis Cagney, Jr. (July 17, 1899March 30, 1986) was an American actor and dancer, both on stage and in film, though he had his greatest impact in film. Known for his consistently energetic performances, distinctive vocal style, and deadpan comic timing, he won acclaim and major awards for a wide variety of performances. He is best remembered for playing multifaceted tough guys in movies such as "The Public Enemy" (1931), "Taxi!" (1932), "Angels with Dirty Faces" (1938), and "White Heat" (1949), and was typecast or limited by this view earlier in his career. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked him eighth among its list of greatest male stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema. Orson Welles said of Cagney, "[he was] maybe the greatest actor who ever appeared in front of a camera", and Stanley Kubrick considered him to be one of the best actors of all time.  - The Midwestern United States, also referred to as the American Midwest or simply the Midwest, is one of the four geographic regions defined by the United States Census Bureau, occupying the northern central part of the United States of America. It was officially named the North Central region by the Census Bureau until 1984.  - Alphonse Gabriel "Al" Capone (January 17, 1899  January 25, 1947) was an American gangster who attained fame during the Prohibition era as the co-founder and boss of the Chicago Outfit. His seven-year reign as crime boss ended when he was 33 years old.  - A film distributor is responsible for the marketing of a film. The distribution company is usually different from the production company. Distribution deals are an important part of financing a film.  - Mae Clarke born Violet Mary Klotz (August 16, 1910  April 29, 1992) was an American actress. She is best remembered for playing Dr. Henry Frankenstein's bride Elizabeth Lavenza, who is chased by Boris Karloff, in "Frankenstein", and also, for having a grapefruit smashed into her face, by James Cagney in "The Public Enemy". Both films were released in 1931.  - Rose Joan Blondell (August 30, 1906  December 25, 1979) was an American actress who performed in movies and on television for half a century.  - The Academy Award for Best Picture is one of the Academy Awards presented annually since the awards debuted in 1929, by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) to producers working in the film industry and is the only category in which every member is eligible to submit a nomination. The actors or actresses in the film will not accept this award unless he or she produced the film.  - A film studio (also known as movie studio or simply studio) is a major entertainment company or motion picture company that has its own privately owned studio facility or facilities that are used to make films, which is handled by the production company. The majority of firms in the entertainment industry have never owned their own studios, but have rented space from other companies.  - The Public Enemy ( released as Enemies of the Public in the United Kingdom ) is a 1931 American all - talking Pre-Code crime film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. . The film was directed by William A. Wellman and stars James Cagney , Jean Harlow , Edward Woods , Donald Cook , and Joan Blondell . The film relates the story of a young man 's rise in the criminal underworld in prohibition - era urban America . The supporting players include Beryl Mercer , Murray Kinnell , and Mae Clarke . The screenplay is based on a never - published novel by two former street thugs -- Beer and Blood by John Bright and Kubec Glasmon -- who had witnessed some of Al Capone 's murderous gang rivalries in Chicago .  - Stanley Kubrick (July 26, 1928  March 7, 1999) was an American film director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, editor, and photographer. He is frequently cited as one of the greatest and most influential directors in cinematic history. His films, which are mostly adaptations of novels or short stories, cover a wide range of genres, and are noted for their realism, dark humor, unique cinematography, extensive set designs, and evocative use of music.  - Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (known professionally as Warner Bros. Pictures, often referred to as Warner Bros. and Warner Brothers and abbreviated as WB) is an American entertainment company, film studio and film distributor that is a division of Time Warner and is headquartered in Burbank, California. It is one of the "Big Six" major American film studios.  - William Augustus Wellman (February 29, 1896  December 9, 1975) was an American film director notable for his work in crime, adventure and action genre films, often focusing on aviation themes, a particular passion. He also directed several well-regarded satirical comedies. Beginning his film career as an actor, he went on to direct over 80 films, at times co-credited as producer and consultant. In 1927, Wellman directed "Wings", which became the first film to win an Academy Award for Best Picture at the 1st Academy Awards ceremony.    What entity does 'the public enemy' has the relation 'main subject' with?
The answer is: