CLOSE Members of 20 different fire departments were on hand to make sure the fire didn't spread to other units. Doug Raflik/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 
  
 Buy Photo Apartment building 109 of the Village Glen Apartments in Beaver Dam was set ablaze under a watchful eye from area fire departments because dangerous chemicals were still present after explosions on March 5, 7 and 8 made it unsafe to try to salvage the building, officials said, citing the risk of another explosion or chemical exposure to workers. Doug Raflik/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin (Photo: USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)Buy Photo 
  
 BEAVER DAM - The man who died in an explosion in his Beaver Dam apartment last month had white supremacist material along with an array of explosive chemicals, guns and ammunition, according to search warrants unsealed in Dodge County. 
  
 Benjamin D. Morrow, 28, of Beaver Dam, was killed when his unit in Village Glen Apartments' building 109 exploded on March 5. There were no other deaths or injuries. 
  
 In search warrants released Thursday, investigators found that Morrow had a "homemade explosives laboratory" in the apartment. They found his body in the kitchen by the stove, which had a burner on. 
  
 RELATED: FBI examining background of man who died in apartment explosion 
  
 RELATED: Beaver Dam apartment burn a success; some personal items retrieved 
  
 Morrow, who had a background in chemistry, had jars and bottles of chemicals used to make bombs, as well as what appeared to be finished explosives in the apartment. There also were instructions on how to make bombs as well as timers and gunpowder, the warrant said. 
  
 Agents also recovered at least three long guns, two handguns, more than 2,000 rounds of ammunition, a ballistic helmet and vest, and masks from his apartment, the warrant says. 
  
 Among the items recovered in a search of Morrow's apartment was literature concerning white supremacist groups. The warrant does not provide details about the groups or other specifics. Officials declined to provide more details than what was in the warrants. 
  
 The discovery of the white supremacist material, in part, prompted agents to search computers and other electronics to see if Morrow was acting alone or in concert with others. 
  
 Department of Justice Special Agent Kevin Heimerl said in the warrant that someone with the kind of material found in Morrow's apartment may be acting alone to "commit some type of attacks with those explosives." 
  
 But people also may work with others to conduct surveillance and carry out attacks in concert with accomplices, Heimerl said. 
  
 Beaver Dam Lt. of Detectives Terrence Gebhardt said investigators are not seeking other individuals but the investigation remains open to follow leads. He did not elaborate. 
  
 Dodge County District Attorney Kurt Klomberg said no one has been referred to his office for prosecution. 
  
 CLOSE The explosive materials were too volatile to remove so they needed to be detonated in the apartment. Doug Raflik/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin 
  
 Officials also searched a storage locker rented by Morrow but found nothing of importance to the investigation. Morrow saw the owner of the storage company the day of the explosion and told her he would be moving his items out by the end of March. 
  
 A native of Black Creek, Morrow had worked at Richelieu Foods in Beaver Dam for 10 months before his death. His co-workers reported that Morrow often came to work smelling like mothballs, which investigators said could have been an attempt to disguise the odor of working with explosive material. 
  
 Morrow previously worked as a scientist at PPD Inc. in Madison, a research company specializing in drug development, from 2014 until last year. 
  
 Morrow went to Pensacola Christian College in Florida, graduating in 2013 with a degree in pre-pharmacy and minors in chemistry and math. 
  
 After the explosion that killed Morrow, a controlled detonation was conducted March 7 in an effort to eliminate remaining chemicals, and a smaller explosion occurred the following day. 
  
 When the controlled detonation failed to eliminate the threat, authorities took the unusual step of burning the 16-unit apartment building on March 15. Officials said the presence of dangerous chemicals on-site made it unsafe to try to salvage the building, citing the risk of another explosion or chemical exposure to workers. 
  
 As part of the preparation for the burn, bomb techs from the FBI removed ammunition and hazardous materials from the building. 
  
 During that sweep, bomb techs also retrieved some property in other units, including important papers, jewelry, money and other family heirlooms. That was a change from an earlier position taken by authorities, which called for no one to retrieve personal items for the roughly 30 other residents from the building prior to its burn. 
  
 Klomberg, the district attorney, said the decision to burn the building was correct but it was very difficult to see residents have "much of their lives burned up." 
  
 "It was one of the most heart-wrenching things that I have been involved in," he said. 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://fondul.ac/2GB9Hmy ||||| Benjamin Morrow was found dead with white supremacist literature and the ingredients for a notorious bomb known as the “Mother of Satan.” 
  
 Morrow, 28, died in an explosion in the kitchen of his Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, apartment on March 5. His home was filled with bomb-making substances so volatile that firefighters chose to destroy the 16-unit apartment block in a controlled blaze, rather than let Morrow’s neighbors continue to live in the building. A search warrant unsealed last week revealed that Morrow kept white supremacist literature in his home. Investigators’ application for a second warrant suggests that Morrow had plans, announcing that he was clearing out a rented storage locker just hours before his death. 
  
 Kevin Heimerl of the Wisconsin Department of Justice called Morrow’s apartment a “homemade explosives laboratory.” When they responded to reports of an explosion at the home, investigators passed “a one gallon metal container of acetone,” an investigator told a judge in a newly unsealed warrant application. 
  
 Acetone is an explosive substance and ingredient in the “Mother of Satan”: a volatile bomb used by terrorists in ISIS attacks in Manchester, England, and Paris, France, in recent years. 
  
 Also sitting in plain sight where two white cardboard boxes stamped with the words “mix it, shake it, shoot it,” and three more packages labeled “sonic boom,” Heimerl testified, adding that he suspected the boxes contained materials that would explode when combined. Investigators also found pipes and pipe caps in the apartment. 
  
 When they entered the kitchen, investigators found Morrow dead in front of a still-lit stove. An “overpressure blast” had destroyed much of the room, blowing out the doors and windows and burying Morrow under the collapsed ceiling. Containers with more chemicals were spilling out an open refrigerator door. 
  
 The scene was so volatile that authorities barred the rest of the apartment building’s residents from re-entering their homes, and burned the entire building to the ground in a 1,600-degree controlled blaze overseen by 100 firefighters. Residents left their valuables inside. One of Morrow’s neighbors told the Wisconsin State Journal he planned on digging through the rubble to find a dead relative’s World War II dog tags, which had been left inside to burn. 
  
 At the time of the fire, the contents of Morrow’s apartment remained a mystery. But an unsealed warrant describes Morrow as building a terrifying arsenal. 
  
 In addition to more bomb-making materials, Morrow also had a collection of guns and accessories including a rifle scope, masks, vests, a ballistic helmet, and thousands of rounds of ammunition. 
  
 Morrow also had “white supremacist material” in his bedroom, the warrant said. 
  
 Beaver Dam police said the white supremacist literature didn’t necessarily mean Morrow was a white supremacist. 
  
 “It does cause me some concern but I want to make very clear just because Mr. Morrow was in the possession of this material, does not categorize in any particular light,” Lt. Terrence Gebhardt told CBS 58. “He could have been an individual that was doing research.” 
  
 But state investigators suggested the opposite. In an application for a search warrant, Heimerl raised the possibility that Morrow had worked with or been inspired by others, pointing to the white supremacist literature when a judge asked about “propaganda that raises concern for this kind of collaborative work.” 
  
 The investigator who swept Morrow’s room described the literature as relating to white supremacist groups that “will involve multiple members” in potentially violent activities. He did not specify which groups were named in the literature. 
  
 Members of Morrow’s church community have pushed back on the idea that Morrow built the bombs in his bedroom and kitchen, for which investigators found handwritten instructions. 
  
 “I’d love to defend Ben because he has been described as a bomb maker and he’s not a bomb maker,” Rev. Jerry Marsden, the pastor who conducted Morrow’s funeral told the Associated Press. “He wasn’t a recluse as some have said he is. He was far from that.” 
  
 In an obituary, Morrow’s family described him as a religious man, who grew up homeschooled and later studied pre-pharmacy, math, and chemistry at Pensacola Christian College in Florida. The search warrant revealed Morrow had a Bible among his white supremacist literature and bomb-making material. 
  
 When he wasn’t building bombs, he worked as a quality control technician at Richelieu Foods, according to his LinkedIn profile. His coworkers told investigators Morrow sometimes came to work with an unpleasant smell on his clothes. 
  
 “Some of those co-workers reported that it was common for Benjamin Morrow to arrive for work and he had an odor emitting from his person that co-worker’s described as smelling like moth balls,” Heimerl told a judge in an application for a second warrant. “Those co-workers further stated that they had made comments to Benjamin Morrow about the fact that they could smell moth balls on him.” 
  
 Mothballs are made of flammable chemicals, which may explain the smell. 
  
 The second warrant application reveals that police were interested in the contents of a storage unit Morrow rented. On the morning of the fatal explosion, Morrow visited the storage company “and notified the business that he would be moving his personal property out of the storage unit by the end of March,” Heimerl told the judge in the warrant application, speculating that Morrow might have rented the storage unit to keep strong-smelling chemicals from his home. 
  
 The second warrant, the findings of which are not public, also extend to Morrow’s computers, flash drives, and phone. The records could reveal where Morrow received the white supremacist literature—and whether he was acting alone. 
  
 “I am aware that a person could work solely to connect this type of manufacturing homemade explosives themselves,” Heimerl said. “But I am also equally aware that individuals oftentimes communicate, inspire and engage with other persons to manufacture homemade explosives.” ||||| Explosive chemicals, white supremacist material found in apartment of man killed in Beaver Dam explosion 
  
 To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video 
  
 BEAVER DAM, Wis. (CBS 58) – Newly unsealed search warrants are detailing what investigators found inside the Beaver Dam apartment where police say they found bomb-making materials. 
  
 On March 5, officials were called to an apartment complex on Knaup Drive for an explosion. Inside, they found 28-year-old Benjamin Morrow dead and volatile chemicals inside the apartment. 
  
 Investigators call Morrow’s apartment a “homemade explosive laboratory and in addition to bomb-making equipment, they found literature about white supremacist groups in his bedroom. 
  
 According to the court documents, Morrow was found dead in front of the stove, which was on, and investigators testified they believe he was making explosive at the time of the blast. 
  
 Inside the apartment, investigators found a fridge full of homemade explosives along with other explosive chemicals, pipes, fuses, and chemistry equipment. 
  
 They also found several guns and hundreds of rounds of ammunition along with a ballistics helmet and vest. Morrow also had white supremacist materials but police say they’re still investigating what role that played in Morrow’s apartment full of deadly devices. 
  
 “It does cause me some concern but I want to make very clear just because Mr. Morrow was in the possession of this material, does not categorize in any particular light. He could have been an individual that was doing research,” said Lt. Terrence Gebhardt, Beaver Dam Lieutenant of Detectives. 
  
 The FBI is reviewing those white supremacy documents. A spokesman for the FBI said they cannot comment on open investigations. 
  
 Beaver Dam residents say it is scary learning what was inside Morrow’s apartment. 
  
 Residents and police say they never thought something like this would happen in Beaver Dam. Detectives say the materials found in the apartment are relatively easy to get and it’s disturbing how easy it can be to make explosives. Officials also found instructions on how to make the bombs as well. 
  
 “We would not expect anything like this in the city of Beaver Dam. In my 25-year career, I’ve never encountered anything of this magnitude. It causes concern and pause and reflecting on my career,” said Gebhardt. 
  
 Police say they are still following all leads and are still encouraging the public to come through with any information. 
  
 See the list of what officials found inside the apartment below: 
  
 Following the explosion, the apartment complex and neighboring buildings were evacuated. Due to the unstable chemicals, authorities burned apartment building 109 in a controlled burn. 
  
 This is a developing story. Stay with CBS 58 on air and online for the latest updates. 
  
 Share this article: 
  
  
  
 email ||||| Close Get email notifications on Rob Schultz | Wisconsin State Journal daily! 
  
 Your notification has been saved. 
  
 There was a problem saving your notification. 
  
 Whenever Rob Schultz | Wisconsin State Journal posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. 
  
 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. |||||

Write a summary.