Article:
Former Heisman Trophy winner and NFL quarterback Tim Tebow made his intentions to play baseball known several weeks ago, and now he has an organization. And wouldn't you know it, he's signed with another orange and blue team, much like the Florida Gators and Denver Broncos. 
  
 Tim Tebow ... Meet the Mets. 
  
 We have signed OF @TimTebow to a minor league contract. He will participate in the #Mets Instructional League. pic.twitter.com/I6gmW0b6hY — New York Mets (@Mets) September 8, 2016 
  
 The AP reports that Tebow and the Mets agreed to a $100,000 signing bonus. As James Wagner notes on Twitter, $100,000 is the highest bonus a team can give to a post-draft signee without incurring penalties. To put that figure in context, signing bonus slots for 10th-round picks in 2016 ranged from $161,300 to $156,000. 
  
 Tebow will continue his work as a college football analyst for the SEC Network, which will require him to be absent from instructs for at least a couple of days a week. The Mets were reportedly the only team willing to make such allowances for Tebow. 
  
 As for anyone misguidedly wondering about the impact on the Mets in 2016, there is zero. Instructional leagues are where teams start the earliest stages of development on players either needing experience or long-injured players go to get back some game speed during their rehab process. Generally speaking, a player like Tebow in instructionals is far, far away from hitting the majors. 
  
 As for the notion that Tebow might somehow be "taking someone else's spot," he's not. Spots in instructionals aren't limited and most of the game action isn't even limited to regular game-type situations. The at-bats aren't really limited, nor is the time spent on any given individual. 
  
 Basically, there's no real risk from a baseball standpoint for the Mets here. They are simply seeing what they can get out of a 29-year-old athlete who has flashed some upside despite being very raw. On that point, here's what GM Sandy Alderson said on Thursday: 
  
 This decision was driven by baseball, we are intrigued with the potential he has. @MetsGM on the minor league signing of @TimTebow. — New York Mets (@Mets) September 8, 2016 
  
 One thing that will surely be different than normal? The Tebow Media Circus along with the flocks of fans that come with it. One doesn't often see anything close to that in the instructionals. 
  
 As for the rest of us who are allowed to live in Tim Tebow's world, we're onto the next chapter. We know he's signed with the Mets. Now we breathlessly wait to see how far his major-league dream gets. His progress during the 2017 season will go a long way toward the conclusion of that chapter. How he fares in instructionals this year doesn't really impact that, but instead simply lays the foundation for 2017 spring training and beyond. 
  
 So what will constitute success for Tebow? He'll tell you himself: 
  
 "I would consider success giving it everything I have." - @TimTebow talks about his own expectations for success with the #Mets. — New York Mets (@Mets) September 8, 2016 
  
 Either way, the show starts soon. ||||| The Mets have signed former NFL quarterback and now aspiring pro baller Tim Tebow to a minor league contract, the team confirmed Thursday. (Published Thursday, Sept. 8, 2016) 
  
 What to Know "I just want to be someone to pursue what I believe in, what I'm passionate about," Tebow says 
  
 MLB scouts seemed impressed with his 60-yard dash time and muscled physique, but noted he still has much work to do 
  
 The former Heisman-winner won a playoff game with the Denver Broncos and didn't do much in his stint with the Jets as a backup quarterback 
  
 The Mets have signed former NFL quarterback and now aspiring pro baller Tim Tebow to a minor league contract that includes a $100,000 signing bonus, the team confirmed Thursday. 
  
 The national sports phenom and Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback will head to the Mets Instructional League in Port St. Lucie, Florida, Sept. 18 to start his professional baseball career, the team said. 
  
 "While I and the organization are mindful of the novel nature of this situation, this decision was strictly driven by baseball," Mets general manager Sandy Alderson said during a conference call. 
  
 "This was not something that was driven by marketing considerations or anything of the sort. We are extremely intrigued with the potential Tim has." 
  
 Last week, the 29-year-old Tebow worked out for nearly 50 scouts from 28 Major League Baseball teams, including the Mets, in Los Angeles as he embarked on yet another chapter in his unique athletic story. 
  
 The outfielder went through drills at the University of Southern California's Dedeaux Field for more than an hour, confidently chasing a dream deferred for 12 years. Declaring his football career essentially over, the 255-pound left-hander insists he is serious about becoming more than a baseball curiosity. 
  
 Tebow, who once led the Denver Broncos to a hail mary playoff win and whose plane was tracked by media nationwide when he flew to New York to sign a deal with the Jets as a backup quarterback, hasn't played baseball regularly since his junior year of high school. He left early to enroll at Florida, beginning a fabled college football career that led to the 2007 Heisman and two national titles for the Gators. 
  
 Celebs in the Stands: World Series Game 7 
  
 But 12 years ago, Tebow was a .494-hitting, all-county outfielder who loved hitting a baseball every bit as much as he loved leading a huddle. 
  
 "The second-hardest decision I ever made was giving up baseball to go to the University of Florida and play football," Tebow, whose choice of Florida over Alabama was the toughest, said last week. "There wasn't a season that went by that it wasn't something that I thought about. When I felt like I had this opportunity, I wanted to take it and pursue it with everything I had." 
  
 "The goal would be to have a career in the big leagues," Tebow added. "I just want to be someone to pursue what I believe in, what I'm passionate about. A lot of people will say, 'But what if you fail? What if you don't make it?' Guess what? I don't have to live with regret. I did everything I could. I pushed it. I would rather be someone that could live with peace and no regret than what-if, or being scared." 
  
 Top Sports Photos 
  
 Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York ||||| Jayson Stark thinks it is very difficult to believe the Mets' signing of Tim Tebow to a minor league contract was just a baseball decision, calling him a marketing opportunity. (1:12) 
  
 Tim Tebow signed a minor league contract with the New York Mets on Thursday and will begin his professional baseball career in the fall instructional league on Sept. 19 in Port St. Lucie, Florida. 
  
 Mets general manager Sandy Alderson insisted that signing Tebow, a former NFL quarterback, is not a publicity stunt. 
  
 "While I and the organization, I think, are mindful of the novel nature of this situation, this decision was strictly driven by baseball," Alderson said on a conference call with Tebow and agent Brodie Van Wagenen on Thursday to announce the agreement that includes a $100,000 signing bonus. "This was not something that was driven by marketing considerations or anything of the sort. We are extremely intrigued with the potential that Tim has. 
  
 "He has demonstrated over his athletic career that he is a tremendous athlete, has got character, a competitive spirit. Aside from the age (29), this is a classic player-development opportunity for us. As an organization, we're going to provide that development opportunity for Tim." 
  
 The decision nonetheless was made at the highest levels of the organization -- by Alderson and chief operating officer Jeff Wilpon -- and did not intimately involve the team's baseball-operations personnel. The Mets were one of 28 teams to attend Tebow's showcase last week in Los Angeles. 
  
 Tebow acknowledged his upcoming baseball journey is "not one that will be necessarily easy." 
  
 "I know this is a tough game," Tebow said. "But I'm looking forward to putting in the work and I felt like this was the best fit." 
  
 Tebow, who hasn't played organized baseball since his junior year at Nease High School in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, in 2005, has been working out with former big league catcher Chad Moeller in Scottsdale, Arizona, since Memorial Day. Tebow spent almost two hours last week at the Southern California's Dedeaux Field running a 60-yard dash, shagging fly balls, throwing from the outfield and taking swings against former major league pitchers David Aardsma and Chad Smith in his audition for clubs. 
  
 Tim Tebow will report to the fall instructional league on Sept. 19, but will be excused a couple of days each week to fulfill his commitment as a college football analyst for ESPN. AP Photo/Chris Carlson 
  
 Tebow won the Heisman Trophy for the Florida Gators in 2007 and helped the team take two national championships. He played professionally for the Denver Broncos and New York Jets from 2010 to 2012. He spent training camps with the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles in 2013 and 2015, respectively, but never played in the regular season for those teams. 
  
 Since 2013, Tebow has been a college football analyst for ESPN. Alderson said Tebow will be excused a couple of days each week from fall instructional league to fulfill that commitment. 
  
 "Tim is committed to his role at SEC Network and ESPN this fall," Stephanie Druley, ESPN senior vice president, event and studio production, said in a statement. "We have always been supportive of Tim's athletic pursuits. His new schedule will allow him to continue as a college football analyst on SEC Nation this fall." 
  
 Former major league pitchers Dallas Braden, who is now an ESPN analyst, and C.J. Nitkowski questioned how serious Tebow was about playing baseball based on the arrangement to give him excused days off each week. 
  
 Wonder how the kid who doesn't get to go to instructs feels about Tebow breaking down a defense as opposed to taking hacks or fly balls... — Dallas Braden (@DALLASBRADEN209) September 8, 2016 
  
 I was on board with this #Tebow thing until I read he will miss multiple days per week in instructional league to do TV. No longer serious. — CJ Nitkowski (@CJNitkowski) September 8, 2016 
  
 After Tebow participates in the fall instructional league, which primarily is for teenage prospects, Alderson is not ruling out sending Tebow to the Arizona Fall League or a winter league. First, the Mets want to better gauge Tebow's readiness and determine whether it would be more beneficial to receive individual instruction during the offseason. 
  
 Even if Tebow never reaches the majors, Alderson insisted this is a win for the Mets because of the example Tebow's work ethic and character will set for the minor leaguers. 
  
 Still, Alderson insisted Tebow has on-field potential. 
  
 "Any player evaluation starts with tools," Alderson said. "From that standpoint, without grading everything out, suffice it to say Tim has been a great athlete. He has demonstrated more than rudimentary baseball skills. We think, with his commitment to success, that this is an opportunity that is worthwhile. 
  
 "In terms of power, in terms of arm, in terms of foot speed, all of those things, we think he can be a baseball player. I think that is underscored by his competitiveness and his determination to succeed and to improve. From our standpoint, this is another opportunity for us to develop a player and see where it goes. We understand most players don't make it to the major leagues." 
  
 Alderson said there's no guarantee Tebow will be invited to major league camp during spring training. He also added Tebow's signing is a "standalone proposition" and unrelated to Van Wagenen representing other Mets clients, including Yoenis Cespedes -- who has an opt-out this winter -- as well as Noah Syndergaard and Jacob deGrom. 
  
 "Brodie represents a number of players on our team," Alderson said. "But in the course of our conversations regarding Tim, none of those players were mentioned, none were in mind. I think Brodie is professional enough to keep all of those things separate." 
  
 The Mets will not be able to capitalize on Tebow's fame from a marketing standpoint, either. For that to happen, Tebow must be added to the team's 40-man roster and sign the group licensing agreement. MLB.com and Mets.com, in fact, are rejecting any fan who tries to make a custom Tebow jersey through the website. 
  
 Tebow said he came close to pursuing baseball a year ago, but the Eagles' interest tabled it. 
  
 "It's been something that I've been thinking about for a little while and came close to pulling the trigger on last year," Tebow said. "Then, actually, when I was in the middle of going through a day of training for baseball, [then-Eagles coach] Chip Kelly called and then I had to figure that out. ... We all know how that turned out." 
  
 Former Broncos teammate Eric Decker, now with the New York Jets, said he "expected" Tebow to be signed. 
  
 "When you have 30 scouts coming to your workout, someone is going to sign you," Decker said. "We'll see how he does next spring in whatever camp it is. Best of luck to him. 
  
 "I believe Tim has a big heart and he's a good person. He's such a competitor that this is an outlet for him. But from the outside, I can see how it looks as a publicity stunt. I mean, he's got a good gig right now with the SEC Network. I'm sure he could do a daily talk show if he wanted. He's well-liked. I think this is him being competitive, wanting to get that fire again." 
  
 Asked about his preferred position, Tebow said he'll take his cue from the organization. But he noted he's a lefty thrower, so there's a limit. 
  
 "My best position is whatever they feel like it is," he said. "I feel comfortable in the outfield. I feel comfortable at first base." 
  
 What would Tebow deem success during his baseball pursuit? Is it major leagues or bust? 
  
 "I would consider success giving everything I have," he said. 
  
 Decker said that's the kind of teammate that Tebow has been in the past and what he expects him to be in the future. 
  
 "Guys will have to respect what he's done during his tenure in the NFL and who he is and the college football player he was. There's going to be mixed emotions (among his new teammates), I'm sure," Decker said. "He's going to be a good teammate. I think he's going to be very respectful. 
  
 "He's not going to come in with a chip on his shoulder or (say), 'I'm Tim Tebow, here's the red carpet.' He's not that type of guy in my experience. Guys will respect his work ethic and the person." 
  
 ESPN's Darren Rovell and Rich Cimini contributed to this report. |||||Summary: