Write a summary based on this article:

This frame taken from a video released by the Italian firefighters, shows an aerial view of the collapsed Morandi highway bridge in Genoa, northern Italy, Tuesday, Aug. 14, 2018. A large section of the... (Associated Press) 
  
 This frame taken from a video released by the Italian firefighters, shows an aerial view of the collapsed Morandi highway bridge in Genoa, northern Italy, Tuesday, Aug. 14, 2018. A large section of the bridge collapsed over an industrial area in the Italian city of Genova during a sudden and violent... (Associated Press) 
  
 MILAN (AP) — The Latest the collapse of a bridge in Italy (all times local): 
  
 5:10 p.m. 
  
 The mayor of the Italian city of Genoa says the death toll in the collapse of a highway bridge in the city has risen. 
  
 Genoa Mayor Marco Bucci told Sky TG24 that the number of dead was now above 25 people and that 11 others who were injured have been pulled from the rubble. 
  
 A huge section of the Morandi Bridge on a main highway linking Italy with France collapsed Tuesday in Genoa during a sudden, violent storm, sending vehicles plunging 45 meters (nearly 150 feet) into a heap of rubble below. 
  
 Hundreds of rescue workers with sniffer dogs are searching through the tons of rubble and twisted metal looking for more victims. 
  
 The bridge is on a key highway that connects Genoa to the eastern Liguria coastline and to France. 
  
 ___ 
  
 4:45 p.m. 
  
 It's too early to say what caused the deadly collapse of a highway bridge in the Italian city of Genoa, but corrosion or weather conditions could have been part of the cause, a structural engineer specializing in bridges says. 
  
 "As this reinforced and prestressed concrete bridge has been there for 50 years it is possible that corrosion of tendons or reinforcement may be a contributory factor," said Ian Firth, former president of The Institution of Structural Engineers. 
  
 "The fact that there was reported to be a storm at the time may or may not be particularly relevant. In addition, ongoing work on the bridge may or may not be partly responsible for the collapse," he added. 
  
 Firth said the bridge is an unusual design but is similar to a larger bridge in Venezuela, and both were designed by Riccardo Morandi. 
  
 ___ 
  
 3:45 p.m. 
  
 The head of Italy's civil protection agency Angelo Borrelli has put the number of victims of the Genoa bridge collapse at 20 people dead and 13 injured. 
  
 Borrelli told a press conference in Rome on Tuesday that the victims appear to all have been in vehicles that plunged from the bridge. Borrelli said that while there are two warehouses below the collapse it is believed they were closed for the summer holiday and that no one was inside. He said no residences were involved. 
  
 Borelli said that highway engineers were checking the safety of the bridge in other points, and that some areas were being evacuated as a precaution. 
  
 Earlier, Italy's deputy transport minister Edoardo Rixi said the number of victims had risen to at least 22 dead and eight injured. 
  
 ___ 
  
 3:30 p.m. 
  
 Italian 
  
 Rixi told Sky TG24 that, as he was speaking, emergency response crews were recovering a body from an automobile that was suspended on a central part of the bridge. 
  
 Rixi said it is "the biggest tragedy involving a bridge of this importance in Europe in the last decades." 
  
 He said that at least 20 vehicles on the bridge had plunged in the collapse, and that also people in buildings below the bridge were in some way involved. That included the trash management offices for the city of Genoa. 
  
 ___ 
  
 3 p.m. 
  
 French President Emmanuel Macron has offered Italy his country's help after a bridge collapsed in the Italian city of Genoa. 
  
 The president's office said that Macron, who is currently staying at a presidential residence in southern France, had a phone call with Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte. 
  
 In French and Italian, Macron wrote on Twitter: "Our thoughts go to the victims, their relatives and all the Italian people. France stands by Italy in that tragedy and is ready to provide all necessary support." 
  
 The disaster occurred on a major highway that connects Italy to France and other vacation resorts. 
  
 ___ 
  
 2:20 p.m. 
  
 The Italian news agency ANSA citing the Interior Ministry says that 11 people are confirmed dead in the collapse of a highway bridge in the port city of Genoa. 
  
 ANSA reported Tuesday that five people are injured and in serious condition. The Interior Ministry press office could not immediately confirm the fatalities. 
  
 An official with Italian firefighters, Amalia Tedeschi, told RAI state TV that some 20 vehicles, including cars and trucks, had been involved in the collapse. She confirmed that two people had been extracted alive from vehicles, with injuries. 
  
 Tedeschi said that sniffer dogs are at work in the rubble looking for more injured and victims. In addition, heavy equipment was being moved in so they could lift pieces of the bridge. 
  
 Tedeschi said the part of the bridge that collapsed was about 80 meters (yards) in length. Media reports had earlier put it at 200 meters. 
  
 ___ 
  
 1:30 p.m. 
  
 Italian news agency ANSA says one person has been extracted alive from the rubble of the bridge collapse near the northern city of Genoa and is being transported by helicopter to a hospital. 
  
 ANSA says Italian rescue workers have identified at least 10 vehicles involved the bridge collapse. 
  
 There was no immediate word on overall deaths or injuries. Maria Luisa Catalano of the highway police in Genoa said work was ongoing, adding, "we don't know numbers of victims/injured yet." 
  
 Interior Minister Matteo Salvini said some 200 fire fighters are responding to the accident. On Twitter he says "we are following minute by minute the situation of the bridge collapse in Genoa." 
  
 The bridge is an important interchange between the northern regions of Lombardy and Piedmont and the beaches of Liguria, and to the main highway heading westward into France. 
  
 ___ 
  
 12:55 p.m. 
  
 Italian authorities say that about 10 vehicles were involved when a raised highway collapsed during a sudden and violent storm in the northern port city of Genoa. 
  
 Private broadcaster Sky TG24 said that a 200-meter section of the Morandi Bridge collapsed Tuesday over an industrial zone, and firefighters told The Associated Press that there are concerns about gas lines. 
  
 Police on Twitter said the collapse occurred during a sudden, violent storm, while firefighters said vehicles were involved, indicating the likelihood of fatalities. 
  
 Photos published by the ANSA news agency on its website showed a huge gulf between two sections of the highway. 
  
 Video captured the sound of a man screaming: "Oh god, oh, god." Other images showed a green truck that had stopped just meters (yards) short of the gaping hole in the bridge. 
  
 ___ 
  
 12:30 p.m. 
  
 The Italian news agency ANSA says a raised highway has partially collapsed in the northern port city of Genoa. 
  
 There was no immediate word on deaths or injuries. ANSA said that authorities suspected that a structural weakness caused the collapse on Tuesday. 
  
 Images circulating on Italian media show the highway through the city with a large section missing. Emergency vehicles were responding. ||||| Rescuers in Italian city work through the night with sniffer dogs and heavy lifting equipment in scenes compared to an earthquake 
  
 Italian rescuers have searched through the night for any survivors from the motorway bridge collapse in Genoa that has now been confirmed to have killed 35 people. 
  
 “The latest official number is 35 but we can’t rule out it could rise further,” a Genoa police spokeswoman said on Wednesday. 
  
 Genoa bridge collapse – pictures from the scene Read more 
  
 More than a dozen people have been injured, most of them seriously. 
  
 One fire official, Emanuele Giffi, told AFP: “We’re not giving up hope, we’ve already saved a dozen people from under the rubble. 
  
 “We’re going to work round the clock until the last victim is secured.” 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rescuers inspect the rubble of the Morandi bridge. Photograph: Valery Hache/AFP/Getty Images 
  
 In what witnesses described as an “apocalypse”, an 80-metre section of the Morandi bridge on the A10 motorway came down in an industrial area of the port city during a sudden and violent storm at about 11.30am on Tuesday. About 30 vehicles, including cars and trucks, were on the affected section when it fell 100 metres, mostly on to rail tracks, the fire service said. 
  
 Investigators are now looking at what could have caused such a catastrophic collapse, creating a scene rescuers compared to the aftermath of an earthquake. Sniffer dogs searched through the rubble, and heavy equipment was moved in to lift pieces of the bridge. Heavy rain also made conditions more challenging. 
  
 As cars and trucks tumbled off the bridge, truck driver Afifi Idriss just managed to come to a halt in time. “I saw the green lorry in front of me stop and then reverse so I stopped too, locked the truck and ran,” he told AFP. 
  
 The green truck was still on the bridge in the late evening, stopped just short of the now yawning gap. 
  
 'Unusual' span of collapsed Genoa bridge had seen frequent repair work Read more 
  
 Aerial footage showed that the falling structure narrowly missed houses and other buildings as it collapsed over a river. 
  
 The disaster occurred on a major artery to the Italian Riviera and to France’s southern coast. Traffic would have been heavier than usual as many Italians were travelling to beaches or mountains on the eve of a public holiday, Ferragosto. 
  
 Play Video 0:32 Aftermath of motorway bridge collapse in Genoa – video 
  
 “The scene is apocalyptic, like a bomb had hit the bridge,” Matteo Pucciarelli, a journalist for La Repubblica who lives in Genoa, told the Guardian. “There are about 200 rescuers working continuously. People are in shock, it’s a very important arterial road that connects Lombardy and Piedmont with Liguria.” 
  
 Alberto Lercari, a bus driver, earlier told Corriere della Sera: “I saw people running towards me, barefoot and terrified. I heard a roar. People ran away coming towards me. It was horrible.” 
  
 Davide Ricci, who had been travelling south, told La Stampa: “The debris landed about 20 metres from my car. First the central pillar crumbled and then everything else came down.” 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest A police official sifts through the wreckage. Photograph: Flavio Lo Scalzo/EPA 
  
 Matteo Pierami drove across the bridge with his wife and child, aged two months, almost an hour before it collapsed. The family had been making their way from Lucca, in Tuscany, to the Ligurian town of Imperia. A couple of friends and their baby had been travelling in another car. 
  
 “I’ve had some time to calm down and am now trying to understand what happened, but my wife and our friends are very shocked,” Pierami said. 
  
 “We didn’t hear or see anything, but after passing the bridge stopped at an Autogrill [roadside restaurant], and started to receive calls from family.” 
  
 Pierami, an engineer, had driven over the bridge many times before. “There was lots of traffic; there is always a lot of traffic there.” 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest How the bridge appeared before its collapse. Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo 
  
 The Italian transport minister, Danilo Toninelli, immediately blamed the collapse on poor infrastructure maintenance and pledged that those responsible “would pay”. The minister, from the Five Star Movement, was rebuked by the opposition for using “political propaganda” so soon after the tragedy. 
  
 Giuseppe Conte, the prime minister, arrived in Genoa on Tuesday night and was expected to be joined later by his deputy, Luigi Di Maio. 
  
 Conte said: “It’s too early to talk about the causes and hypothesis, but one thing is certain, a tragedy of this kind cannot be repeated.” 
  
 The president, Sergio Mattarella, expressed his condolences in a statement, while stressing that Italians should be guaranteed the right “to modern and efficient infrastructure that accompanies everyday life”. 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest General view of collapsed Morandi bridge in Genoa. Photograph: Stefano Rellandini/Reuters 
  
 “Now is the time for a common commitment towards dealing with the emergency, assisting the injured and supporting those hit by the pain,” he added. “Then a serious investigation into the cause of what happened must follow. No authority can evade an exercise of full responsibility.” 
  
 The Morandi bridge, which was inaugurated in 1967, is 90-metres high and just over 1km long. Restructuring work on the bridge was carried out in 2016. The highway operator said work to strengthen the road foundations of the bridge was being carried out at the time of the collapse, and the bridge was constantly monitored. 
  
 Andrea Montefusco, an engineering expert at Luiss University in Rome, said: “It’s difficult to make any serious hypothesis right now. Some people are saying maybe lightning could have struck a cable on the bridge, but at this moment it’s too early to say anything about the cause.” 
  
 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rescuers among the rubble. Photograph: Luca Zennaro/EPA 
  
 Montefusco, who grew up in Genoa, added: “It [the bridge] was a sort of jewel in Italian engineering, because at that time it was built with new engineering techniques. I used to enjoy passing over the bridge as a child, it was a novelty.” 
  
 About 12 bridges and overpasses have collapsed in Italy since 2004, killing seven people between them. In early 2015 a €13m viaduct in Palermo collapsed within days of opening. Poor structural maintenance was identified as the cause in most of the cases. ||||| (ANSA) - Genoa, August 14 - The interior ministry said that 11 people are known to have have died after a section of a highway bridge in Genoa collapsed on Tuesday. It said five injured people were in hospital in a serious condition. 
  
 Several crushed vehicles are under the rubble with dead people inside and two people were pulled out alive, rescue sources said. Some lorries ended up in the Polvecera river, Carabinieri police sources said. 
  
 The Morandi viaduct upon which the A10 motorway runs gave way amid torrential rain. It runs over shopping centres, factories, some homes, the Genoa-Milan railway line and the river. 
  
 "I am following what has happened in Genoa with maximum ransport and Infrastructure Minister Danilo Toninelli said via Twitter. 
  
 "We are in close contact with the highways agency and we are going to the scene with deputy minister Rixi. "My total support and the moment is with the city". 
  
  |||||