Q:Information:  - A historical figure is a famous person in history, such as Alexander the Great, Gandhi, Hirohito, Bismarck, Washington, Napoleon or Mandela.  - The quest for the historical Jesus refers to academic efforts to provide a historical portrait of Jesus. Since the 18th century, three scholarly quests for the historical Jesus have taken place, each with distinct characteristics and based on different research criteria, which were often developed during each specific phase. These quests are distinguished from earlier approaches because they rely on the historical method to study biblical narratives. While textual analysis of biblical sources had taken place for centuries, these quests introduced new methods and specific techniques to establish the historical validity of their conclusions.  - Historicity is the historical actuality of persons and events, meaning the quality of being part of history as opposed to being a historical myth, legend, or fiction. Historicity focuses on the truth value of knowledge claims about the past (denoting historical actuality, authenticity, and factuality). The historicity of a claim about the past is its factual status.  - A Christian (or ) is a person who follows or adheres to Christianity, an Abrahamic, monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ. "Christian" derives from the Koine Greek word "Christós" (), a translation of the Biblical Hebrew term "mashiach".  - Fiction is the classification for any story or universe derived from imaginationin other words, not based strictly on history or fact. Fiction can be expressed in a variety of formats, including writings, live performances, films, television programs, animations, video games, and role-playing games, though the term originally and most commonly refers to the narrative forms of literature (see "literary" fiction), including the novel, novella, short story, and play. Fiction constitutes an act of creative invention, so that faithfulness to reality is not typically assumed; in other words, fiction is not expected to present only characters who are actual people or descriptions that are factually true. The context of fiction is generally open to interpretation, due to fiction's freedom from any necessary embedding in reality; however, some fictional works are claimed to be, or marketed as, historically or factually accurate, complicating the traditional distinction between fiction and non-fiction. Fiction is a classification or category, rather than a specific mode or genre, unless used in a narrower sense as a synonym for a particular literary fiction form.  - In Abrahamic religions, the Messiah or Messias is a saviour or liberator of a group of people, more specifically, the Jewish people.  - At the start of his reign, Japan was already one of the great powersthe ninth-largest economy in the world, the third-largest naval power, and one of the four permanent members of the council of the League of Nations. He was the head of state under the Constitution of the Empire of Japan during Japan's imperial expansion, militarization, and involvement in World War II. After the Japan's defeat of the war, he was not prosecuted for war crimes as many other leading government figures were, and his degree of involvement in wartime decisions remains controversial among historians. During the post-war period, he became the symbol of the new state under the post-war constitution and Japan's recovery, and by the end of his reign, Japan had emerged as the world's second largest economy.  - Napoleon Bonaparte ("Napoléon Bonaparte";  , born ""Napoleone di Buonaparte""; 15 August 1769  5 May 1821) was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars. As Napoleon I, he was Emperor of the French from 1804 until 1814, and again in 1815. Napoleon dominated European and global affairs for more than a decade while leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars. He won most of these wars and the vast majority of his battles, building a large empire that ruled over continental Europe before its final collapse in 1815. One of the greatest commanders in history, his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide. Napoleon's political and cultural legacy has ensured his status as one of the most celebrated and controversial leaders in human history.  - A parable is a succinct, didactic story, in prose or verse, which illustrates one or more instructive lessons or principles. It differs from a fable in that fables employ animals, plants, inanimate objects, or forces of nature as characters, whereas parables have human characters. A parable is a type of analogy.  - John the Baptist ("Ioánnes (h)o baptistés" or   , "Ioánnes (h)o baptízon", known as the prophet "Yahya" in the Quran), also known as John the Baptizer, was a Jewish itinerant preacher in the early first century AD. John is revered as a major religious figure in Christianity, Islam, the Bahá'í Faith, and Mandaeism. He is called a prophet by all of these traditions, and is honoured as a saint in many Christian traditions.  - Nazareth ("Narat" "Narath" "an-Nira") is the capital and the largest city in the Northern District of Israel. Nazareth is known as "the Arab capital of Israel". In its population was . The inhabitants are predominantly Arab citizens of Israel, of whom 69% are Muslim and 30.9% Christian. Nazareth Illit (lit. "Upper Nazareth") is built alongside old Nazareth, and had a Jewish population of 40,312 in 2014. The Jewish sector was declared a separate city in June 1974.  - The Christian Church is a term generally used to refer to the whole group of people belonging to the Christian religious tradition throughout history. In this understanding, the "Christian Church" does not refer to a particular Christian denomination but to the body of all believers. Some Christians believe that the term "Christian Church" or "Church" applies only to a specific historic Christian institution (e.g., the Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church, and Oriental Orthodoxy). The Four Marks of the Church first expressed in the Nicene Creed are unity, holiness, catholicity, and apostolicity.  - A myth is any traditional story consisting of events that are ostensibly historical, though often supernatural, explaining the origins of a cultural practice or natural phenomenon. The word "myth" is derived from the Greek word mythos, which simply means "story". Mythology can refer either to the study of myths, or to a body or collection of myths. Myth can mean 'sacred story', 'traditional narrative' or 'tale of the gods'. A myth also can be a story to explain why something exists.  - Christianity is a monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ, who serves as the focal point for the religion. It is the world's largest religion, with over 2.4 billion followers, or 33% of the global population, known as Christians. Christians believe that Jesus is the Son of God and the savior of humanity whose coming as the Messiah (the Christ) was prophesied in the Old Testament.  - The Old Testament is the first section of the Christian Bible, based primarily upon the Hebrew Bible (or Tanakh), a collection of religious writings by ancient Israelites believed by most Christians and religious Jews to be the sacred Word of God. It is the counterpart to the New Testament, the second portion of the Christian Bible. The Old Testament canon varies between Christian Churches. Protestants have a version with 39 books. Catholics have a version with 46 books, and Eastern Orthodox, and Oriental Orthodox Churches choose the Old Testament version with 49 books.  - In Judaism, a rabbi is a teacher of Torah. This title derives from the Hebrew word ' , meaning "My Master" (irregular plural ' ), which is the way a student would address a master of Torah. The word "master" "" literally means "great one".  - Jesus (; c. 4 BC  c. AD 30/33), also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ, was a Jewish preacher and religious leader who became the central figure of Christianity. Christians believe him to be the Son of God and the awaited Messiah (Christ) prophesied in the Old Testament. Virtually all modern scholars of antiquity agree that Jesus existed historically, although the quest for the historical Jesus has produced little agreement on the historical reliability of the Gospels and on how closely the biblical Jesus reflects the historical Jesus. Jesus was a Galilean Jew who was baptized by John the Baptist and subsequently began his own ministry, preaching his message orally and often being referred to as "rabbi". He was arrested and tried by the Jewish authorities, and was crucified by the order of Pontius Pilate, the Roman prefect. Jesus debated fellow Jews on how to best follow God, performed healings, taught in parables and gathered followers. After his death, his followers believed he rose from the dead, and the community they formed eventually became the Christian Church.  - The term "historical Jesus" refers to attempts to "reconstruct the life and teachings of Jesus of Nazareth by critical historical methods," in "contrast to Christological definitions ('the dogmatic Christ') and other Christian accounts of Jesus ('the Christ of faith')." It also considers the historical and cultural context in which Jesus lived.  - The historical reliability of the Gospels refers to the reliability and historic character of the four New Testament gospels as historical documents. Some believe that all four canonical gospels meet the five criteria for historical reliability; some say that little in the gospels is considered to be historically reliable. Almost all scholars of antiquity agree that Jesus existed, but scholars differ on the historicity of specific episodes described in the Biblical accounts of Jesus, and the only two events subject to "almost universal assent" are that Jesus was baptized by John the Baptist and was crucified by the order of the Roman Prefect Pontius Pilate. Elements whose historical authenticity is disputed include the two accounts of the Nativity of Jesus, the miraculous events including the resurrection, and certain details about the crucifixion.  - The historicity of Jesus concerns whether Jesus of Nazareth , born c 7 -- 2 BC , existed as a historical figure , whether the episodes portrayed in the gospels can be confirmed as historical events as opposed to myth , legend , or fiction , and the weighing of the evidence relating to his life . One of the chief problems confronting scholars interested in the historicity of Jesus , like that of the historicity of King Arthur , is that there are no contemporary records of his life or existence . Like many genuinely historical figures of antiquity , all records of his historicity come from one or more generations after his death , the earliest source being that found in the Epistles of Paul dated to AD 59 , who discusses his crucifixion . Other sources such as that of Josephus or Tacitus date even later . Historians interested in the historicity of Jesus are confronted by discussing the nature of these historic records and the intention and points of view of their authors . Although there is `` near universal consensus '' among scholars that Jesus existed historically , biblical scholars differ about the beliefs and teachings of Jesus as well as the accuracy of the details of his life that have been described in the gospels . While scholars have sometimes criticized Jesus scholarship for religious bias and lack of methodological soundness , with very few exceptions , such critics do support the historicity of Jesus , and reject the theory that Jesus never existed , known as the Christ myth theory . Certain scholars , particularly in Europe , have recently made the case that while there are a number of plausible `` Jesi '' that could have existed , there can be no certainty as to which Jesus was the historical Jesus , and that there should also be more scholarly research and debate on this topic . The historicity of Jesus is distinct from the related study of the historical Jesus , which refers to scholarly reconstructions of the life of Jesus , based primarily on critical analysis of the gospel texts ....  - History (from Greek , "historia", meaning "inquiry, knowledge acquired by investigation") is the study of the past as it is described in written documents. Events occurring before written record are considered prehistory. It is an umbrella term that relates to past events as well as the memory, discovery, collection, organization, presentation, and interpretation of information about these events. Scholars who write about history are called historians.  - Alexander III of Macedon (20/21 July 356 BC  10/11 June 323 BC), commonly known as Alexander the Great ("Aléxandros ho Mégas" ), was a king ("basileus") of the Ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon and a member of the Argead dynasty. Born in Pella in 356 BC, Alexander succeeded his father, Philip II, to the throne at the age of twenty. He spent most of his ruling years on an unprecedented military campaign through Asia and northeast Africa, and by the age of thirty he had created one of the largest empires of the ancient world, stretching from Greece to northwestern India. He was undefeated in battle and is widely considered one of history's most successful military commanders.  - A legend is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and listeners to take place within human history and demonstrating human values, and which possesses certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude. Legend, for its active and passive participants, includes no happenings that are outside the realm of "possibility", but may include miracles. Legends may be transformed over time, in order to keep them fresh and vital, and realistic. Many legends operate within the realm of uncertainty, never being entirely believed by the participants, but also never being resolutely doubted.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'historicity of jesus' exhibits the relationship of 'part of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 18th century  - address  - animals  - arab  - august  - bible  - c  - christian church  - christianity  - city  - classification  - discovery  - eastern orthodox church  - economy  - empire  - fiction  - head  - hebrew  - hebrew bible  - history  - human  - iii  - india  - islam  - japan  - jesus christ  - judaism  - july  - legend  - life  - literature  - mandaeism  - may  - messiah  - military campaign  - mythology  - narrative  - new testament  - old testament  - organization  - part  - person  - phenomenon  - population  - quran  - recovery  - religion  - resurrection  - state  - supernatural  - tanakh  - torah  - universe  - variety  - war
A: