Federal prosecutors involved in escapee’s case get protection BY FRANK MAIN AND FRAN SPIELMAN Staff Reporters 
  
 Joseph "Jose" Banks escaped from the Metropolitan Correctional Center at 71 W. Van Buren St. Last week, Banks told U.S. District Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer, “You’ll hear from me!” after he was found guilty of bank robbery. | FBI photo 
  
 storyidforme: 41897451 
  
 tmspicid: 15470045 
  
 fileheaderid: 7004157 
  
 Updated: 
  
 Even though he made an apparent threat to a judge last week, Joseph “Jose” Banks wasn’t under extra security in the federal jail in downtown Chicago. 
  
 The convicted bank robber escaped from the Metropolitan Correctional Center early Tuesday with fellow bank robber Kenneth Conley. They apparently crawled through a hole bashed in their 17th-floor cell and slid down a rope fashioned from sheets. 
  
 Last week, Banks told U.S. District Judge Rebecca Pallmeyer, “You’ll hear from me!” after he was found guilty of bank robbery. An apparent threat like that would typically land a prisoner in a special housing unit where he would be allowed out just one hour a day until authorities checked it out, said a source familiar with the jail’s procedures. 
  
 The decision to house Banks in the general jail population raises questions about the security there, the source said. Indeed, Pallmeyer and the federal prosecutors in Banks’ case are now being given special protection because of the apparent threat. 
  
 On Wednesday, authorities said a videotape from a private surveillance camera showed the robbers fleeing in a cab on Congress Parkway around 2:40 a.m. Tuesday. 
  
 Officials continued the manhunt Wednesday and the FBI offered a $50,000 reward for information leading to the escapees’ capture. 
  
 On Wednesday, the head of the national jail guards union and Chicago Police Supt. Garry McCarthy raised questions about the escape, but federal prison officials didn’t have many answers. 
  
 Dale Deshotel, president of the Council of Prison Locals 33, said the escape raises key concerns about whether there was enough staffing at the jail and whether it was an “inside job” that involved a bribed jail employee. He also wondered whether jail officials assigned anyone to conduct regular patrols outside the facility to look for signs of an escape. 
  
 McCarthy said the daring breakout will almost certainly result in disciplinary action — and it should. 
  
 “There’s probably some sort of a systematic problem, and I’m sure that they will address it,” he said. 
  
 Banks and Conley were accounted for at a 10 p.m. Monday head count. Jail employees discovered the escape at 7 a.m. Tuesday. It’s unclear what happened during the usual head counts at midnight, 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. 
  
 Ed Ross, spokesman for the U.S. Bureau of Prisons, said escapes from “secured facilities” like the MCC are rare. 
  
 “From time to time, we have inmates who walk away from camps, but those are not considered secured facilities, and they don’t have fences and perimeter patrols,” he said. 
  
 Ross said the last escape from a secured federal facility was in 2006, when convicted murderer Richard McNair busted out of the U.S. penitentiary in Pollock, La. 
  
 Ross said he couldn’t provide details of the circumstances surrounding Tuesday’s escape. 
  
 In 1985, two inmates engineered a similar breakout from the MCC. They smuggled a barbell from a workout area into their sixth-floor cell and punched a hole in the cinder-block wall. They used a cord connected to a floor buffer to rappel down the wall to the plaza below. 
  
 Last year, a Chicago narcotics kingpin testified about several glaring security breaches at the MCC. Saul Rodriguez told a jury he recruited his wife and an inmate to smuggle a cellphone into the jail. He also said he used his job as a jail orderly to get close to a Mexican drug cartel leader who wanted government witnesses killed. ||||| Two convicted bank robbers who pulled off a daring overnight escape from a high-rise Chicago jail had changed from their prison garb by the time they hopped into a cab near the lock-up, investigators said Wednesday as they expanded their manhunt for the men. 
  
 This photo shows the Metropolitan Correctional Center Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012, in Chicago. Two convicted bank robbers used a knotted rope or bed sheets to escape from the federal prison window high above... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police tape surrounds the Metropolitan Correctional Center Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012, in Chicago. Two convicted bank robbers used a knotted rope or bed sheets to escape from the federal prison window high... (Associated Press) 
  
 A rope dangles from a window on the back side of the Metropolitan Correctional Center Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012, in Chicago. Two convicted bank robbers used a knotted rope or bed sheets to escape from the... (Associated Press) 
  
 This undated photo provided by the FBI shows , Kenneth Conley, left and Jose Banks two inmates who escaped from the Metropolitan Correctional Center in downtown Chicago Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012. Chicago... (Associated Press) 
  
 A Chicago police officer stands guard in the lobby of the Metropolitan Correctional Center Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012, in Chicago. Two convicted bank robbers used a knotted rope or bed sheets to escape from... (Associated Press) 
  
 shreds of cloth hang at the end of a rope that dangles from a window on the back side of the Metropolitan Correctional Center Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012, in Chicago. Two convicted bank robbers used a knotted... (Associated Press) 
  
 This undated photo provided by the FBI shows , Kenneth Conley one of two inmates who escaped from the Metropolitan Correctional Center in downtown Chicago Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012. Chicago Police Sgt.... (Associated Press) 
  
 A harness and the end of a rope dangles from a window on the back side of the Metropolitan Correctional Center Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012, in Chicago. Two convicted bank robbers used a knotted rope or bed... (Associated Press) 
  
 This undated photo provided by the FBI shows Jose Banks, one of two inmates who escaped from the Metropolitan Correctional Center in downtown Chicago Tuesday, Dec. 18, 2012. Chicago Police Sgt. Michael... (Associated Press) 
  
 Authorities were raiding houses and combing through records looking for anybody with ties to the inmates who climbed out a jail window and descended 20 stories using a makeshift rope. 
  
 The FBI said surveillance footage from a camera near the Metropolitan Correctional Center shows Kenneth Conley and Joseph Banks getting into a cab at about 2:45 a.m. Tuesday _ about two hours before guards were supposed to do a bed check and four hours before workers spotted the rope dangling from the federal jail. The pair had changed from their orange jail-issued jumpsuits into light-colored pants and shirts, the FBI said. 
  
 "We don't know if they fashioned their own clothes, or what," said Special Agent Frank Bochte. 
  
 The FBI was offering a $50,000 reward for information leading to the apprehension of Conley and Banks, with the manhunt focused mainly on Chicago and its suburbs. 
  
 Law enforcement officials said at least three homes in the suburbs south of Chicago where one of the inmates once lived were searched Tuesday, and a suburban strip club where Conley once worked confirmed that investigators had visited. 
  
 Investigators believe the men had been at a home in Tinley Park, 25 miles southwest of Chicago, just hours before police SWAT teams stormed it. A law enforcement official said the home was that of Conley's mother and that after the woman refused to let the escapees in, the men used a rock to break a window. 
  
 The person, who was not authorized to discuss the investigation so would speak only on condition of anonymity, said authorities also searched the home of a former girlfriend of Conley in nearby New Lenox, where the escapees had eaten breakfast. 
  
 In Orland Park, which borders Tinley Park, police Chief Timothy McCarthy said records revealed Conley had been arrested several years ago on a robbery charge. 
  
 "We looked at our own files and came up with a former colleague, a past associate," he said. 
  
 Orland Park officers helped search a house where the associate lives or once lived, he said, but there was no evidence the escaped inmates had been there. 
  
 But the chain of events illustrates just the kind of thing investigators are doing: looking through records, arrest reports and even traffic tickets in the hopes of finding where the men went. 
  
 Authorities have not said exactly how many people are involved with the search. But the entire 35-member staff of the U.S. Marshals Service's Chicago office was involved, a show of force that spokeswoman Belkis Cantor said "was rare." 
  
 Many questions remained about how the two managed to pull off such an escape from the federal prison in the heart of downtown Chicago. At the top of the list is how they could have smashed a gaping hole into the wall at the bottom of a 6-inch wide window being heard or seen by correctional officers. 
  
 Another question is why, in the federal facility that houses some 700 inmates, the correctional officers didn't notice the men were missing between a 10 p.m. headcount and one at 5 a.m. 
  
 A guidebook for jail inmates indicates there would have been headcounts at midnight and 3 a.m. But inmates aren't required to stand for those headcounts, only for ones at 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. It's unclear if guards may have been fooled by items the FBI said the men stuffed under their beds to make it appear they were there. 
  
 It's also unclear what happened between when authorities have said guards first realized the men were missing and when the rope was spotted at 7 a.m. 
  
 Authorities also have not said how the two men managed to collect 200 feet of bed sheet or how the broke through the wall. 
  
 The escape bore a striking resemblance to one at the same jail in 1985. In that case, convicted murderer Bernard Welch and an accomplice, Hugh Colomb, smashed through a window with a bar from a weight set and used bed sheets and an electrical cord attached to a floor buffer to descend six stories to the ground. 
  
 William Rollins, a Washington, D.C., police detective at the time who was brought in by the U.S. Marshals Service to investigate, said the noise of breaking the wall would have been deafening. But he thinks other inmates would have gladly made a lot of noise to drown out the sound. 
  
 "They will lure a guard into the laundry room and have all the dryers going," said Rollins, now retired, whose investigation is included in a book about Welch by Jack Burch and James B. King called "Ghost Burglar." 
  
 Not only that, but he said his investigation revealed that inmates had hidden hacksaw blades in ceiling tiles and drill bits in bed frames. 
  
 "And they used a vacuum cleaner motor to power the drill bit," he said. "These guys are really creative." 
  
 Rollins said it's likely Conley and Banks are still in the area. The vast majority of escapees don't stray too far, he said. 
  
 "They stay where they feel comfortable in that environment," he said. ||||| The mother of one of the two bank robbers who daringly escaped from a Chicago jail cell by breaking through the window and scurrying down the building, notified the police of their visit to her Tinley Park suburban home. 
  
 Joseph "Jose" Banks and Kenneth Conley turned up at the home of Sandy Conley after they scaled the wall of the jail using a rope fashioned from bed sheets and blankets. Once they arrived at the home where Conley's mother lived with her other children on Tuesday morning, they were quickly turned away, her landlord said. 
  
 "He came into the house and he was with the other guy, and they came up and she said, 'I can't help you.' Then she called the police," Ron Bailey, Sandy Conley's landlord, told ABCNews.com. "I don't know if I'd have been able to do that to my own kid." 
  
 As a massive manhunt for the two bank robbers, who police said should be considered "armed and dangerous," entered its second day, the FBI announced it would offer a $50,000 reward for information leading to their apprehension, ABC-owned Chicago station WLS reported. 
  
 An upstairs neighbor told landlord Ron Bailey that Banks and Conley showed up at the home and Conley's mother took a gun away from him before they left, WLS reported. 
  
 The FBI stormed the house but believe they missed the escapees by a few hours. Banks, 37, and Conley, 38, were being held at the Metropolitan Correctional Center, a federal jail in Chicago's Loop District. Police said the two men, who were cell mates, were last seen in the jail Monday at 10 p.m. during a head count. 
  
 Bailey said that he was sitting at the bar he owns in Tinley Park watching the television when he saw news footage of his property being swarmed by police. 
  
 "I just saw the SWAT team and the feds coming at the house," he said. "I jumped in my car and got over there, but they wouldn't let me near the place. I waited half an hour, and then left." 
  
 Bailey said that he had spoken to Sandy Conley, who works as a home nurse, several times since her encounter with her son and Banks. 
  
 "She's upset, she's crying," he said. "She's a good woman." 
  
 In an FBI affidavit filed Tuesday night, authorities said sometime after the head count the two men stuffed their beds with clothes in the shape of bodies and broke the window inside their cell. They squeezed through the 5-inch window and scaled down more than 20 stories using a rope made of bed sheets, towels and blankets. 
  
 To cover up their escape, Banks and Conley made fake bars to put over the window and placed the actual metal bars inside a mattress, according to the affidavit. 
  
 Police did not realize the men had escaped until approximately 7 a.m. Tuesday when arriving employees noticed the rope that led the men to freedom still dangling from the building. 
  
 Four elementary schools and a middle school were put on a soft lockdown, and all after school activities were canceled after police got word the escapees had been spotted in Tinley Park, WLS reported. 
  
 FBI spokeswoman Joan Hyde said the trail had since gone cold, and that no one should take matters into their own hands if Banks and Conley were spotted. 
  
 Banks, known as the Second-Hand Bandit because he wore used clothes during his heists, was convicted last week of robbing two banks and attempting to rob two others. Court records show that he stole less than $600,000, but more than $500,000 of it is still missing, and he could have access to it, WLS reported. 
  
 Banks, who represented himself at trial, had to be restrained at one point and vowed he would seek retribution, telling the judge, "You'll hear from me," WLS reported. 
  
 Conley was scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 10 after he pleaded guilty to robbing $4,000 from a bank, according to WLS. |||||

Write a summary.