Please answer the following question: Information:  - Siobhán Emma Donaghy (born 14 June 1984) is an English singer-songwriter. She was a founding member of girl group the Sugababes and Mutya Keisha Siobhan. Donaghy left the Sugababes in 2001 following arguments and accusations in the trio with Keisha Buchanan. Donaghy released her debut solo album, "Revolution in Me", on 23 September 2003, which contained three single releases. Her second studio album, "Ghosts", was released on 25 June 2007. Donaghy appeared in a remixed version of the hit stage show "Rent" (titled "Rent Remixed") for its 20072008 run, playing the role of Mimi alongside Denise Van Outen.  - Sweet 7 is the seventh and final studio album by British girl group the Sugababes, released on 15 March 2010, by Island Records. It marks as the final release from the fourth line up following them splitting in 2011. Production for the album began in April 2009 and was completed in January 2010. "Sweet 7" is the only release since the controversial departure of Keisha Buchanan, who was replaced by 2009 Eurovision Song Contest entry Jade Ewen in September 2009. As a result of the group line-up change, "Sweet 7" was re-recorded to feature the vocals of new member Ewen and for the removal of former member Buchanan's vocals. As a result, this is the only album that features none of the original members.  - London Records is a record label in the U.K. that marketed records in the U.S, Canada, and Latin America from 1947 to 1979 before becoming semi-independent.  - Jade Louise Ewen (born 24 January 1988) is an English singer, songwriter, actress and a former member of the band Sugababes. Ewen began her singing career in a girl group named Trinity Stone, which signed with Sony BMG in 2005 but disbanded in 2007 without releasing an album. In 2009, after winning the right, she represented the United Kingdom in the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest by performing the Andrew Lloyd Webber penned "It's My Time". She finished in fifth place, making her the most successful British Eurovision act since 2002. She is well known for her Connie Francis-like vocals.  - Music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound and silence, which exist in time. The common elements of music are pitch (which governs melody and harmony), rhythm (and its associated concepts tempo, meter, and articulation), dynamics (loudness and softness), and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture (which are sometimes termed the "color" of a musical sound). Different styles or types of music may emphasize, de-emphasize or omit some of these elements. Music is performed with a vast range of instruments and vocal techniques ranging from singing to rapping; there are solely instrumental pieces, solely vocal pieces (such as songs without instrumental accompaniment) and pieces that combine singing and instruments. The word derives from Greek  ("mousike"; "art of the Muses"). In its most general form, the activities describing music as an art form include the production of works of music (songs, tunes, symphonies, and so on), the criticism of music, the study of the history of music, and the aesthetic examination of music. Ancient Greek and Indian philosophers defined music as tones ordered horizontally as melodies and vertically as harmonies. Common sayings such as "the harmony of the spheres" and "it is music to my ears" point to the notion that music is often ordered and pleasant to listen to. However, 20th-century composer John Cage thought that any sound can be music, saying, for example, "There is no noise, only sound."  - `` Shape '' is a song by English girl group Sugababes , released as the fourth and final single from their second studio album , Angels with Dirty Faces ( 2002 ) . It was composed by Sting , Dominic Miller , and Craig Dodds , who produced the song . The midtempo pop and R&B ballad incorporates a sample of Sting 's 1993 recording `` Shape of My Heart '' , whose vocals are featured in the chorus . It received mixed reviews from critics , who were ambivalent towards the sample of `` Shape of My Heart '' . The single attained moderate success and reached the top twenty on the charts in Ireland , the Netherlands , Norway and the United Kingdom . The song 's music video was directed by Michael Gracey and Pete Commins , and filmed in Sydney , Australia . The video was censored and later re-shot due to its depiction of nudity . It features the Sugababes at a masquerade ball in a mansion . The Sugababes performed `` Shape '' on GMTV , at the V Festival , and on tour in support of their albums .  - Dominic Miller (born 21 March 1960) is an Argentinian-born British-American guitarist best known for his involvement in Sting's projects for over 20 years. Together they wrote "Shape of My Heart," which would be sampled by various artists, including in hit songs for Craig David and the Sugababes. He has released several solo albums.  - The Sugababes were an English girl group, formed in 1998 with founding members Siobhán Donaghy, Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan. Their debut album, "One Touch", was released in the UK through London Records on 27 November 2000. The album achieved moderate success, peaking at number 26 in April 2001 and eventually being certified Gold. In 2001, Donaghy departed the group amid rumours of a rift with Buchanan and the group were dropped by their record label. With the introduction of Heidi Range, former member of fellow English girl group Atomic Kitten, the group began to experience a higher level of commercial success whilst keeping the critical acclaim they had achieved with their debut album. They released three studio albums before Buena announced her departure in December 2005, leading to Amelle Berrabah being brought in to replace her. Following the release of their first greatest hits album, the new line-up released two studio albums. In September 2009, after 11 years in the Sugababes, Buchanan, the final original member, was replaced by former UK Eurovision entry Jade Ewen. Range, Berrabah and Ewen released the group's seventh studio album, "Sweet 7", in 2010, after which they signed to RCA Records, before announcing an indefinite hiatus in 2011. In 2013, Ewen confessed that the Sugababes had split two years earlier. The original line-up of the band reformed in 2011, under the new name Mutya Keisha Siobhan.  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Amelle Berrabah (born 22 April 1984) is an English singer, songwriter and former member of the Sugababes who replaced founding member Mutya Buena in the group in December 2005. She achieved a solo number one single in 2009 after collaborating with Tinchy Stryder on their single "Never Leave You", making her the first and to date only member of the Sugababes to achieve a number one single outside the group.  - Heidi India Range (born 23 May 1983) is an English singer-songwriter. She is best known for being a former member of the group Sugababes. Range was an original member of girl group Atomic Kitten, although she left the group two years before releasing any material. In 2001 Range replaced Siobhán Donaghy of the Sugababes and had accumulated six UK number one singles as well as two number one studio albums with the group before splitting in 2011. Range has since concentrated on theatre work.  - RCA Records is an American major record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment (SME). It is one of SME's flagship record labels alongside sister labels Columbia Records and Epic Records. The label has released multiple genres of music, including pop, rock, hip hop, R&B, blues, jazz, and country. The company's name is derived from the initials of the label's former parent company, Radio Corporation of America (RCA). It is the second oldest recording company in U.S. history, after sister label Columbia Records. RCA's Canadian unit (formerly Berliner Gramophone Canada) is Sony's oldest label in Canada. It was one of only two Canadian record companies to survive the Great Depression.  - Doo-wop is a genre of music that was developed in African-Americans communities of New York City, Philadelphia, Chicago, Baltimore, Newark, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Detroit, Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles in the 1940s, achieving mainstream popularity in the 1950s and early 1960s. Built upon vocal harmony, doo-wop was one of the most mainstream, pop-oriented R&B styles of the time. Singer Bill Kenny (19141978) is often called the "Godfather of Doo-wop" for his introducing the "top and bottom" format which featured a high tenor singing the lead and a bass singer reciting the lyrics in the middle of the song. Doo-wop features vocal group harmony, nonsense syllables, a simple beat, sometimes little or no instrumentation, and simple music and lyrics.  - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.  - Craig Ashley David (born 5 May 1981) is a British singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer who rose to fame in 1999, featuring on the single, "Re-Rewind" by Artful Dodger. David's debut studio album, "Born to Do It", was released in 2000, after which he has released a further five studio albums and worked with a variety of artists such as Tinchy Stryder, Kano, Jay Sean, Rita Ora and Sting. David has 20 UK top 40 singles, and seven UK top 40 albums, selling over 14 million records worldwide as a solo artist.  - A girl group is a music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together. The term "girl group" is also used in a narrower sense in the United States of America to denote the wave of American female pop music singing groups, many of whom were influenced by doo-wop, and which flourished in the late 1950s and early 1960s between the decline of early rock and roll and start of the British Invasion.  - Keisha Kerreece Fayeanne Buchanan (born 30 September 1984) is an English singer-songwriter and was a founding member of the BRIT Award-winning girl group the Sugababes alongside Mutya Buena and Siobhan Donaghy, and later Heidi Range and Amelle Berrabah. With the Sugababes, Buchanan had six number one singles and two number one studio albums, making the Sugababes one of the most successful British pop acts of the 21st century. Buchanan was asked to leave the group in September 2009 and was replaced by Jade Ewen.  - "Shape of My Heart" is a song by American boy band Backstreet Boys. The song was released on October 3, 2000 as the lead single from their fourth studio album, "Black & Blue" (2000). It was written and produced by Max Martin and Rami Yacoub, and co-written by Lisa Miskovsky. The song debuted at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States, while reaching number eight on the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart.  - The British Invasion was a phenomenon that occurred in the mid-1960s when rock and pop music acts from the United Kingdom, as well as other aspects of British culture, became popular in the United States, and significant to the rising "counterculture" on both sides of the Atlantic. Pop and rock groups such as the Beatles, the Dave Clark Five, the Kinks, the Rolling Stones, Herman's Hermits, and the Animals were at the forefront of the invasion.  - A ballad is a form of verse, often a narrative set to music. Ballads derive from the medieval French "chanson balladée" or "ballade", which were originally "danced songs". Ballads were particularly characteristic of the popular poetry and song of the British Isles from the later medieval period until the 19th century. They were widely used across Europe, and later in the Americas, Australia and North Africa. Ballads are 13 lines with an ABABBCBC form, consisting of couplets (two lines) of rhymed verse, each of 14 syllables.  - Europe is a continent that comprises the westernmost part of Eurasia. Europe is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. To the east and southeast, Europe is generally considered as separated from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. Yet the non-oceanic borders of Europea concept dating back to classical antiquityare arbitrary. The primarily physiographic term "continent" as applied to Europe also incorporates cultural and political elements whose discontinuities are not always reflected by the continent's current overland boundaries.  - Atomic Kitten are an English pop girl group formed in Liverpool in 1998 whose current members are Natasha Hamilton, Kerry Katona and Liz McClarnon. The band was founded by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) frontman Andy McCluskey, who served as a principal songwriter during their early years. Sugababes singer Heidi Range was included in the original line-up but was replaced by Hamilton. The group's debut album "Right Now" was released in October 2000 and peaked at number 39 in the UK. After four top ten singles, Katona quit the group and was replaced by former Precious singer Jenny Frost. "Whole Again" (recorded before Katona left), their next single, became their most successful single when it topped the UK singles chart and became the 13th best-selling single of the 2000s. The group re-released their debut album, with some tracks re-recorded with Frost's vocals. In the UK, the album hit number one, going double platinum after selling over 600,000 copies.  - Rosa Isabel Mutya Buena (born 21 May 1985) is an English recording artist who rose to fame as a member of girl group the Sugababes. With the Sugababes, Buena had four UK number one singles, an additional six top-ten hits and three multi-platinum albums. After leaving the group in December 2005, she released her debut solo album, "Real Girl" in June 2007. In October 2010, Buena released a compilation album dedicated to British singers, titled "Sound of Camden: Mutya Buena".    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'shape ' with the relationship of 'record label'.  Choices: - album  - australia  - english  - europe  - india  - island  - island records  - labels  - latin  - london records  - melody  - pop  - rca  - rca records  - record  - sony  - sony music entertainment  - the beatles  - united kingdom
A: