Information:  - Gudrun Ensslin (15 August 1940  18 October 1977) was a founder of the German urban guerilla group Red Army Faction ("Rote Armee Fraktion", or RAF, also known as the Baader-Meinhof Gang). After becoming involved with co-founder Andreas Baader, Ensslin was influential in the politicization of Baader's anarchistic beliefs. Ensslin was perhaps the intellectual head of the RAF. She was involved in five bomb attacks, with four deaths, was arrested in 1972 and died on 18 October 1977 in what has been called Stammheim Prison's "Death Night".  - Mogadishu ("Maqadsh"), known locally as Hamar, is the capital and most populous city of Somalia. Located in the coastal Banaadir region on the Indian Ocean, the city has served as an important port for millennia. According to the United Nations Development Programme the population in 2005 was 901,183 and according to the CIA factbook in 2015 it was estimated to be 2,138,000.According to Demographia as of April 2016, it has a population of 2,265,000 residents.   - Somalia ( '), officially the Federal Republic of Somalia , is a country located in the Horn of Africa. It is bordered by Ethiopia to the west, Djibouti to the northwest, the Gulf of Aden to the north, the Indian Ocean to the east, and Kenya to the southwest. Somalia has the longest coastline on Africa's mainland, and its terrain consists mainly of plateaus, plains and highlands. Climatically, hot conditions prevail year-round, with periodic monsoon winds and irregular rainfall.  - Star Alliance is one of the world's largest global airline alliances. Founded on 14 May 1997, its current CEO is Mark Schwab and its headquarters is in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. , Star Alliance is the second largest global alliance by passenger count with 641.1 million, after SkyTeam (665.4 million) and ahead of Oneworld (557.4 million). Its slogan is "The Way The Earth Connects".  - Deutsche Lufthansa AG, commonly known as Lufthansa (sometimes also as "Lufthansa German Airlines"), is the largest German airline and, when combined with its subsidiaries, also the largest airline in Europe, in terms of fleet size, and the second largest airline in terms of passengers carried during 2016. It operates services to 18 domestic destinations and 197 international destinations in 78 countries across Africa, the Americas, Asia, and Europe, using a fleet of more than 270 aircraft. Lufthansa is one of the five founding members of Star Alliance, the world's largest airline alliance, formed in 1997. The name of the company is derived from Luft (the German word for "air"), and Hansa (a Latin term meaning "guild" most commonly used historically in reference to the Hanseatic League).  - Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most-populous continent. At about 30.3 million km² (11.7 million square miles) including adjacent islands, it covers 6% of Earth's total surface area and 20.4 % of its total land area. With 1.1 billion people as of 2013, it accounts for about 15% of the world's human population. The continent is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, both the Suez Canal and the Red Sea along the Sinai Peninsula to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The continent includes Madagascar and various archipelagos. It contains 54 fully recognized sovereign states (countries), nine territories and two "de facto" independent states with limited or no recognition.  - Hanns Martin Schleyer (1 May 1915  18 October 1977) was a German business executive and employer and industry representative, and a former SS Untersturmführer, who served as President of two powerful commercial organizations, Confederation of German Employers' Associations ("Bundesvereinigung der Deutschen Arbeitgeberverbände", BDA) and Federation of German Industries ("Bundesverband der Deutschen Industrie", BDI). He was targeted as an enemy by radical elements of the German student movement due to his role in those business organisations and his past activities as an officer of the SS.   - Bavaria  is a federal state of Germany. Located in the German southeast with an area of 70,548 square kilometres (27,200 sq mi), Bavaria is the largest German state. Its territory comprises roughly a fifth of the total land area of Germany, and, with 12.9 million inhabitants, it is Germany's second most populous state. Munich, Bavaria's capital and largest city, is the third largest city in Germany.  - The Boeing Company is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue, and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value. Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.  - Lufthansa Flight 181 was a Boeing 737 -- 230 Adv aircraft named Landshut that was hijacked on 13 October 1977 , by four members of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine who called themselves Commando Martyr Halima . The objective of the hijacking was to secure the release of imprisoned Red Army Faction leaders . On 18 October , the aircraft was stormed by the West German counter-terrorism group GSG 9 in Mogadishu , Somalia , and all 86 passengers rescued . The rescue operation was codenamed Feuerzauber ( German term for `` Fire Magic '' ) . The hijacking is considered to be part of the German Autumn .  - The Red Army Faction or Red Army Fraction (RAF; German: "Rote Armee Fraktion"), in its early stages commonly known as the Baader-Meinhof Group or Baader-Meinhof Gang, was a West German far-left terrorist group supported by the Stasi. The RAF was founded in 1970 by Andreas Baader, Gudrun Ensslin, Horst Mahler, and Ulrike Meinhof. The West German government considered the Red Army Faction to be a terrorist organization.  - The Confederation of German Employers' Associations or BDA (German: "Bundesvereinigung der Deutschen Arbeitgeberverbände") is the umbrella organization for German employers' associations. It represents interest groups in the areas of industry, the tertiary sector, banking, commerce, transport, trade and agriculture. In 1977, the head of the BDA, Hanns Martin Schleyer, was murdered by the Red Army Faction, a far-left German militant group.  - The term highland or uplands is used to denote any mountainous region or elevated mountainous plateau. Generally speaking, upland (or uplands) tends to refer to ranges of hills, typically up to 500-600 m. Highland (or highlands) is usually reserved for ranges of low mountains.  - Horst Mahler (born 23 January 1936) is a German former lawyer and political activist. He once was an extreme-left militant and a founding member of the Red Army Faction, but later became a Maoist before switching to Neo-Nazism. Between 2000 and 2003, he was a member of the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany. Since 2003, he has repeatedly been convicted of "Volksverhetzung" ("incitement of popular hatred") and Holocaust denial and is currently serving a twelve-year prison sentence.  - The Dow Jones Industrial Average , also called DJIA, the Industrial Average, the Dow Jones, the Dow Jones Industrial, ^DJI, the Dow 30 or simply the Dow, is a stock market index, and one of several indices created by "Wall Street Journal" editor and Dow Jones & Company co-founder Charles Dow. The industrial average was first calculated on May 26, 1896. Currently owned by S&P Dow Jones Indices, which is majority owned by S&P Global, it is the most notable of the Dow Averages, of which the first (non-industrial) was first published on February 16, 1885. The averages are named after Dow and one of his business associates, statistician Edward Jones. It is an index that shows how 30 large publicly owned companies based in the United States have traded during a standard trading session in the stock market. It is the second-oldest U.S. market index after the Dow Jones Transportation Average, which was also created by Dow. The "Industrial" portion of the name is largely historical, as many of the modern 30 components have little or nothing to do with traditional heavy industry. The average is price-weighted, and to compensate for the effects of stock splits and other adjustments, it is currently a scaled average. The value of the Dow is not the actual average of the prices of its component stocks, but rather the sum of the component prices divided by a divisor, which changes whenever one of the component stocks has a stock split or stock dividend, so as to generate a consistent value for the index. Since the divisor is currently less than one, the value of the index is larger than the sum of the component prices. Although the Dow is compiled to gauge the performance of the industrial sector within the American economy, the index's performance continues to be influenced by not only corporate and economic reports, but also by domestic and foreign political events such as war and terrorism, as well as by natural disasters that could potentially lead to economic harm.  - West Germany is the common English name for the Federal Republic of Germany or FRG (or "RFA") in the period between its creation on 23 May 1949 to German reunification on 3 October 1990. During this Cold War era, NATO-aligned West Germany and Warsaw Pact-aligned East Germany were divided by the Inner German border. After 1961 West Berlin was physically separated from East Berlin as well as from East Germany by the Berlin Wall. This situation ended when East Germany was dissolved and its five states joined the ten states of the Federal Republic of Germany along with the reunified city-state of Berlin. With the reunification of West and East Germany, the Federal Republic of Germany, enlarged now to sixteen states, became known simply as "Germany". This period is also referred to as the Bonn Republic ("Bonner Republik") by historians, alluding to the interwar Weimar Republic and the post-reunification Berlin Republic.  - Banaadir (or "Bandir") is an administrative region ("gobol") in southeastern Somalia. It covers the same area as the city of Mogadishu, Somalia's capital. Although by far the smallest administrative region in Somalia, it has the largest population, estimated at 1,650,227 (including 369,288 internally displaced persons) in 2014.  - Jürgen Ponto (17 December 1923 Bad Nauheim, Hesse - 30 July 1977 Frankfurt am Main) was a German banker and chairman of the Dresdner Bank board of directors. Previously, he had worked as a lawyer. He was assassinated by members of the Red Army Faction in events leading up to the German Autumn. Actor Erich Ponto was his uncle.  - Ethiopia ('), officially known as the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia"' (   , "yetiyoya Fdralaw Dmokirasyaw Rpebilk" ), is a country located in the Horn of Africa. It shares borders with Eritrea to the north and northeast, Djibouti and Somalia to the east, Sudan and South Sudan to the west, and Kenya to the south. With nearly 100 million inhabitants, Ethiopia is the most populous landlocked country in the world, as well as the second-most populous nation on the African continent after Nigeria. It occupies a total area of , and its capital and largest city is Addis Ababa.  - The German Autumn was a set of events in late 1977, associated with the kidnapping and murder of industrialist Hanns Martin Schleyer, president of the Confederation of German Employers' Associations (BDA) and the "Federation of German Industries" (BDI), by the Red Army Faction (RAF) insurgent group, and the hijacking of the Lufthansa airplane "Landshut" by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP). They demanded the release of ten RAF members detained at the Stammheim Prison plus two Palestinian compatriots held in Turkey and US$15 million in exchange for the hostages. The assassination of Siegfried Buback, the attorney-general of West Germany on 7 April 1977, and the failed kidnapping and murder of the banker Jürgen Ponto on 30 July 1977, marked the beginning of the German Autumn. It ended on 18 October, with the liberation of the "Landshut", the death of the leading figures of the first generation of the RAF in their prison cells, and the death of Schleyer.  - Kenya, officially the Republic of Kenya, is a country in Africa and a founding member of the East African Community (EAC). Its capital and largest city is Nairobi. Kenya's territory lies on the equator and overlies the East African Rift covering a diverse and expansive terrain that extends roughly from Lake Victoria to Lake Turkana (formerly called Lake Rudolf) and further south-east to the Indian Ocean. It is bordered by Tanzania to the south and southwest, Uganda to the west, South Sudan to the north-west, Ethiopia to the north and Somalia to the north-east. Kenya covers , and had a population of approximately 45 million people in July 2014.  - Landshut is a town in Bavaria in the south-east of Germany, belonging to both Eastern and Southern Bavaria. Situated on the banks of the River Isar, Landshut is the capital of Lower Bavaria, one of the seven administrative regions of the Free State of Bavaria. It is also the seat of the surrounding district, and with a population of more than 60,000. Landshut is the largest city in Lower Bavaria, followed by Passau and Straubing, and Eastern Bavaria's second biggest city.  - Stammheim Prison is a prison in Stuttgart, Baden Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the northern boundaries of Stuttgart in the city district of Stuttgart-Stammheim  right between fields and apartment blocks on the fringes of Stammheim. The prison was built as a supermax prison between 1959 and 1963 and taken into operation in 1964.   - Siegfried Buback (January 3, 1920, Wilsdruff, Saxony  April 7, 1977, Karlsruhe) was the Attorney General of Germany from 1974 until his death.  - Berndt Andreas Baader (6 May 1943  18 October 1977) was one of the first leaders of the German left-wing militant organization Red Army Faction, also commonly known as "the Baader-Meinhof Group".  - Ulrike Marie Meinhof (7 October 1934  9 May 1976) was a German left-wing militant. She co-founded the Red Army Faction ("Rote Armee Fraktion") in 1970 after having previously worked as a journalist for the monthly left-wing magazine "konkret". She was arrested in 1972, and eventually charged with numerous murders and the formation of a criminal association. Before the trial concluded, Meinhof was found hanged in her prison cell in 1976.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'lufthansa flight 181' with the relationship of 'end time'.  Choices: - 100  - 15  - 18 october 1977  - 1885  - 1896  - 1915  - 1920  - 1923  - 1934  - 1936  - 1940  - 1943  - 1949  - 1959  - 1961  - 1963  - 1964  - 1970  - 1974  - 1977  - 1997  - 200  - 2005  - 2013  - 2014  - 2015  - 2016  - 3 october 1990  - 500  - 650  - 70  - may 1943
The answer to this question is: