Article:
Inmates 'pissy' over Lindsay Lohan's 'special' jail perks like a TV and dresser in her private cell 
  
 Seib-Pool/Getty Inmates who have recently left jail have heard Lindsay Lohan is receiving special treatment behind bars. 
  
 It looks like Lindsay Lohan's jailhouse honeymoon is over. 
  
 A day after inmates cheered her arrival, some prisoners are already grousing about the "Mean Girls" actress. 
  
 Even though officials have insisted Lohan is treated like everyone else - beyond getting her own cell - rumors flew that the star is enjoying perks. 
  
 "She's getting special treatment. Some inmates were getting pissy over it," Debra Sickels, 30, said as she was released after doing 19 days for shoplifting. 
  
 Sickels said that during her stint, she was in the infirmary every day for medical treatment, "and the girls said they cleaned a special room for Lindsay. It had a regular hospital bed, a TV and a dresser for her new clothes and socks." 
  
 Other just-sprung inmates said they heard Lohan was paying for special food and new clothes and had a female guard at her disposal and access to a private phone. 
  
 "She's being treated like any other inmate in her classification. There's no special treatment at all," said Los Angeles sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore. 
  
 The "Freaky Friday" star was jailed Tuesday to serve a 90-day sentence for violating her probation by missing a string of alcohol education classes this year. 
  
 When she arrived in handcuffs and tears, prisoners yelled out her name and shouted, "God bless you!" 
  
 Lohan is expected to serve as little as two weeks because of good behavior and jail overcrowding. 
  
 On LiLo's second day behind bars, defense lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley stopped by for an hour-long visit, but didn't answer questions. Later in the day, Lohan's mom, Dina, and kid sister Ali showed up. 
  
 An exiting inmate said the jail was put on an hour lockdown for the visit. 
  
 "I sat there for four hours waiting to get released because of her," said Sharell Gaines, 30, a Watts resident who spent a week in jail for traffic tickets. "They put us on lockdown and told us not to look. It's discrimination. She's a criminal, just like me." 
  
 TMZ.com claimed that LiLo was given permission to take some prescription drugs while behind bars: the stimulant Adderall to treat attention deficit disorder and the sleeping pill Ambien. 
  
 Like all other inmates, she can spend up to $135 a week in the commissary for munchies like Spicy Velveeta Refried Beans, Spam, Kit Kat candy bars and Country Time Raspberry Lemonade, TMZ.com said. 
  
 sgoldsmith@nydailynews.com ||||| Michael Lohan is denying he kicked fiancé Kate Major in the face, RadarOnline.com is reporting. 
  
 The Southampton Police Department has confirmed a police report was filed this week on behalf of Kate against her high-profile fiancé. 
  
 Lindsay Lohan -- See The New Mug Shot 
  
 But the Lohan patriarch, who is Los Angeles attempting to visit his jailed daughter Lindsay, has admitted that he and Kate, a former magazine reporter, had a disagreement — and we can reveal the cause of the bust-up was two of Tiger Woods’ mistresses. 
  
 Rachel Uchitel and Joslyn James have reportedly signed on to star in Lohan’s upcoming reality television program Celebrity House. 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Arrives At Lynwood Correctional Facility 
  
 He was also photographed with Uchitel at a recent event in New York’s playground of the rich and famous, The Hamptons. 
  
 “We had a disagreement because of some of the people coming into the house for our upcoming television show,” Michael told RadarOnline.com. 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan’s Family Photo Album 
  
 Kate has reportedly told police Michael shoved her over a chair, injuring her shoulder, forcing her to seek treatment at a hospital. 
  
 She wouldn’t comment when contacted, but supposedly has pictures of her injuries. 
  
 PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Served Time In The Slammer 
  
 “I’m not commenting on anything right now,” Major told RadarOnline.com. 
  
 Responded Michael, “I just don’t know what she is talking about... I tried to speak with Kate this morning because I found out Kate drained one of our bank accounts and now she won’t call me back.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Arriving At Court On Tuesday 
  
 Michael also claimed Kate “went crazy” after accusing him of checking into Los Angeles’ Mondrian Hotel with a mystery woman. 
  
 “Kate thought I checked into a hotel with another woman,” Michael said. 
  
 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO & PHOTOS: Lindsay Emerges From Hiding - To Shop 
  
 “But the hotel has verified to her that I was in the hotel room all alone.” 
  
 As for the couple’s wedding, planned for fall in New York, Michael insisted to RadarOnline.com: “Why wouldn’t it still be on?” ||||| Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) 
  
 Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
  
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
  
 Lindsay Lohan sobbed when mom Dina and little sister Ali visited her behind bars for the first time since her incarceration, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned. 
  
 PHOTO: See Lindsay’s New Mug Shot 
  
 “Tears were shed,” revealed a source, with knowledge of the family visit, as RadarOnline.com revealed. 
  
 Lindsay is scheduled to be released from the jail around August 1st, potentially spending only 14 days of her 90-day sentence behind bars. 
  
 See Exclusive Video of Dina and Ali Visiting Lindsay In Jail 
  
 “The visit was very emotional, but Lindsay’s spirits were lifted when she saw her mom and sister,” a source said about their first trip to the Lynwood jail. 
  
 “Dina seemed relieved to see Lindsay and that she was staying strong.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Celebrity Mug Shots 
  
 The visit will raise questions about special treatment, given Lindsay wasn’t supposedly allowed to receive visitors until the weekend. 
  
 However, RadarOnline.com has learned, jail officials have the discretion to approve visitors for inmates ahead of their first allotted appointment. 
  
 Law enforcement officials told RadarOnline.com: “Lindsay might get visitors after the official visiting hours are over for the other inmates for security reasons. It’s for the safety of everyone.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Arrives At Lynwood Correctional Facility 
  
 Lindsay also got a visit from her powerhouse attorney, Shawn Chapman Holley, on Wednesday. 
  
 Lindsay gave jail officials a list of people that are permitted to see her, that list includes Samantha Ronson. The list doesn’t include her estranged father, Michael. ||||| Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
  
 Michael Lohan may be accused of physically abusing his fiancée Kate Major but he thinks their wedding is still on. Meanwhile, Kate has gone to the police and a friend told RadarOnline.com that the former magazine reporter is scared to death of Lohan. 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan’s Family Photo Album 
  
 The unlikely Lohan-Major romance imploded Wednesday in the only way possible– a controversial, headline-making storm of controversy. 
  
 Lohan is accused of physically abusing Major, who is said to have photos of her injuries. But Michael told RadarOnline.com: “There can’t be any photos because nothing like that happened.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Arrives At Lynwood Correctional Facility 
  
 Major exclusively released the following statement to RadarOnline.com, “The reason I am NOT speaking is because the truth will come out. Michael has always threatened to try to ruin me in the press. It’s sad he can’t keep his mouth shut and stop making up lies. Consider the source. I just need privacy at this time.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Served Time In The Slammer 
  
 Lohan, however, remains defiant. “Look, I really hope that this isn’t going to turn into another Erin [Lohan’s former fiancé] situation because I don’t want to have to talk about the things that Kate does,” Michael told RadarOnline.com. “I just found out she drained one of our bank accounts without telling me.” 
  
 And when asked if the wedding, scheduled for the end of this year in New York is still on, Michael responded: “I see no reason why the wedding wouldn’t still be on.” 
  
 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO & PHOTOS: Lindsay Emerges From Hiding – To Shop 
  
 Kate’s pals, however, say she’s terrified of Michael. They claim she was treated at a hospital after he pushed her over a chair and kicked her in the face. They also say he’s threatened her previously. 
  
 Lohan, who flew to LA on Tuesday, one day after the alleged incident, admits that he and Major argued over two of the cast members joining his upcoming reality show Celebrity House but that when he left to come to LA, “Kate was in the house and fine.” 
  
 Lindsay Lohan — See The New Mug Shot 
  
 He says things heated up Wednesday night when Lohan says Kate heard a report that he checked into his LA hotel with another woman. “She called me (and was) crazy,” Lohan told RadarOnline.com. “She said I was photographed checking into the hotel with this woman and it’s just not true. The hotel verified I was in my room alone all night.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Arriving At Court On Tuesday 
  
 But Major’s friends say that Michael has threatened her before and her injuries are real. “I’ve seen her injuries and they’re real,” one pal told RadarOnline.com. “I’ve been in their presence when they fight and he’s threatened Kate’s life on more than one occasion.” 
  
 The friends also say Lohan and Major did not fight over who was joining the proposed reality show despite Michael’s assertion the argument was over Rachel Uchitel. 
  
 PHOTOS: See Lindsay’s Previous Two Mugshots 
  
 “Rachel Uchitel has absolutely nothing to do with it! The show isn’t even going to happen because they can’t find anyone to finance it,” Kate’s pal told RadarOnline.com. ||||| Will Jail Bring Out the Songbird in Lindsay Lohan? 
  
 Email This Remember Lindsay Lohan, the husky-voiced pop singer? It's been five scandal-riddled years since her last album, 'A Little More Personal (Raw),' and now the incarcerated star has plans to spend her days in jail and rehab feverishly writing material for a musical comeback. 
  
  
  
 "Lindsay is going to spend her time in jail writing new songs that she will record the second she gets out," a source very close to Lohan told PopEater on Wednesday. "Her emotions are so raw at the moment the material will be her best ever." 
  
  
  
 How good will these songs be after weeks of sobriety and deep thought? Our insider offered the boast of the day: "It will definitely get nominated for a Grammy." Remember Lindsay Lohan, the husky-voiced pop singer? It's been five scandal-riddled years since her last album, 'A Little More Personal (Raw),' and now the incarcerated star has plans to spend her days in jail and rehab feverishly writing material for a musical comeback."Lindsay is going to spend her time in jail writing new songs that she will record the second she gets out," a source very close to Lohan toldon Wednesday. "Her emotions are so raw at the moment the material will be her best ever."How good will these songs be after weeks of sobriety and deep thought? Our insider offered the boast of the day: "It will definitely get nominated for a Grammy." 
  
 On Tuesday, Lohan began serving a 90-day sentence for a probation violation, but she's expected to get sprung early, likely on either August 1 or 2. After her time in her 12-by-8 cell is up, she'll move on to 90 days of court-ordered rehab -- plenty of time to write some hot jams.But returning to a career she long ago abandoned for other pursuits should come with its share of challenges. For one thing, those pipes have got to be rusty.The star first showcased her singing on soundtracks for some of her early films, including 'Freaky Friday,' but she really came into her own with her anti-paparazzi rant 'Rumors,' off of her platinum-selling debut album, 2005's 'Speak.'Her biggest hit arrived a year later with 'Confessions of a Broken Heart,' a heart-wrencher about her dysfunctional home life, which she co-wrote with now-'American Idol' judge Kara DioGuardi. ||||| Michael Lohan’s ex-fiancée has sought a restraining order against him after the alleged brutal showdown at their Southampton home on Monday, RadarOnline.com has confirmed exclusively. 
  
 Kate Major, former magazine reporter and one-time Jon Gosselin gal pal, filed for an order of protection against Lindsay Lohan’s father after she told police he shoved her and kicked her in the face during an argument. 
  
 Lindsay Lohan — See The New Mug Shot 
  
 The order, which was granted, prevents Lohan from contacting his one-time lover or going anywhere near her. 
  
 He has not yet been served the papers relating to the order because he is in Los Angeles, attempting to visit his estranged daughter, who has said she does not want to see him. 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan’s Family Photo Album 
  
 Major confirmed to RadarOnline.com that she filed a temporary restraining order at a New York courthouse on Wednesday morning. 
  
 But she did not want to elaborate on more details. 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Arrives At Lynwood Correctional Facility 
  
 Major has claimed she has photographic evidence and hospital records supporting her version of events after the alleged brawl, although Lohan has insisted the confrontation was never physical. 
  
 Facing yet more legal woes, Lohan turned on Major and threatened retribution against his ex-fiancée the only was he knows how — with audio tapes. 
  
 The Lohan patriarch said he planned to release recordings detailing Major’s “legal and personal issues”. 
  
 PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Arriving At Court On Tuesday 
  
 “Because of Kate’s behavior and false claims, I am going to release a statement and only the first of many pictures of Kate (obliterated) as well as the first of multiple recordings,” Lohan told RadarOnline.com. 
  
 As their romance hits the skids, sources close to Major told RadarOnline.com the couple’s wedding, expected to take place in the fall in New York, is officially over. 
  
 “Kate voluntarily returned the engagement ring to Michael before he left for L.A. and there are absolutely no plans for a wedding,” said one friend. 
  
 Earlier on Wednesday, Lohan declared to RadarOnline.com: “Why wouldn’t it still be on?” 
  
 PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Served Time In The Slammer 
  
 In the wake of the bitter split, the pair are trading a flurry of accusations. 
  
 Lohan declared Major, in a a fit of jealous rage, accused him of checking into a Los Angeles hotel with mystery woman — a claim Lohan has denied. 
  
 On the other hand, Major’s camp is suggesting Lohan, a sobriety campaigner and the chief critic of Lindsay’s battles with booze and drugs, has fallen of the wagon. 
  
 “He tried to hide the drinking,” said one of Major’s pals. 
  
 Lohan also suggested Major had drained their bank account of all of his funds. She, too, has rejected that allegation. |||||Summary: