News article:

Image copyright Moscow District Military Court/TASS Image caption Sergei Skripal was exposed to a nerve agent from the Novichok group in Salisbury 
  
 Russian ex-spy Sergei Skripal has been discharged from hospital, two months after being poisoned with a nerve agent in Salisbury. 
  
 The 66-year-old was found slumped on a park bench in the city on 4 March, with his daughter Yulia. 
  
 They were taken to Salisbury District Hospital's intensive care unit, where they were stabilised after being exposed to Novichok. 
  
 Ms Skripal was released on 9 April and was moved to a secure location. 
  
 It is not known whether Mr Skripal has been taken to the same location as his daughter. 
  
 BBC home affairs correspondent Daniel Sandford said he understood that Mr Skripal is able to walk, and has talked to police at length, but is not completely recovered. 
  
 He said police sources indicated that the investigation could take months of carefully piecing together movements of people and cars from mobile phone records, CCTV, automatic number plate recognition and passenger flight records. 
  
 The Metropolitan Police said its investigation into the attack continued and it would not "be discussing any protective or security arrangements that are in place". 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC Rewind looks back at cases of high-profile Russians targeted on foreign soil 
  
 Director of nursing Lorna Wilkinson said treating the Skripals had been "a huge and unprecedented challenge". 
  
 She added: "This is an important stage in his recovery, which will now take place away from the hospital." 
  
 Russian ambassador to the UK Alexander Yakovenko welcomed the news that Mr Skripal had been discharged, and repeated his demand for consular access to the former spy and his daughter. 
  
 At a news conference at his official residence in London, Mr Yakovenko said: "We are happy that he is all right." 
  
 The Russian ambassador has previously claimed the UK is violating international law by not granting access to the Skripals. 
  
 "If they don't want our assistance, that's fine, but we want to see them physically," he said. 
  
 Britain expelled 23 Russian diplomats in response to the attack in Salisbury, but Mr Yakovenko and others remain. 
  
 DS Nick Bailey - the police officer who first attended the Skripals on the day of the poisoning - was also treated for exposure to the nerve agent, but was discharged in March. 
  
 Clinicians at the hospital had to keep the Skripals alive while their bodies could produce more enzymes to replace those that had been poisoned. 
  
 Analysis 
  
 By Leila Nathoo, BBC News home affairs correspondent 
  
 When Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were left in a critical condition, it seemed improbable that the two would survive. 
  
 Now, less than three months on, both have been discharged from hospital. 
  
 Their personal safety will be a priority for the police - the two have been taken to a secure location. 
  
 Detectives are continuing to investigate the attempted murder of the Skripals, though so far no suspects have been named. 
  
 They will have spoken at length to both Sergei and Yulia about what happened and why they may have been targeted. 
  
 But police say they are still working to establish the full facts of the attack. 
  
 The UK government has blamed Russia for the attack, with Prime Minister Theresa May describing the incident as "brazen" and "despicable". 
  
 But the Russian government denied any involvement and has accused the UK of inventing a "fake story". 
  
 Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is due to speak at a conference in Paris on Friday intended to fight against impunity for the use of chemical weapons. 
  
 Speaking before the conference, he said: "Assad's brutality in Syria and the attempted murders in Salisbury pose a grave threat to the Chemical Weapons Convention and to the rules-based order that keeps us all safe." 
  
 Image caption Yulia and Sergei Skripal were taken to Salisbury District Hospital after being found slumped on a bench 
  
 In 2006 Mr Skripal, a former Russian colonel, was jailed in Russia for 13 years for passing on the identities of Russian spies in Europe to the UK intelligence services. 
  
 But in 2010 he was part of a prisoner swap between Moscow and the United States. He eventually settled in Salisbury. 
  
 When Ms Skripal was released she refused assistance from the Russian embassy, who claim they had been denied consular access to a Russian national. 
  
 Recently the director general of MI5, Andrew Parker, publicly blamed Russia for the "reckless" poisoning, accusing the Kremlin of "flagrant breaches of international rules". 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Specialist officers in protective suits retrieved samples from multiple sites in Salisbury 
  
 The investigation into the nerve agent attack saw the closure of areas of Salisbury, as police and specialist investigators identified where the Skripals were poisoned. 
  
 The highest concentration of the Novichok was found at the Skripals' front door. 
  
 A multimillion pound operation to decontaminate nine locations in the city is under way. Two places that the Skripals visited - the Mill pub and a Zizzi restaurant - are among the places deemed to be still at risk. ||||| Russia demands access to poisoned former spy and daughter to ensure they do not want help 
  
 Moscow has demanded a meeting with Sergei Skripal, the Russian former spy poisoned by a nerve agent in Salisbury, following his discharge from hospital. 
  
  
  
 Vladimir Putin said he was pleased Skripal had been released from hospital on Friday, more than 10 weeks after the poisoning, and wished him well. 
  
  
  
 “God grant him good health,” the Russian president said. “If a military-grade poison had been used, the man would have died on the spot. Thank God he recovered and that he left [hospital].” 
  
 Russia’s ambassador to London, Alexander Yakovenko, also welcomed Skripal’s release, but claimed the UK would be breaking international law if it did not allow access to him and his daughter, Yulia, who was also poisoned and was discharged last month. 
  
  
  
 Almost 100 police have received psychological help after Salisbury attack Read more 
  
 Yakovenko said nobody actually knew if the pair were alive and suggested that, if they were, they may have already left the country. Scotland Yard made clear that no details of the security arrangements for the pair would be given. 
  
 Salisbury district hospital announced on Friday morning that Skripal had been discharged. 
  
 The chief executive, Cara Charles-Barks, said it was good news that Skripal was well enough to be discharged. 
  
 “That he, Yulia and DS [Nick] Bailey have been able to leave us so soon after coming into contact with this nerve agent is thanks to the hard work, skill and professionalism of our clinicians, who provide outstanding care to all our patients, day in and day out,” she said. 
  
 “This has been a difficult time for those caught up in this incident: the patients, our staff and the people of Salisbury. I want to thank the public for their support, and I want to pay a special tribute to both the clinical staff here at the trust and those who work so hard behind the scenes. They’ve demonstrated the very best of the NHS.” 
  
 Quick guide What is novichok? Show Hide Novichok refers to a group of nerve agents developed by the Soviet Union in the 1970s and 80s to elude international restrictions on chemical weapons. Like other nerve agents, they are organophosphate compounds, but the chemicals used to make them, and their final structures, are considered classified in the UK, the US and other countries. The most potent of the novichok substances are considered to be more lethal than VX, the most deadly of the familiar nerve agents, which include sarin, tabun and soman. While the novichok agents work in a similar way, by massively over-stimulating muscles and glands, one chemical weapons expert said the agents did not degrade fast in the environment and had 'an additional toxicity that was not well understood. Treatment for novichok exposure would be the same as for other nerve agents, namely with atropine, diazepam and potentially drugs called oximes. The chemical structures of novichok agents were made public in 2008 by Vil Mirzayanov, a former Russian scientist living in the US, but the structures have never been publicly confirmed. It is thought they can be made in different forms, including as a dust aerosol. The novichoks are known as binary agents because they only become lethal after mixing two otherwise harmless components. According to Mirzayanov, they are 10 to 100 times more toxic than conventional nerve agents. While laboratories that are used to police chemical weapons incidents have databases of nerve agents, few outside Russia are believed to have full details of the novichok compounds and the chemicals needed to make them. Photograph: Matt Cardy/Getty Images Europe 
  
 The hospital added: “While these patients have now been discharged, their right to patient confidentiality remains and limits us from giving detailed accounts of the treatment these individuals received. 
  
 “However, treating people who are so acutely unwell, having been poisoned by nerve agents, requires stabilising them, keeping them alive until their bodies could produce more enzymes to replace those that had been poisoned.” 
  
 At a press conference at his official residence in London, Yakovenko said Russia wanted access to the Skripals “just to understand how they feel and for them to say personally what they want. We are not asking for anything extraordinary. We are asking for the UK to comply with the law.” 
  
 He said: “It is not just a question of our bilateral relations but international law through the Vienna convention 1965. 
  
 “Nobody has seen their pictures, heard their voice and whether they are alive. It is fine for us if they say they do not want our services.” 
  
 He said he had the impression, based on conversations with UK security services “that we will never see them”, and called on the British press “to be a bit more active and ask to see them. They may not be in this country.” 
  
 Yakovenko said the reputations of both the UK and Russia were at stake due to the British allegation that Moscow was responsible for the poisonings. “We do not have any official version of what happened. We do not have any access to the investigation. We have to rely on press leaks,” he said. 
  
 Russia has requested consular access to Yulia Skripal twice since her recovery. Britain told Russia formally she had chosen not to take up its offer of help, but Yakovenko said she was isolated, and Russia required personal assurances from her that she did not want its help. 
  
 The ambassador said he had never heard of Sergei Skripal prior to his poisoning. 
  
 A UK government spokesman said it was very welcome news that hospital staff have deemed Sergei Skripal well enough to be discharged from hospital. 
  
 “As medical experts have been clear, Mr Skripal will need ongoing care,” he added. “Mr Skripal, his daughter Yulia and DS Nick Bailey all received outstanding care at Salisbury district hospital. 
  
 “Their ongoing recovery is testament to the hardworking and talented NHS staff, who have also continued to serve their community so well during this period - and will carry on doing so. 
  
 “But let’s not forget, the fact that all three victims of this incident have been discharged from hospital does not alter the fact this was a brazen and reckless attack - attempted murder - using an illegal chemical weapon.” 
  
  
  
  
  
 Counter-terrorism police, who continue to lead the criminal investigation, said they would not be discussing the security arrangements for the Skripals. 
  
  
  
 A Scotland Yard spokesman said: “This is a complex investigation and detectives continue to gather and piece together all the evidence to establish the full facts and circumstances behind this dreadful attack. In the interests of Sergei and Yulia’s safety, we will not be discussing any protective or security arrangements that are in place.” 
  
 The Skripals collapsed on a park bench in Salisbury on 4 March after being exposed to novichok, most likely at Sergei’s home on the outskirts of the city. 
  
 Later that month, a high court judgment emerged suggesting they had little chance of recovery. The judgment from Mr Justice Williams said: “… medical tests indicate that their mental capacity might be compromised to an unknown and so far unascertained degree”. 
  
 Williams said Sergei Skripal was unable to communicate at all and his daughter could not communicate in any meaningful way. “It is not possible to say when or to what extent Mr or Ms Skripal may regain capacity. Both are currently in a physically stable condition which is not expected to change in the immediate or near future.” 
  
 However, their recovery appears to have been helped by the proximity of the hospital to the defence research laboratory at Porton Down. 
  
 Yulia Skripal’s faster recovery could have been because she suffered less exposure to the nerve agent or because she is younger and fitter than her father. 
  
 Bailey, who was poisoned when attending the pair, was released three weeks before Yulia Skripal. He said at the time that he did not expect “normal life” to resume. 
  
  
  
 It will be the same for the Skripals, who will be offered protection for the rest of their lives. There have been reports that they may be granted settled status in another country, such as the US or Australia, though the Russian embassy has claimed this would amount to abduction or forced isolation. 
  
 Meanwhile, Skripal’s home remains a sealed-off crime scene and decontamination work at sites linked to the attack is continuing. ||||| PRAGUE — The aging Russian spy had been a free man for only a few years when he turned up in Prague for a secret meeting with his former adversaries. He looked ill, but acted jovial, drinking with his Czech hosts and joking that his doctor had prescribed whiskey for high blood pressure. 
  
 Then he got down to business, rattling off information about Russian spycraft and the activities of former colleagues that might give the Czechs an edge over their foes. 
  
 This was Sergei V. Skripal, the former Russian spy who along with his daughter was nearly poisoned to death with a rare and toxic nerve agent 10 weeks ago, touching off a furious confrontation between Russia and the West that has played out like a Cold War thriller and led to the expulsion of more than 150 Russian diplomats from more than two dozen countries. 
  
 The British authorities have accused Russia of trying to assassinate Mr. Skripal, a charge the Russians angrily deny. One of Britain’s highest ranking spymasters, the MI5 chief, Andrew Parker, lambasted Russia on Monday in a speech to security chiefs in Berlin, accusing the Kremlin of “barefaced lying” and “criminal thuggery,” and warning Russia that it risked becoming a “more isolated pariah.” |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?