News article:

Q. What have you learned about yourself since becoming First Lady? 
  
 A. When you are put into a brand-new situation, it takes a while to get accustomed, to know what is expected of you, and as you know, the first year was a terrible year. That year is almost wiped out for me. Now I have more self-confidence. It doesn’t mean you change as a person. It means you have grown. 
  
 Q. In what ways have you grown? 
  
 A. Once I got past the first year and was able to get out on the drug situation . . . the first couple of trips, I didn’t know if I was going to be any help or not. It became obvious that I was doing some good and that the kids relate to me and I to them. It was wonderful. And then the traveling and meeting people. 
  
 Q. What are your thoughts on what it takes to be a successful First Lady? 
  
 A. I am not Rosalynn Carter. I am not Pat Nixon or Jackie Kennedy. Everybody does it differently. I discovered I would find it difficult to just sit here and not do anything except entertain. For me, having a goal is very important . . . I think you have to let a lot of things roll off your back; I was not able to do that in Sacramento or here at the beginning. But if you get a sureness about yourself and what you can do, you just go ahead and do it. ||||| Ronald Reagan took his wife Nancy for a canoe ride on a pond at their mountaintop ranch near Santa Barbara, Calif., Monday, July 27, 1976. 
  
 Ronald Reagan took his wife Nancy for a canoe ride on a pond at their mountaintop ranch near Santa Barbara, Calif., Monday, July 27, 1976. 
  
 Photo: Associated Press ||||| Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share The former first lady died of congestive heart failure. 
  
 First lady Nancy Reagan makes a "Just Say No" appearance in Harpers Ferry, W.Va., on Sept. 11, 1986. (Photo: Bob Daugherty, AP) 
  
 Nancy Reagan may best be remembered for three words: "Just say no," the motto of her years-long anti-drug crusade. 
  
 She had been concerned about drug use prior to her arrival at the White House, but as first lady she made prevention of youth drug addiction her signature cause. 
  
 She said the slogan had come from a meeting with children. The Ronald Reagan Library tells the story this way: "A little girl raised her hand,” Nancy Reagan recalled, “and said, ’Mrs. Reagan, what do you do if somebody offers you drugs?’ And I said, ’Well, you just say no.’ And there it was born.” 
  
 The library says that by the end of the Reagan administration in 1989, more than 12,000 "Just Say No" clubs had been formed worldwide. 
  
 Nancy Reagan worked with a New York advertising firm to shape the campaign and used popular culture to propel her message. In 1983, she played herself in an episode of the popular sitcom Diff'rent Strokes. Diminutive star Gary Coleman portrayed a reporter for the school newspaper who discovered drugs being sold on campus, and she came to the school to offer support for anti-drug efforts. 
  
 Another popular kids television show, Punky Brewster, aired an episode about resisting peer pressure to take drugs, and started a partnership with Nancy Reagan's "Just Say No" clubs organizing anti-drug "Punky Brewster Marches" at schools around the country. 
  
 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN President Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral to attend SXSW | 0:59 President Obama reportedly will skip the funeral in order to attend an event at the South by Southwest festival in Austin. Video provided by Newsy Newslook 1 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Nancy Reagan's casket arrives at Reagan Library | 3:08 Former First Lady Nancy Reagan's casket arrives at the Reagan Presidential Library as family, friends, and members of the public come pay their respects. 2 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Family Of Nancy Reagan Honors Former First Lady | 2:53 Family and friends of former first lady Nancy Reagan attend a memorial service in Santa Monica, California on Wednesday. The funeral service is scheduled for Friday. (March 9) AP 3 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Nancy Reagan funeral to be held Friday | 1:30 Funeral services for the former first lady will be held at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California. She will lie in repose Wednesday and Thursday. AP 4 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Former Staffer Recalls Working With Nancy Reagan | 2:15 Former Reagan administration staffer Anita McBride remembers Nancy Reagan for the style and elegance that she brought to the White House. \u0022As women, we didn't wear pants in the West Wing and that was one of Mrs. Reagan's rules,\u0022 she recall AP 5 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Nancy Reagan Remembered for Role As First Lady | 3:25 Former First Lady Nancy Davis Reagan has died. She is remembered as a champion of her husband and the founder of the \u0022Just Say No\u0022 anti-drug awareness program. (March 6) AP 6 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Funeral Plans Announced for Nancy Reagan | 0:49 The funeral for former first lady Nancy Reagan will be held on Friday at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California. (March 7) AP 7 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Obama: Nancy Reagan 'charming' and 'gracious' | 1:00 President Barack Obama says he once had the opportunity to meet with former first lady Nancy Reagan and that she could not have been more charming and gracious. (March 7) AP 8 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Moment of silence held for Nancy Reagan during debate | 0:38 A moment of silence was held for former first lady, Nancy Reagan, during the CNN Democratic debate. VPC 9 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Nancy Reagan's legacy: Love | 1:21 Former first lady Nancy Reagan devoted her life to her husband, late President Ronald Reagan. While she worked on numerous causes over the years, one of her biggest legacies is their love. VPC 10 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Schwarzenegger Honors Reagan at Kasich Rally | 0:55 Arnold Schwarzenegger honored former first lady Nancy Reagan on Sunday, following the news of her death over the weekend. The former California governor held a moment of silence for her during a rally for presidential candidate John Kasich. (March 6) AP 11 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Veteran Pays Respects to Nancy Reagan at Library | 0:36 Former first lady Nancy Reagan died at her home on Sunday. She was 94. Veteran Andy Hall, who served under Ronald Reagan, visited the presidential library in Simi Valley to pay his respects to the former first lady. (Mar. 6) AP 12 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Former US First Lady Nancy Reagan dies | 3:30 Former First Lady Nancy Davis Reagan has died. She is remembered as a champion of her husband and the founder of the \u0022Just Say No\u0022 anti-drug awareness program. (Mar. 6) AP 13 of 14 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share REMEMBERING NANCY REAGAN Nancy Reagan dies at 94 | 2:25 The former first lady died of congestive heart failure. 14 of 14 Last VideoNext Video President Obama to skip Nancy Reagan's funeral to attend SXSW 
  
 Nancy Reagan's casket arrives at Reagan Library 
  
 Family Of Nancy Reagan Honors Former First Lady 
  
 Nancy Reagan funeral to be held Friday 
  
 Former Staffer Recalls Working With Nancy Reagan 
  
 Nancy Reagan Remembered for Role As First Lady 
  
 Funeral Plans Announced for Nancy Reagan 
  
 Obama: Nancy Reagan 'charming' and 'gracious' 
  
 Moment of silence held for Nancy Reagan during debate 
  
 Nancy Reagan's legacy: Love 
  
 Schwarzenegger Honors Reagan at Kasich Rally 
  
 Veteran Pays Respects to Nancy Reagan at Library 
  
 Former US First Lady Nancy Reagan dies 
  
 Nancy Reagan dies at 94 
  
 In October 1983, Reagan appeared as guest host on ABC's Good Morning America program, interviewing former drug addicts and their family members. 
  
 "They tell me to keep on doing what I'm doing, to try to help focus attention on this tremendous problem that we have in this country," she said on the program, according to an Associated Press account from the time, "and to try to help the parents who are so confused and so frightened, who don't know what to do." 
  
 And she made hundreds of personal appearances at anti-drug events. The Reagan Library reports that "in 1984 alone, she made 110 appearances and 14 anti-drug speeches," and she handed out countless green and white Just Say No t-shirts and buttons to crowds of students. 
  
 In September 1987 she met one-on-one with Pope John Paul II to discuss her anti-drug efforts. 
  
 "Just Say No," however, has also been heavily criticized as an over-simplistic approach to addressing drug abuse. Scientific American reported in 2014 that studies showed students need a much more nuanced education on social interactions and that students in "Just Say No"-style programs were as likely to use drugs as students who were not. 
  
 And drug use, particularly cocaine, soared in the 1980s, as did the number of people incarcerated for drug-related offenses. By the end of the decade, pollsters reported that a majority of Americans saw drug abuse as the most serious issue facing the nation. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1p91b1t ||||| Memories Of Former First Lady Nancy Reagan 
  
 RACHEL MARTIN, HOST: 
  
 Nancy Reagan, the wife of former President Ronald Reagan has passed away at the age of 94. Nancy Reagan was one of the most influential first ladies in modern American politics. For more, we are joined by NPR's Ron Elving. 
  
 Good morning, Ron. 
  
 RON ELVING, BYLINE: Good morning, Rachel. 
  
 MARTIN: She was a singular figure in American politics - and American life. Tell us a little bit about how you think of her legacy. 
  
 ELVING: Nancy Reagan was as intimate and as integral to Ronald Reagan's success as any political spouse has ever been. She really set a new standard. She was very largely responsible for his success in politics. That may be something many people have forgotten because, in her later years, she was not in the public eye. She did not go out in public very much. She didn't take public positions very often. 
  
 But if you go back to the early history Ronald Reagan's political career - when he was making the move from television pitchman to being a world leader, one of the people who was absolutely essential to that was Nancy Reagan. Her father was a very influential figure in Ronald Reagan's life. They introduced him to a world of people that was quite different from his Hollywood world, much more politically conservative. 
  
 She was with him from that transition point on. She was enormously important to his success in California and also nationally. 
  
 MARTIN: Was she always comfortable in that role - in Washington, in politics? 
  
 ELVING: There were difficult years for her at the beginning of the time they were in White House. She was largely criticized for her spending - lavish spending on things like dishes and plates and glassware and things of that nature. And there was a sense that she was trying to bring a certain air of class and elitism, perhaps, to the White House. In contrast to the Jimmy Carter years that had immediately preceded, that was something that a lot of people noticed and commented on negatively. But she turned that around with a series of public appearances that mocked her own image very successfully. And really, when she went into her campaign against drugs, the Just Say No campaign, that became much more her signature and her legacy. 
  
 MARTIN: I'm going to ask you to pivot now because, of course, we are talking in the middle of a presidential election. And there were more contests yesterday. Can you get us up to speed on where we are right now in the race? 
  
 ELVING: Yes, there is another presidential election going on. And we saw a rather dramatic development over the weekend thus far in the Republican field, where Donald Trump seems to have lost some of his altitude. He did not win as decisively as expected in Louisiana. He did not win by a large margin in Kentucky, and those were two states that were supposed to be very good for him. 
  
 Meanwhile, Ted Cruz did extraordinarily well in the small caucus states of Kansas and Nebraska - excuse me, Kansas and Maine. The Nebraska caucus was on the Democratic side. We’ll get there in a moment. 
  
 Ted Cruz had a very good night. He also won the straw poll at the Conservative Political Action Conference going on outside of Washington, D.C., this weekend. He had a lot to brag about last night. And, perhaps, best for Ted Cruz and good, too, for Donald Trump, perhaps, Marco Rubio won nowhere, did not do particularly and clearly has to feel disappointed with the results of this weekend thus far, although he is expected to win the Puerto Rico primary today. 
  
 MARTIN: And on the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders - still putting the pressure on Hillary Clinton. 
  
 ELVING: Yes, he won two caucus events - one in Nebraska, as I mentioned, and one in Kansas. He won them both very handily. He had almost 60 percent of the vote in Nebraska - had two thirds of the vote in Kansas. So, as a result, he will pick up delegates there. He'll get 13 delegates more than Hillary will get from Kansas - four more than she'll get from Nebraska, which helps him, to some degree, make up for losing very, very badly in Louisiana, where Hillary Clinton, once again, showed great strength among African-American voters on the Democratic side. She won there with more than 70 percent of the vote, so she'll get 35 delegates from Louisiana, a much larger state. And Bernie Sanders will only get 12. 
  
 MARTIN: Briefly, Ron. We saw Mitt Romney come out and make this big speech eviscerating Donald Trump - the establishment in the GOP clearly trying to dismantle his race for the White House. Is any of it sticking? 
  
 ELVING: It appears to be because in Louisiana, we had a very clear difference between those votes that were cast several days earlier or a week or two weeks earlier. There, Donald Trump won by 2 to 1, as expected. But among those people who had just made up their minds and voted on the last day that they could participate - people who had just made up their minds voted more for Ted Cruz by a small margin. 
  
 MARTIN: NPR's Ron Elving breaking down the state of the race and remembering the legacy of former first lady Nancy Reagan. 
  
 Thanks so much, Ron. 
  
 ELVING: Thank you, Rachel. 
  
 Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information. 
  
 NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR’s programming is the audio record. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?