Article:

By Sarah Dutton, Jennifer De Pinto, Fred Backus and Anthony Salvanto 
  
 Indiana Governor Mike Pence, Donald Trump's choice for his running mate, is virtually unknown to most voters nationwide. Eighty-six percent of voters are undecided or don't know enough about him to have an opinion. 
  
 Even among Republican voters, over eight in 10 are not familiar with Pence. Seven percent have a favorable view of him, while six percent view him unfavorably. 
  
 Among conservatives nationwide, nine percent have a favorable view of Pence, while five percent have an unfavorable view. 
  
 An NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist Poll of Indiana voters conducted in April found 42 percent approved of the job Pence was doing as Governor, while 41 percent disapproved. 
  
 The Veep Choice: How Important Is It? 
  
 In a separate CBS News/New York Times Poll, most voters (69 percent) say a vice presidential candidate matters at least some in their vote for president, but just 30 percent say it matters a lot; another third says it doesn't really affect their presidential vote. 
  
 There's little difference between Trump and Clinton supporters on this question. 
  
 This poll was conducted by telephone July 8-12, 2016 among a random sample of 1,028 adults nationwide, including 841 registered voters. Data collection was conducted on behalf of CBS News by SSRS of Media, PA. Phone numbers were dialed from samples of both standard land-line and cell phones. 
  
 The poll employed a random digit dial methodology. For the landline sample, a respondent was randomly selected from all adults in the household. For the cell sample, interviews were conducted with the person who answered the phone. 
  
 Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish using live interviewers. 
  
 The data have been weighted to reflect U.S. Census figures on demographic variables. 
  
 The error due to sampling for results based on the entire sample could be plus or minus four percentage points. The margin of error for the sample of registered voters is four points. The error for subgroups may be higher and is available by request. The margin of error includes the effects of standard weighting procedures which enlarge sampling error slightly. 
  
 This poll release conforms to the Standards of Disclosure of the National Council on Public Polls. ||||| #RNCinCLE: A guide to Wednesday night's events 
  
 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share The Republican National Convention is heading into its third day. USA TODAY's Susan Page gives you 3 things to look forward to in Cleveland. 
  
 CLEVELAND — We're halfway through the Republican National Convention, and with any semblance of doubt about who will be the standard-bearer for the GOP put to rest Tuesday night (Trump officially claimed the nomination in the roll call vote), the party turns its eyes to November. And a few may be looking ahead to November 2020. 
  
 Here's your viewer's guide to all the action from Cleveland on day 3, "Make America First Again" night, which is scheduled to kick off at 7:20 p.m. ET: 
  
 America, meet Mike Pence 
  
 Indiana Gov. Mike Pence reacts with his wife, Karen, as they arrive for a Welcome Home Rally on July 16, 2016, in Zionsville, Ind. (Photo: Darron Cummings, AP) 
  
 In keeping with convention tradition, Donald Trump's running mate, Mike Pence, will get his prime-time moment on night three. While a known commodity in Washington, the Indiana governor and former congressman is largely unknown on the national stage. A CBS News poll taken this month found that 86% of were undecided or didn't know enough about him to have an opinion. 
  
 For Pence's sake, he'd probably be wise not to have Trump introduce him if he wants to maximize his speaking time. On Saturday in New York, at an event ostensibly designed to introduce his vice presidential nominee to the nation, the real estate mogul talked for 28 minutes in rambling remarks that — brace yourself for this bit of shocking news — at times tended to focus more on Trump himself. Trump even felt compelled at one point to say "back to Mike Pence" to steer his own speech back to his running mate. 
  
 So what will the Indiana governor's mission be Wednesday night? Pence's anti-abortion and social conservative bona fides are well established, so it's likely a major part of his speech will be spent assuring like-minded Republicans that Trump is someone they can get behind. 
  
 Pence also figures to highlight the folksiness he brings to the GOP ticket, a counterbalance to the Manhattan panache of Donald J. Trump. How folksy is Mike Pence? Even in New York the Pence family dines at Chili's. 
  
 Busy weekend in NY! Enjoying a quick dinner with the family at @Chilis. Looking forward to getting back to Indiana. pic.twitter.com/SUFjYcvQpH — Mike Pence (@mike_pence) July 16, 2016 
  
 Pence is likely to speak sometime after 10 p.m. ET. 
  
 Conventions are about the future 
  
 Yes, we're still more than three months away from the 2016 presidential election, but if you're already thinking ahead to 2020, you may get a sneak peek Wednesday. Speakers include Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and a video message from Florida Sen. Marco Rubio — all vanquished Trump 2016 opponents and all under-50 ambitious pols who would likely quickly turn their attention toward the 2020 White House race should the Republican presidential ticket fall short in November. 
  
 Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker talks to Sen. Ted Cruz during a campaign event in Madison, Wis., on April 4, 2016. (Photo: Andy Manis, AP) 
  
 Notably, all three former presidential hopefuls leveled blistering attacks against Trump during the primary campaign — and he against them — so expect to hear more about why Hillary Clinton wouldn't make a good president than why Trump would. Cruz, after all, hasn't even endorsed Trump yet, and it's not clear whether he will Wednesday. But it has been months since the real estate mogul linked the Texas senator's father to the Kennedy assassination, insulted his wife's appearance and called him "the single biggest liar" he's ever encountered, so he's probably ready to give a real stemwinder on behalf of Trump. 
  
 The obligatory Trump family representative 
  
 Eric Trump stands on the convention floor in Cleveland on July 19, 2016. (Photo: Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images) 
  
 By the time this convention concludes, there won't be too many Trumps you haven't heard from. On Wednesday, it's Eric Trump's turn, who will give remarks following a video titled "My Father, Donald Trump." He'll also follow a speech from Lynne Patton, who's vice president of The Eric Trump Foundation. 
  
 So who is the latest member of the Trump family to address the convention? He's 32 and the third child of Donald and Ivana Trump, the billionaire's first wife. Like his two older siblings, Donald Jr. and Ivanka, he works for the Trump Organization as an executive vice president and is also president of Trump Winery. He married wife Lara Yunaska at his father's Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach, Fla., in 2014. 
  
 And there's Newt. Because, why not? 
  
 Donald Trump and former House speaker Newt Gingrich share the stage during a campaign rally earlier this month in Ohio. (Photo: John Minchillo, AP) 
  
 Newt Gingrich was a finalist to be Donald Trump's running mate and even gave up his gig at Fox News amid speculation he was under consideration. The job, of course, went to Mike Pence, but the former House speaker is still going to bat for Trump. 
  
 Gingrich and his wife, Callista, are scheduled to appear before Pence in one of Wednesday night's final segments. 
  
 It's arguable, to say the least, how effective Newt Gingrich will be as a surrogate who can soften Trump's edges to female voters or broaden his appeal in swing states. But hey, few people have more experience going after the Clintons that Gingrich, so expect a vintage, 1990s-era evisceration of the presumptive Democratic nominee from the man who relished going after her husband. 
  
 More convention coverage from USA TODAY 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/29Td1o3 ||||| The third day of the Republican National Convention kicks off Wednesday, July 20, at 7:20 pm. 
  
 The third night's theme is "Make America First Again," a much vaguer unifying principle than Monday's "Make American Safe Again" (which presaged a night full of attacks on Hillary Clinton's national security record and stern warnings about the threat of "radical Islamist terrorism," which was always referred to by that name) and Tuesday's "Make America Work Again" (which had a business/economy theme, albeit a looser one than the national security theme of night one). 
  
 But Wednesday features some of the biggest speakers of the whole convention, from failed presidential candidates (Scott Walker, Ted Cruz, a video from Marco Rubio), elder statesmen (Newt Gingrich), family members (Eric Trump), and, most importantly of all, vice presidential nominee Mike Pence, who'll get his first big chance to introduce himself as a national political figure. 
  
 How to watch: 
  
 C-SPAN is airing the convention, gavel to gavel. It also provides a live stream for web viewers. 
  
 CNN is doing 24-hour coverage of the convention, with its normal programs such as Wolf, The Lead, and The Situation Room airing from Cleveland. 
  
 CBS News and Twitter are teaming up to stream the convention live. 
  
 Finally, the RNC is streaming the proceedings live on YouTube, which you can see above. 
  
 The schedule: 
  
 Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus is scheduled to call the convention to order at 7:20 pm; you can read the full list of speakers, who are not given set times, here. 
  
 The major speakers are, in order: 
  
 Laura Ingraham , talk radio host and Fox News regular 
  
 Phil Ruffin , billionaire casino owner and Trump friend 
  
 Pam Bondi , Florida attorney general who , Florida attorney general who solicited a Trump donation before deciding not to join New York state's investigation of Trump University. 
  
 Eileen Collins , retired astronaut and first female space shuttle commander. 
  
 Michelle Van Etten , a multilevel marketer behind the Alex Jones–backed nutritional supplement company Youngevity 
  
 Ralph Alvarado , Kentucky state senator 
  
 Darrell Scott , pastor from Cleveland Heights and notable , pastor from Cleveland Heights and notable African-American Trump supporter 
  
 Harold Hamm , billionaire best known for pioneering fracking in Montana and North Dakota who famously argued he , billionaire best known for pioneering fracking in Montana and North Dakota who famously argued he made his billions due to dumb luck rather than skill to limit the amount he had to pay his ex-wife in their divorce 
  
 Scott Walker , governor of Wisconsin and former presidential candidate 
  
 Lynne Patton , vice president of the Eric Trump Foundation and assistant to Eric, Ivanka, and Donald Trump Jr. 
  
 Marco Rubio, US senator from Florida and former presidential candidate (appearing in video) 
  
 Ted Cruz, US senator from Texas and former presidential candidate 
  
 Eric Trump 
  
 Newt Gingrich and Callista Gingrich , former US House speaker and 2012 presidential candidate and president of Gingrich Productions, respectively 
  
 Mike Pence, Indiana governor and vice presidential nominee 
  
 What to expect 
  
 The first set of speakers on Wednesday are allies of Trump's from the world of business, and while odds are they won't ruffle any feathers, there's potential for some wackadoo hijinks too. 
  
 Michelle Van Etten, in particular, runs a highly dubious-seeming enterprise that sells supplements designed by a naturopath (not a real doctor) through a multi-level marketing system that looks rather a lot like a Ponzi scheme. She probably won't dive too deep into your business model but if she does, the whole event could take a turn toward the Dr. Oz. 
  
 Then there are the runners-up. Scott Walker wasn't in the race long enough to really get bitter, but Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz got down in the mud with Trump and haven't exactly been enthusiastic backers since he defeated them. Rubio's prerecorded video should be courteous and will probably follow the "praise generic Republicanism, not Trump" approach of Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell. 
  
 Ted Cruz will probably have more nice things to say about Trump personally, but don't expect too many fireworks there either. He knows he needs to play reasonably nice to shore up his status as frontrunner for 2020 after Trump (presumably) loses. 
  
 But the real star is Mike Pence, who was denied a real chance to introduce himself at his formal unveiling this past Saturday and will now get his big national debut. Pence isn't the most compelling speaker, but he's good at talking the talk to conservative audiences. Expect him to try to vouch for the ticket's conservative bona fides, and to tie Trumpism to more traditional strands of Republicanism. ||||| Pence does it the old-fashioned way 
  
 He stuck to the script, reusing familiar lines and boiling down the Trump campaign’s message into a neat sales pitch. There was no swearing and no attacking other Republicans. In other words, Mr. Pence, the governor of Indiana, gave his speech like a career politician — and it worked. 
  
 Mr. Pence, overshadowed by Donald J. Trump throughout the vice-presidential rollout, used his first prominent solo performance to describe the 2016 election as a choice between a candidate of change (Mr. Trump) and “a stale agenda and the most predictable of names” in Hillary Clinton. He vouched for Mr. Trump’s moral character, calling him “the right man for these times.” 
  
 After two days of meandering speeches from obscure politicians and minor celebrities, Mr. Pence brought roars of enthusiasm from the crowd and set a high bar for Mr. Trump to clear, with his more freewheeling approach, on Thursday. 
  
 Cruz 2020 begins 
  
 The runner-up in the Republican primaries, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, did not endorse Mr. Trump for president. He congratulated him on winning the Republican nomination but urged Americans only to vote their conscience in the fall. At one point, Mr. Cruz explicitly looked past the 2016 election. ||||| CLEVELAND — Rancor and hard-edged attacks dominated the start of the Republican National Convention on Monday as speakers branded Hillary Clinton as a liar who deserved to be in prison and two African-American Republicans ridiculed the Black Lives Matter movement. 
  
 The divisive day even swept up the presumptive nominee, Donald J. Trump. Renegade delegates forced a floor fight in an effort to embarrass him, and his top aide called Ohio’s governor “petulant” for not endorsing Mr. Trump. 
  
 The House speaker, Paul D. Ryan, who is the chairman of the convention, also distanced himself from Mr. Trump’s approach to racial unrest and from one of his signature proposals. 
  
 The unusual jousting among Republicans at their own convention gave way to more traditional, fiery speeches aimed at Democratic leaders, Mrs. Clinton and President Obama. The most impassioned remarks came from former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York, who described an America plagued by crime and violence and repeatedly praised police officers for keeping families safe without regard to race. |||||
What is a summary?