Please answer the following question: Information:  - The Soviet Occupation Zone ("Sovetskaya okkupatsionnaya zona Germanii", "Soviet Occupation Zone of Germany") was the area of central Germany occupied by the Soviet Union from 1945 on, at the end of World War II. On 7 October 1949 the German Democratic Republic (GDR), which became commonly referred to as East Germany, was established in the Soviet Occupation Zone.  - World War II (often abbreviated to WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945, although related conflicts began earlier. It involved the vast majority of the world's nationsincluding all of the great powerseventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries. In a state of "total war", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust (in which approximately 11 million people were killed) and the strategic bombing of industrial and population centres (in which approximately one million were killed, and which included the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki), it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.  - The OderNeisse line is the international border between Germany and Poland. It was drawn at the Potsdam Conference in the aftermath of the Second World War and is primarily delineated along the Oder and Lusatian Neisse rivers in Central Europe, meeting the Baltic Sea to the north, just west of the Polish seaports of Szczecin and winoujcie (German: "Stettin" and "Swinemünde"). All prewar German territory east of the line and within the 1937 German boundaries (23.8% of the former Weimar Republic) were placed under International Law Administrative status, with most of it being made part of newly-Communist Poland. The small remainder, consisting of the territory surrounding the German city of Königsberg (now renamed Kaliningrad, in honour of Soviet head of state Mikhail Kalinin) in northern East Prussia, was allocated to the Soviet Union (as Kaliningrad Oblast of the Russian SFSR, today the Russian Federation) after the war (pending the final World War II peace treaty for Germany). The vast majority of the native German population in these territories fled, or was killed or expelled by force. The OderNeisse line marked the border between the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) and Poland from 1950 to 1990. East Germany confirmed the border with Poland in 1950, while West Germany, after a period of refusal, finally accepted the border (with reservations) in 1970. In 1990 the newly reunified Germany and the Republic of Poland signed a treaty recognizing it as their border.  - West Berlin was a city that existed in the period between the end of the Berlin Blockade on 12 May 1949 to German reunification on 3 October 1990 as a political enclave surrounded by East Berlin and East Germany. It was east of the Inner German border and only accessible by land from West Germany by narrow rail and highway corridors. It consisted of the American, British, and French occupation sectors established in 1945 and shared economic, political, legal, and sporting systems with West Germany, but was not "de jure" part of it. It had a special and unique legal status because its administration was formally conducted by the Western Allies. East Berlin, "de jure" occupied and administered by the Soviet Union, was the "de facto" capital of East Germany. The Berlin Wall, built in 1961, physically divided East and West Berlin until it fell in 1989.  - North Korea, officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK ), is a country in East Asia, in the northern part of the Korean Peninsula. Pyongyang is both the nation's capital as well as its largest city. To the north and northwest the country is bordered by China and by Russia along the Amnok (known as the Yalu in China) and Tumen rivers. The country is bordered to the south by South Korea, with the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) separating the two.  - The Soviet Union, officially the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR " ) was a socialist state in Eurasia that existed from 1922 to 1991. A union of multiple subnational republics, its government and economy were highly centralized. The Soviet Union was a one-party federation, governed by the Communist Party with Moscow as its capital.  - The Cold War was a state of political and military tension after World War II between powers in the Eastern Bloc (the Soviet Union and its satellite states) and powers in the Western Bloc (the United States, its NATO allies and others). Historians do not fully agree on the dates, but a common timeframe is the period (the second half of the 20th century) between 1947, the year the Truman Doctrine (a U.S. policy pledging to aid nations threatened by Soviet expansionism) was announced, and 1991, the year the Soviet Union collapsed.  - The SKS is a Soviet semi-automatic carbine chambered for the 7.62 × 39mm round , designed in 1943 by Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov . Its complete designation , SKS - 45 , is an initialism for Samozaryadnyj Karabin sistemy Simonova , 1945 ( Russian :     , 1945 ; Self - loading Carbine of ( the ) Simonov system , 1945 ) . In the early 1950s , the Soviets took the SKS carbine out of front - line service and replaced it with the AK - 47 ; however , the SKS remained in second - line service for decades . It is still used as a ceremonial firearm today . The SKS was widely exported , and was also produced by some former Eastern Bloc nations as well as China , where it was designated the `` Type 56 Carbine '' , East Germany as the Karabiner S and in North Korea as the `` Type 63 '' . The SKS is currently popular on the civilian surplus market as a hunting and marksmanship semi-automatic rifle in many countries , including the United States , Canada , and New Zealand . Its age and numbers make it very inexpensive to purchase . The SKS was the second firearm after the RPD chambered for the 7.62 × 39mm M43 round , which was later used for the AK - 47 .  - Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province, in an area of foothills and prairie, about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies. In the 2011 census, the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839, making it the largest city in Alberta, and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area (CMA) in Canada.  - Lieutenant-General Mikhail Timofeyevich Kalashnikov (10 November 1919  23 December 2013) was a Russian general, inventor, military engineer, writer and small arms designer. He is most famous for developing the AK-47 assault rifle and its improvements, the AKM and AK-74, as well as the PK machine gun.  - The AK-47, or AK as it is officially known (also known as the Kalashnikov) is a selective-fire (semi-automatic and automatic), gas-operated 7.62×39 mm assault rifle, developed in the Soviet Union by Mikhail Kalashnikov. It is officially known in the Soviet documentation as "Avtomat Kalashnikova".  - East Germany, formally the German Democratic Republic or GDR, was an Eastern Bloc state during the Cold War period. From 1949 to 1990, it administered the region of Germany that was occupied by Soviet forces at the end of World War IIthe Soviet Occupation Zone of the Potsdam Agreement, bounded on the east by the OderNeisse line. The Soviet zone surrounded West Berlin, but did not include it; as a result, West Berlin remained outside the jurisdiction of the GDR. The German Democratic Republic was established in the Soviet Zone, while the Federal Republic was established in the three western zones. East Germany was a satellite state of the Soviet Union. Soviet occupation authorities began transferring administrative responsibility to German communist leaders in 1948, and the GDR began to function as a state on 7 October 1949. Soviet forces, however, remained in the country throughout the Cold War. Until 1989, the GDR was governed by the Socialist Unity Party (SED), though other parties nominally participated in its alliance organisation, the National Front of Democratic Germany.   - China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia. With a population of over 1.381 billion, it is the world's most populous country. The state is governed by the Communist Party of China, and its capital is Beijing. It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four direct-controlled municipalities (Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, and Chongqing), and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions (Hong Kong and Macau), and claims sovereignty over Taiwan. The country's major urban areas include Shanghai, Guangzhou, Beijing, Chongqing, Shenzhen, Tianjin and Hong Kong. China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia, and has been characterized as a potential superpower.  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - The Warsaw Pact, formally the Treaty of Friendship, Co-operation, and Mutual Assistance and sometimes, informally, WarPac. was a collective defense treaty among the Soviet Union and seven other Soviet satellite states in Central and Eastern Europe in existence during the Cold War. The Warsaw Pact was the military complement to the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CoMEcon), the regional economic organization for the communist states of Central and Eastern Europe. The Warsaw Pact was created in reaction to the integration of West Germany into NATO in 1955 per the London and Paris Conferences of 1954, but it is also considered to have been motivated by Soviet desires to maintain control over military forces in Central and Eastern Europe.  - The Eastern Bloc was the group of communist states of Central and Eastern Europe, generally the Soviet Union and the countries of the Warsaw Pact. The terms Communist Bloc and Soviet Bloc were also used to denote groupings of states aligned with the Soviet Union, although these terms might include states outside Central and Eastern Europe.  - Toronto is the most populous city in Canada, the provincial capital of Ontario, and the centre of the Greater Toronto Area, the most populous metropolitan area in Canada. Growing in population, the 2011 census recorded a population of 2,615,060. As of 2015, the population is now estimated at 2,826,498, making Toronto the fourth-largest city in North America based on the population within its city limits. Toronto trails only Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles by this measure, while it is the fifth-largest (behind also Chicago) if ranked by the size of its metropolitan area . An established global city, Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, and culture, and widely recognized as one of the most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities in the world.  - Sergei Gavrilovich Simonov (Russian:   ; 9 April 1894  6 May 1986) was a Russian weapons designer; he is one of the fathers of the modern assault rifle.  - Central and Eastern Europe, abbreviated CEE, is a generic term for the group of countries in Central Europe, Southeast Europe, Northern Europe, and Eastern Europe, usually meaning former communist states in Europe. It is in use after the collapse of the Iron Curtain in 198990. In scholarly literature the abbreviations CEE or CEEC are often used for this concept.  - Ottawa is the capital city of Canada. It stands on the south bank of the Ottawa River in the eastern portion of southern Ontario. Ottawa borders Gatineau, Quebec; the two form the core of the OttawaGatineau census metropolitan area (CMA) and the National Capital Region (NCR). The 2011 census reported a population of 883,391, making it the fourth-largest city in Canada; and 1,236,324 within the CMA, making it the fourth-largest CMA in Canada. The City of Ottawa reported that the city had an estimated population of 960,754 as of December 2015.  - The Communist Party of China (CPC) is the founding and ruling political party of the People's Republic of China (PRC). The CPC is the sole governing party of China, although it coexists alongside eight other legal parties that comprise the United Front; these parties, however, hold no real power or independence from the CPC. It was founded in 1921, chiefly by Chen Duxiu and Li Dazhao. The party grew quickly, and by 1949 the CPC had driven the nationalist Kuomintang (KMT) government from mainland China after the Chinese Civil War, thus leading to the establishment of the People's Republic of China. The CPC is currently the world's second largest political party with a membership of 88.76 million as of 2016 (while the Indian Bharatiya Janata Party appears to have remained the largest with a membership of 110 million as of the previous year, 2015). It also controls the world's largest armed force, the People's Liberation Army.   - The Potsdam Agreement was the agreement between three of the Allies of World War II, United Kingdom, United States, Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, for the military occupation and reconstruction of Germanyreferring to the German Reich with its pre-war 1937 borders including the former eastern territoriesand the entire European theatre of War territory. It also included Germany's demilitarisation, reparations and the prosecution of war criminals.  - The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is a highly militarized strip of land running across the Korean Peninsula. It was established at the end of the Korean War to serve as a buffer zone between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (South Korea). The DMZ is a "de facto" border barrier that divides the Korean Peninsula roughly in half. It was created by agreement between North Korea, China and the United Nations in 1953. The DMZ is long, and about wide.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'sks' with the relationship of 'service retirement'.  Choices: - 1919  - 1921  - 1922  - 1937  - 1939  - 1945  - 1947  - 1948  - 1949  - 1953  - 1955  - 1961  - 1970  - 1986  - 1989  - 1990  - 2011  - 2013  - may 1949
Answer: