News article:

And he circled back time and again to a favorite meal served at Steak ’n Shake, an old-fashioned hamburger chain beloved in his part of the Midwest. When he wrote about it last year on his blog, Roger Ebert’s Journal, people saw that the legendary movie critic for The Chicago Sun-Times could also knock out some great food writing. 
  
 “A downstate Illinois boy loves the Steak ’n Shake as a Puerto Rican loves rice and beans, an Egyptian loves falafel, a Brit loves banger and mash, an Indian loves tikki ki chaat, a Swede loves herring, a Finn loves reindeer jerky, and a Canadian loves bran muffins,” he wrote. “These matters do not involve taste. They involve a deep-seated conviction that a food is absolutely right, and always has been, and always will be.” 
  
 He both writes and thinks about food in the present tense. Ask about favorite foods and he’ll scribble a note: “I love spicy and Indian.” An offer to bring some New Jersey peaches to his summer home here on the shore of Lake Michigan brings a sharp defense of Michigan peaches and a menu idea. “Maybe for dessert we could have a salad of local fresh fruits.” 
  
 “Food for me is in the present tense,” he said. “Eating for me is now only in the past tense.” He says he has a “voluptuous food memory” that gets stronger all the time. 
  
 “I can remember the taste and smell of everything, even though I can no longer taste or smell,” he said. 
  
 That is, he concedes later, a bit sweeping. He can’t remember the food at a French spa prepared by Michel Guérard, who has three Michelin stars. And he can’t recall the last meal he ever ate, because who knew then that surgeons would never be able to fix it all? 
  
 But he remembers everything about the food at the Steak ’n Shake. In the hospital, he told me, he ate Steak ’n Shake meals a bite at a time in his mind. Still, what he longs for most is the talk and fellowship of the table. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 “The jokes, gossip, laughs, arguments and shared memories I miss,” he wrote in a blog post. 
  
 The eating itself is a side note, really. Anyone who has put together a winning dinner party understands that. But food — the cooking and sharing part of it — still means so much to him that he is publishing a cookbook this month. It’s based entirely on meals to be made in a rice cooker. The title is “The Pot and How to Use It: The Mystery and Romance of the Rice Cooker” (Andrews McMeel Publishing, $14.99). 
  
 How can a guy without a working tongue write a recipe? 
  
 “It’s all experience, my visuals and friendly tasters,” he wrote to me. “I’ve used The Pot so very many times I know what everything I make in it MUST taste like.” 
  
 Photo 
  
 The first rice cooker in the Ebert household was a wedding gift from the couple’s longtime friend and personal assistant, Carol Iwata. It wasn’t until Mr. Ebert became serious about losing weight and went to the Pritikin Longevity Center & Spa in Florida that he began to tinker with cooking grains other than rice. He went nerdy and deep. 
  
 “Whenever Roger learns anything, he becomes obsessed with it,” Mrs. Ebert said. 
  
 Soon, entire meals were coming out of the rice cooker. He made fruit and oatmeal breakfasts and stews for supper, figuring out how to mess with the settings and stage the ingredients so that everything didn’t turn to mush. 
  
 He took his little three-cupper to Sundance so he could march through a marathon of movies with something more than popcorn and candy in his stomach. 
  
 In 2008, long after he accepted that he would never put food in his mouth again, he wrote a blog post presenting his philosophy of The Pot as a way for all the people with not much space and not much time or money to cook for themselves. 
  
 “I am thinking of you, student in your dorm room,” he wrote. “You, shut-in. You, recovering campaign worker. You, movie critic at Sundance. You, sex worker waiting for the phone to ring. You, factory worker sick of frozen meals. You, people in Werner Herzog’s documentary about life at the South Pole.” 
  
 The post became the frame for the book. “I am a quick, direct, practical and simple cook, which is why the rice cooker had such an appeal to me,” he explained. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 “The Pot” follows food obsessions that include a long affair with a wok and with a Madhur Jaffrey dish that involves sealing a chicken in a pot with flour paste. Although Mr. Ebert often doesn’t follow cookbooks, his 150-volume collection includes well-used copies of “Craig Claiborne’s Kitchen Primer,” which taught him to cook, and a later edition of “Cooking in Ten Minutes,” published in 1948 by Édouard de Pomiane. 
  
 Most of the recipes came from Mr. Ebert’s head, from friends and from a dedicated group of blog readers who started a sub-cult built around him and rice cookers. They form just one of many tribes who have recently discovered him as a prolific, post-cancer online personality. 
  
 Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. 
  
 He spends hours propped in his reclining chairs at the couple’s homes in Chicago and here in Michigan, tending his blog and his Twitter account, which has nearly a quarter-million followers. 
  
 “The blog has opened a new world just when I needed it,” he told me. 
  
 Dorothy O’Brien, who edited the book, sent the recipes to professional testers to get the unruly collection into shape. There wasn’t much to do to the copy, though. It was nearly perfect. 
  
 The book, she said, is “more about his philosophy of food and eating and why we eat.” It also includes comments from his digital followers, which makes it something of a community cookbook. 
  
 “When he says he misses the camaraderie of eating, that’s what he misses more than the food,” she said. 
  
 Mr. Ebert wisely recruited Anna Thomas, the author of the classic “The Vegetarian Epicure” and the book “Love Soup,” as his culinary ombudswoman. She decries the limits of The Pot’s two settings — “insanely high and barely warm” — and argued against the inclusion of canned soup and powdered broth in many of the book’s recipes. (She lost.) 
  
 But she salutes the spirit of one-pot cooking and contributed recipes with smart ways to coax flavors from The Pot with browned onion and fresh ingredients, like ripe tomatoes in a summer soup with farro. 
  
 Photo 
  
 Health is a sub-theme. Mr. Ebert remains obsessed with grains and sodium levels, lessons he learned when his wife persuaded him to go to the Pritikin Center to lose weight. He dropped about 70 pounds just before he got sick, and another 40 or so during his illness. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 The book is funny, too. His list of meats to throw into The Pot includes chicken, pork, goat and Minotaur. In explaining how The Pot knows when the rice is done, he writes: “It is an ancient mystery of the Orient. Don’t ask questions you don’t need the answers to.” 
  
 Cooking with Mr. Ebert, who can’t speak but has a very deliberate way in the kitchen, is both a thrill and a challenge. His physical condition limits the time he can spend there, but he makes good use of it, keeping things simple and relying on the Cuisinart to chop ingredients, even for a salad. 
  
 Mrs. Ebert, a lawyer who grew up in a big family and is more used to cooking for a crowd, designed the huge kitchen in the lake house, which her husband has owned since the 1980s. It has generous counters and an oversize table that seats a dozen. They have hosted Fourth of July parties with 300 people and Thanksgiving for 30. 
  
 Since his operations, the cooking has been on a much smaller scale. 
  
 The dish we prepared one day last month didn’t have a name and wasn’t written down anywhere. 
  
 Because I had no idea where we were going as we cooked, it rendered the session something like a “Top Chef” challenge. He started by dumping water into The Pot with a store-bought blend of rice, grain and lentils called SooFoo. Then he sent me to chop some Michigan peaches. “Better use ripe peach,” he scribbled when I was slicing one that seemed a bit hard. “I handed to you.” 
  
 I had to guess what he meant when he waved off the bowl I selected to hold the yellow peppers I had chopped. Was it the bowl or was the chopping wrong? 
  
 At one point, I think he got very frustrated. He wanted to make a nice lunch, but I kept interrupting him with questions. A photographer kept taking pictures. Mrs. Ebert, who has a rare patience, was getting tired. 
  
 He scribbled a few hurried instructions for me and left the kitchen. He hadn’t taken any nourishment in a while, and his shoulder, whose muscle had been used in an effort to repair his face, had started to ache. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 He eased into the big black recliner in his study, and his wife got out a can of the Isosource that keeps him alive. He takes about six cans four times a day, mixed with water. Sometimes he gets fresh fruit or vegetable juice or a little shot of Pepsi, which helps clean the tube. 
  
 While he’s in the chair, I tend to the onions and garlic in one pot and keep stirring the grains, peaches and pork in another. I mix them together, as he instructed. I peek into the study and watch him take his liquid meal, embarrassed by my curiosity. 
  
 After about 15 minutes he walks out and scribbles me a note. 
  
 “I’m sure you made certain the pork was heated through.” 
  
 Yes, chef, I say. 
  
 He scribbles again. It’s an apology. 
  
 “I come across as a tyrannical chef because I never speak and am in a hurry because of my shoulder.” 
  
 No worries, chef, I say. Then I lift the lid from The Pot. 
  
 He pours a little spicy Saigon Sizzle sauce from a bottle and stirs it in. 
  
 Then he gives me a thumbs up. It’s time to eat. ||||| Typically, I write over 200 reviews a year for the Sun-Times that are carried by Universal Press Syndicate in some 200 newspapers. Last year, I wrote the most of my career, including 306 movie reviews, a blog post or two a week, and assorted other articles. I must slow down now, which is why I'm taking what I like to call "a leave of presence."What in the world is a leave of presence? It means I am not going away. My intent is to continue to write selected reviews but to leave the rest to a talented team of writers handpicked and greatly admired by me. What's more, I'll be able at last to do what I've always fantasized about doing: reviewing only the movies I want to review.At the same time, I am re-launching the new and improved Rogerebert.com and taking ownership of the site under a separate entity,, run by me, my beloved wife, Chaz, and our brilliant friend, Josh Golden of. Stepping away from the day-to-day grind will enable me to continue as a film critic for the Chicago Sun-Times, and roll out other projects under the Ebert brand in the coming year.Ebertfest, my annual film festival, celebrating its 15th year, will continue at the University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign, my alma mater and home town, April 17-21. In response to your repeated requests to bring back the TV show "At the Movies," I am launching a fundraising campaign via Kickstarter in the next couple of weeks. And gamers beware, I am even thinking about a movie version of a video game or mobile app. Once completed, you can engage me in debate on whether you think it is art.And I continue to cooperate with the talented filmmaker Steve James on the bio-documentary he, Steve Zaillian and Martin Scorsese are making about my life. I am humbled that anyone would even think to do it, but I am also grateful.Of course, there will be some changes. The immediate reason for my "leave of presence" is my health. The "painful fracture" that made it difficult for me to walk has recently been revealed to be a cancer. It is being treated with radiation, which has made it impossible for me to attend as many movies as I used to. I have been watching more of them on screener copies that the studios have been kind enough to send to me. My friend and colleague Richard Roeper and other critics have stepped up and kept the newspaper and website current with reviews of all the major releases. So we have and will continue to go on.At this point in my life, in addition to writing about movies, I may write about what it's like to cope with health challenges and the limitations they can force upon you. It really stinks that the cancer has returned and that I have spent too many days in the hospital. So on bad days I may write about the vulnerability that accompanies illness. On good days, I may wax ecstatic about a movie so good it transports me beyond illness.I'll also be able to review classics for my "Great Movies" collection, which has produced three books and could justify a fourth.For now, I am throwing myself into Ebert Digital and the redesigned, highly interactive and searchable Rogerebert.com. You'll learn more about its exciting new features on April 9 when the site is launched. In addition to housing an archive of more than 10,000 of my reviews dating back to 1967 we will also feature reviews written by other critics. You may disagree with them like you have with me, but will nonetheless appreciate what they bring to the party. Some I recruited from the ranks of my Far Flung Correspondents, an inspiration I had four years ago when I noticed how many of the comments on my blog came from foreign lands and how knowledgeable they were about cinema.We'll be recruiting more critics and it is my hope that some of the writers I have admired over the years will be among them. We'll offer many more reviews of Indie, foreign, documentary and restored classic revivals. As the space between broadcast television, cable and the internet morph into a hybrid of content, we will continue to spotlight the musings of Pulitzer Prize-winning TV critic Tom Shales, as well as the blog "Scanners" by Jim Emerson, who I first met at Microsoft when he edited Cinemania. The Ebert Club newsletter, under editor Marie Haws of Vancouver, will be expanded to give its thousands of subscribers even bigger and better benefits.For years I devoutly took every one of my tear sheets, folded them and added them to a pile on my desk. The photo above shows the height of that pile in 1985 as it appeared on the cover of my first book about the movies published by my old friends John McMeel and Donna Martin of Andrews & McMeel. Today, because of technology, the opportunities to become bigger, better and reach more people are piling up too. The fact that we're re-launching the site now, in the midst of other challenges, should give you an idea how important Rogerebert.com and Ebert Digital are to Chaz and me. I hope you'll stop by, and look for me. I'll be there.So on this day of reflection I say again, thank you for going on this journey with me. I'll see you at the movies. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?