Here is a news article: HORRY COUNTY, SC (WMBF) – Bond was denied for the 33-year-old mother of missing 'Baby Grace' at a hearing Thursday morning while officials continue to search a Socastee creek for the missing 5-month-old girl. 
  
 Sarah Lane Toney was denied bond on the charge for which she was arrested Wednesday: unlawful conduct toward a child. She will remain incarcerated at the J. Reuben Long Detention Center. During the hearing, Toney said she went into the water with the baby, and couldn't hold on to her when the current sucked her in. She said that she did not intentionally put Baby Grace in danger. She did not explain why she was in the creek in the first place. 
  
 "I went in the water with her and I was unable to hold her," Toney said during the hearing. "I didn't intentionally put her in anything - any danger. I was going with her and I wasn't able to hold on to her when the water sucked me in." 
  
 On the day of the incident, Toney reportedly told a neighbor that she threw the infant into the creek in Socastee, according to police. 
  
 The solicitor and prosecutor asked the judge to deny bond based on Toney's criminal history, specifically a domestic violence charge, and her record from Washington state. Toney said she does not have any money, so she is not a flight risk. Bond was denied based on her criminal history, and the on-going investigation into the disappearance of Toney's child. 
  
 "I have no where to go, I'm not going to go anywhere, I have no money, I have no way to go anywhere. I'd like to be with my other child until we find Grace," Toney said during the hearing. 
  
 The search continues Thursday 
  
 Divers with the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources and several other agencies stopped searching at dark Wednesday for the missing five-month-old girl whose mother claimed she threw her daughter in a creek in Socastee Tuesday morning. The Horry County Police Department tweeted Thursday morning that they resumed the search for Baby Grace, and informed residents nearby that search parties are moving about. Lt. Denis said that they have expanded their search area, and are now looking in ditches and other areas in the neighborhood. They are also able to search deeper into the woods, as the creek waters have receded about four feet since Tuesday. He said they are hoping to bring out SLED helicopters to assist with the search. 
  
 Horry County Police asked that onlookers and prospective volunteers to "stay put for now" and monitor the situation on social media. "If we determine that we volunteers are needed we will post it on our social media sites along with instructions as how to help," a post on the Horry County Police Facebook page states. 
  
 The mother of the 5-month-old infant who was lost in rushing creek waters behind their Socastee home Tuesday, was arrested on an outstanding, unrelated warrant, according to police. Officers said 33-year-old Sarah Lane Toney, of Myrtle Beach, was being held at J Reuben Long Detention Center. 
  
 On Wednesday, Lt. Denis said Toney is being charged with unlawful conduct toward a child. Detectives with HCPD have secured an arrest warrant for Toney and say the warrant will be served by the end of the day on Wednesday. 
  
 Related Link: Missing infant's mother has criminal past 
  
 Multiple agencies search the area on Wednesday 
  
 Two SCDNR boats headed downstream Wednesday morning along with the dive team, according to officials. By about 9:30 a.m., more crews showed up for the search, and some volunteers were seen in the area, wondering how they can help find Baby Grace. 
  
 Crews were working in the same area as they did Tuesday, according to Lt. Raul Denis, in a location about one mile to one half-mile up and down the creek and in the woods. Other organizations assisting in the search include the CUE Center for Missing Persons, the State Law Enforcement Division, as well as officials from Darlington County and a K-9 tracking team from Hartsville Police. Lt. Denis said K-9s did pick up a scent in one area of the creek Wednesday afternoon and divers are focusing on that area but crews have not found Baby Grace. 
  
  
  
 Coastal Carolina University also sent in people with high-tech sonar equipment, which can usually find items, but may have difficult locating a small baby. Lt. Denis said they're patrolling a small concentrated area, and hope to be able to resolve this by Wednesday. The water level in the creek has dropped about one foot since Tuesday from its previous level of 6 to 7 feet, Lt. Denis said. However, the creek is usually only a foot or two deep. 
  
 Search efforts come up empty on Tuesday 
  
 Toney was found on a back porch by another homeowner, according to Horry County Police. Toney told the homeowner that she went into the river with the baby, later identified by police as Baby Grace, but she didn't have a baby with her at the time. Horry County Police detectives, Beach Patrol officers, Horry County Fire Rescue and South Carolina DNR, mobilized and searched the creeks, ponds, waterways, and woods in the area. 
  
 Mobile users - tap here to view a slideshow of images from the scene. 
  
 Rescue teams stopped searching for the five-month-old in the creek at dark Tuesday, according to police. Lt. Raul Denis of the Horry County Police Department, as a safety precaution for the searchers. 
  
 Neighbor says Toney told them she threw her baby in a creek 
  
 Around 10:30 a.m. Tuesday, Toney, claiming to be the infant's mother, came out of the water, knocked on the door of a home on Shem Creek Circle, and told the person living there that she had thrown the infant girl into the creek behind a house on Simms Drive, according to Lt. Denis. When police arrived at Simms Drive to investigate, Toney was home and was taken into custody. Lt. Denis confirmed on Wednesday that Toney's 9-year-old daughter was released to her biological father. 
  
 A K-9 team tried to trace the woman's path to determine if she really was in the area of the creek, which is about a quarter-mile from the home on Simms Drive. 
  
 Fire rescue responders, beach patrol officers, boats, jet skis, and canoes were in creeks all the way down to Intracoastal Waterway trying to find Baby Grace and investigate. 
  
 One neighbor watched the scene unfold from her porch. She said she never had a conversation with Toney, but she had seen her with the baby. 
  
 "We see her maybe once and a while, walking up and down the street with her," said the neighbor. "Not really sure what's going on, but I am a little shocked." 
  
 Lt. Denis said Toney is in custody while the investigation is going on. Police also said the mother was transported to a Conway hospital to get medical clearance. 
  
 Anyone with information about this case is asked to contact the HCPD Tip Line at 843-915-8477 (843-915-TIPS). 
  
 Copyright 2015 WMBF News. All rights reserved. ||||| HORRY COUNTY, SC (WBTW) – The body of 5-month-old Baby Grace has been found in the Socastee creek off of Shem Creek Circle Thursday afternoon, according to Horry County Police. 
  
 Police report that search crews, who have been canvassing the creek and wooded area for nearly 48 hours, discovered the infant’s body in the water around 3:45 p.m. 
  
 “It’s with a heavy heart this evening that I have to inform you that at about 3:45 today we were able to locate body of Baby Grace,” states Chief Saundra Rhodes. “Divers from the Department of Natural Resources along with Public Works were able to locate her.” 
  
 Chief Rhodes was visibly upset at the press conference and delivered the news of Baby Grace in a solemn, reserved tone. 
  
 Lt. Raul Denis with Horry County Police adds that Baby Grace was discovered about 50 yards from where her mother entered the creek Tuesday morning. 
  
 “Please know that we did everything we could to try to find this baby and although she is deceased, I believe that all of us have a sense of peace in knowing that we can lay her to rest properly,” Rhodes expressed in the Thursday afternoon press conference. 
  
 Baby Grace was found at about 3:45 p.m. today. We thank everyone who helped and our understanding citizens for their support. — Horry County PD (@horrycountypd) November 5, 2015 
  
 Neighbors, volunteers and search groups had come together over the past three days in search of the missing infant. 
  
 “I have to say that was a joint effort, and I have to give thanks to all of the agencies that were involved in this operation, as well as this wonderful neighborhood that opened their doors to us, and their yards, and their property,” Chief Rhodes said. 
  
 “The criminal investigation will continue, and we will confer with the Horry County Solicitor’s Office, to make sure that appropriate criminal charges are filed in this case,” adds Lt. Denis. 
  
 Horry County Deputy Coroner Darris Fowler says an autopsy is scheduled for Friday to determine the cause of death of Baby Grace Carlson Santa Cruz. 
  
 The discovery of the baby’s body follows the release of the emergency call that was made Tuesday morning by a neighbor in the area after finding Baby Grace’s mother on her porch. 
  
 The 911 emergency call that came in to dispatchers Tuesday morning after a Socastee mother reportedly lost her baby in a neighborhood creek has been released. 
  
 The call was made by a neighbor off Shem Creek Circle at 10:24 a.m. Tuesday. The caller is audibly shaken by her encounter with Sarah Lane Toney, 33, who apparently told the caller that she went into the creek with her baby. 
  
 “I have a bit of a weird situation. I had a girl just walk up on the back side of my porch from the river, the creek. And I asked her if she [unintelligible] just wanted to call someone. And she said yeah, just try to find someone, and she said take us to the hospital. Now she’s saying call the police because she just came to the river and had a baby with her. And now she doesn’t have a baby. I’m not sure if she wants something. I have no idea, but you need to send someone over here please,” the emergency caller urges. 
  
 911 CALL: Listen to the complete 911 call when a neighbor finds Toney on her porch 
  
 The arrest warrant for the mother accused of leaving her baby in a Socastee creek has been released by Police Thursday afternoon. 
  
 The arrest warrant details how Sarah Lane Toney, 33, “made several excited utterances stating she had placed the child in a body of water near her residence.” Police also document that Toney “wouldn’t provide any other information regarding the location of the child.” 
  
 The warrant concludes that “Sarah L. Toney did knowingly and willingly place her 5-month-old child at unreasonable risk of harm affecting the child’s life, physical or mental health.” 
  
 ARREST WARRANT: Click here to view the arrest warrant for Sarah Lane Toney 
  
 Bond has been denied for the mother who claims “she couldn’t hold on” to her 5-month-old baby girl while crossing a creek in Socastee Tuesday morning. 
  
 Horry County Police announced Wednesday afternoon in a press release that Toney has been charged in the child’s disappearance. Lt. Raul Denis reports Sarah Lane Toney, 33, “is charged with unlawful neglect toward a child for her actions in this case.” 
  
 PHOTO GALLERY: View photos of search crews canvassing the area for Baby Grace 
  
 In a bond hearing Thursday morning at J. Reuben Long Detention center, a judge denied bond for the mother who maintains she “lost” Baby Grace in the creek, and her actions were not intentional. 
  
 During the hearing, Toney said the baby slipped out of her hands when she got into the creek. The prosecutor brought up Toney’s extensive criminal history and claimed she is a flight risk. 
  
 Toney also spoke in court, saying she has no money, no where to go, and wants to be with her other child. Prosecutors said Toney does not have custody of the 9-year-old, but Toney says the child lives with her. 
  
 If you are using the News13 mobile app, view the video of Toney speaking in court here. 
  
 Upon her arrest Wednesday, Lt. Denis said, “the warrant was obtained in response to what’s occurred so far and that could change. Depending on how this goes. If we find the baby or not find the baby, things could change.” 
  
 Toney was booked into the J. Reuben Long Detention Center Wednesday at 6:23 p.m., adds Lt. Denis. Her next court appearance is scheduled for December 11 at 1:00 p.m. 
  
 Horry County police and other search teams returned to Socastee to continue the search for the missing 5-month-old child Wednesday morning. 
  
 The Community United Effort (CUE) Center for Missing Persons, traveled from Wilmington, NC to Socastee to aid police in the search for baby Grace. 
  
 Police say Toney claimed to have lost her baby in a Socastee creek Tuesday morning. Crews called off the search Tuesday night for the missing Socastee baby after water began to rise. 
  
 According to Lt. Raul Denis, a homeowner reported finding a woman, later identified as Toney, on her back porch. The initial call to officers was in reference to a suspicious person around 10:30 a.m. Tuesday. 
  
 Toney then reportedly told the homeowner she went into the creek with her child, Lt. Denis adds. Investigators revealed that Toney lost her baby in a rushing creek behind a home on Simms Drive. 
  
 Toney was transported to Conway Hospital for “medical clearance” while officials searched for the child Tuesday afternoon. 
  
 “Anything she tells us has to be investigated and corroborated,” explained Denis. 
  
 Detectives canvassed Simms Drive while talking to neighbors. Kaylee White lives in the neighborhood and says she’s seen Toney out walking. 
  
 “I have two babies of my own; I couldn’t imagine doing anything to them,” stated White. 
  
 Rescue crews discontinued their search for the infant Tuesday at sunset, says Lt. Denis. The water became too high and too fast for crews to continue the search. Officers returned to search for the baby at 8 a.m. Wednesday morning. 
  
 “The water is really fast and turbulent so it’s not ideal for any diver to be in it,” said Denis. 
  
 The baby named Grace is 5-months-old, according to Lt. Denis. Police k-9 agents were called to the scene to aid in the search for the child. 
  
 Lt. Denis said officers were on scene, along the South Carolina Department of Natural Resources and Horry County Fire Rescue, conducting an investigation. Horry County Police released a photo of the baby shortly after the search began. 
  
 According to Lt. Denis, Toney was later arrested on an outstanding, unrelated warrant and is being held at the Horry County Detention Center. 
  
 Online booking records show that Toney has been arrested twice within the past 12 months. Toney was booked into the jail March 6 at 9:03 a.m. for criminal domestic violence, third or subsequent offense. She was released on $5,000 bond the following day. 
  
 Toney was also jailed in November 2014 for numerous drug charges. Online booking records confirm Toney was booked November 6, 2014 on charges of giving false information to police, possession of marijuana, possession of a controlled substance, shoplifting, manufacturing crack cocaine, and possession of contraband by prisoner. ||||| Horry County police are searching for a 5-month-old baby after a woman lost the baby in a rushing Socastee creek 
  
 Boats, canoes, divers, jet skis, and scores of officers searched for the baby, who is still missing 
  
 Mother in police custody while search is ongoing |||||
A summary of this is?