Given the question: Information:  - Time Warner, Inc. (also known as AOL Time Warner from 2001-2003; stylized as TimeWarner) is an American multinational media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It is currently the world's third largest entertainment company in terms of revenue, after Comcast and The Walt Disney Company. It was also once the world's largest media conglomerate. Time Warner was first founded in 1990 with the merger of Time Inc. and Warner Communications. The current company consists largely of the assets of the former Warner Communications (as well as HBO, a Time Inc. subsidiary prior to the merger), and the assets of Turner Broadcasting (which was acquired by the company in 1996). Time Warner currently has major operations in film and television, with a limited amount in publishing operations. Among its most popular assets are HBO, Turner Broadcasting System, The CW Television Network, Warner Bros., CNN, DC Comics, and as of August 2016, Hulu, owning 10%. In the past, other major divisions of Time Warner included Time Inc., AOL, Time Warner Cable, Warner Books and Warner Music Group. All of these operations were either sold to other investors or spun off as independent companies from 2004 to 2014.  - Constipation refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass. Constipation is a common cause of painful defecation. Severe constipation includes obstipation (failure to pass stools or gas) and fecal impaction, which can progress to bowel obstruction and become life-threatening.  - Afghanistan (Pashto/Dari: , "Afnistn"), officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, is a landlocked country located within South Asia and Central Asia. It has a population of approximately 32 million, making it the 42nd most populous country in the world. It is bordered by Pakistan in the south and east; Iran in the west; Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, and Tajikistan in the north; and China in the far northeast. Its territory covers , making it the 41st largest country in the world.  - Satellite television is  according to "article 1.39" of the International Telecommunication Unions (ITU) ITU Radio Regulations (RR)  a "Broadcasting-satellite service".  - Home Box Office (HBO) is an American premium cable and satellite television network that is owned by Time Warner through its respective flagship company Home Box Office, Inc. Programming featured on the network consists primarily of theatrically released motion pictures and original television series, along with made-for-cable movies and documentaries, boxing matches, and occasional stand-up comedy and concert specials.  - Sherwin David "Wood" Harris (born October 17, 1969) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as the drug kingpin Avon Barksdale on the HBO crime drama "The Wire", cocaine dealer Ace in "Paid in Full" and high school football player Julius Campbell in the 2000 film "Remember the Titans".  - Avon Randolph Barksdale is a fictional character in "The Wire", played by Wood Harris. Avon is one of the more powerful drug dealers in Baltimore, Maryland, running the Barksdale Organization. His Organization territory is based in the heart of west Baltimore's ghetto, solidifying his power in the drug trade.  - Opium (poppy tears, with the scientific name: "Lachryma papaveris") is the dried latex obtained from the opium poppy (scientific name: "Papaver somniferum"). Opium latex contains approximately 12 percent of the analgesic alkaloid morphine, which is processed chemically to produce heroin and other synthetic opioids for medicinal use and for the illegal drug trade. The latex also contains the closely related opiates codeine and thebaine, and non-analgesic alkaloids such as papaverine and noscapine. The traditional, labor-intensive method of obtaining the latex is to scratch ("score") the immature seed pods (fruits) by hand; the latex leaks out and dries to a sticky yellowish residue that is later scraped off and dehydrated. The word "meconium" (derived from the Greek for "opium-like", but now used to refer to infant stools) historically referred to related, weaker preparations made from other parts of the opium poppy or different species of poppies.  - Boxing is a combat sport in which two people wearing protective gloves throw punches at each other for a predetermined set of time in a boxing ring.  - Naltrexone is a medication that reverses the effects of opioids and is used primarily in the management of alcohol dependence and opioid dependence.  - Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the microscopic air sacs known as alveoli. Typical signs and symptoms include a varying severity and combination of productive or dry cough, chest pain, fever, and trouble breathing, depending on the underlying cause. Pneumonia is usually caused by infection with viruses or bacteria and less commonly by other microorganisms, certain medications and conditions such as autoimmune diseases. Risk factors include other lung diseases such as cystic fibrosis, COPD, and asthma, diabetes, heart failure, a history of smoking, a poor ability to cough such as following a stroke, or a weak immune system. Diagnosis is often based on the symptoms and physical examination. Chest X-ray, blood tests, and culture of the sputum may help confirm the diagnosis. The disease may be classified by where it was acquired with community, hospital, or health care associated pneumonia. Vaccines to prevent certain types of pneumonia are available. Other methods of prevention include handwashing and not smoking. Treatment depends on the underlying cause. Pneumonia believed to be due to bacteria is treated with antibiotics. If the pneumonia is severe, the affected person is generally hospitalized. Oxygen therapy may be used if oxygen levels are low. Pneumonia affects approximately 450 million people globally (7% of the population) and results in about 4 million deaths per year. Pneumonia was regarded by William Osler in the 19th century as "the captain of the men of death". With the introduction of antibiotics and vaccines in the 20th century, survival improved. Nevertheless, in developing countries, and among the very old, the very young, and the chronically ill, pneumonia remains a leading cause of death. Pneumonia often shortens suffering among those already close to death and has thus been called "the old man's friend".  - Opiates are alkaloid compounds naturally found in the opium poppy plant "Papaver somniferum". The psychoactive compounds found in the opium plant include morphine, codeine, and thebaine. The term "opiate" should be differentiated from the broader term "opioid," which includes all drugs with morphine-like effects, including opiates, semi-synthetic opioids derived from opiates (such as heroin, hydrocodone, hydromorphone, oxycodone, and oxymorphone), and synthetic opioids which are not derived from opiates (such as fentanyl, buprenorphine, and methadone). All opioids, including the opiates, are considered drugs of high abuse potential and are listed on various "Substance-Control Schedules" under the Uniform Controlled Substances Act of the United States.  - The Barksdale Organization is a fictional drug dealing gang on the television series "The Wire". Many of the characters featured in season one of The Wire belong to this organization. Season one largely deals with the Baltimore Police Department setting up a Major Crimes Unit to investigate the organization. The Barksdale Organization is led by Avon Barksdale who is portrayed as the most powerful drug kingpin in Baltimore.  - Stand-up comedy is a comic style in which a comedian performs in front of a live audience, usually speaking directly to them. The performer is commonly known as a comic, stand-up comic, stand-up comedian, or simply a stand-up. In stand-up comedy, the comedian usually recites a grouping of humorous stories, jokes and one-liners typically called a monologue, routine, or act. Some stand-up comedians use props, music, or magic tricks to "enhance" their acts. Stand-up comedy is often performed in comedy clubs, bars and pubs, nightclubs, neo-burlesques, colleges and theatres. Outside of live performance, stand-up is often distributed commercially via television, DVD, CD and the internet.  - Melvin Douglas `` Little Melvin '' Williams ( December 14 , 1941 -- December 3 , 2015 ) was an American actor and criminal . He was known for trafficking heroin in his native Baltimore , Maryland , in the 1970s and 1980s . He appeared as an actor in the HBO series The Wire , which explores many Baltimore - related subjects , including narcotics trafficking , and served as an inspiration for the character of Avon Barksdale .  - Pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli, such as stubbing a toe, burning a finger, putting alcohol on a cut, or bumping the "funny bone". Because it is a complex, subjective phenomenon, defining pain has been a challenge. The International Association for the Study of Pain's widely used definition states: "Pain is an unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage, or described in terms of such damage." In medical diagnosis, pain is regarded as a symptom of an underlying condition.  - Heroin, also known as diamorphine among other names, is an opiate typically used as a recreational drug for its euphoric effects. Medically it is occasionally used to relieve pain and as a form of opioid replacement therapy alongside counseling. Heroin is typically injected, usually into a vein; however, it can also be smoked, snorted or inhaled. Onset of effects is usually rapid and lasts for a few hours. Common side effects include respiratory depression (decreased breathing) and about a quarter of those who use heroin become physically dependent. Other side effects can include abscesses, infected heart valves, blood borne infections, constipation, and pneumonia. After a history of long-term use, withdrawal symptoms can begin within hours of last use. When given by injection into a vein, heroin has two to three times the effect as a similar dose of morphine. It typically comes as a white or brown powder. Treatment of heroin addiction often includes behavioral therapy and medications. Medications used may include methadone or naltrexone. A heroin overdose may be treated with naloxone. An estimated 17 million people as of 2015 use opiates such as heroin, which together with opioids resulted in 122,000 deaths. The total number of opiate users has increased from 1998 to 2007 after which it has remained more or less stable. In the United States about 1.6 percent of people have used heroin at some point in time. When people die from overdosing on a drug, the drug is usually an opioid. Heroin was first made by C. R. Alder Wright in 1874 from morphine, a natural product of the opium poppy. Internationally, heroin is controlled under Schedules I and IV of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. It is generally illegal to make, possess, or sell heroin without a license. In 2015 Afghanistan produced about 66% of the world's opium. Often heroin, which is illegally sold, is mixed with other substances such as sugar or strychnine.  - David Judah Simon (born February 9, 1960) is an American author, journalist, and a writer/producer of television series. He worked for the "Baltimore Sun" City Desk for twelve years (198295) and wrote "" (1991) and co-wrote "" (1997) with Ed Burns. The former book was the basis for the NBC series "" (199399), on which Simon served as a writer and producer. Simon adapted the latter book into the HBO mini-series "The Corner" (2000).  - The Wire is an American crime drama television series set and produced in Baltimore, Maryland. Created and primarily written by author and former police reporter David Simon, the series was broadcast by the cable network HBO in the United States. "The Wire" premiered on June 2, 2002, and ended on March 9, 2008, comprising 60 episodes over five seasons.  - The Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961 is an international treaty to prohibit production and supply of specific (nominally narcotic) drugs and of drugs with similar effects except under licence for specific purposes, such as medical treatment and research. As noted below, its major effects included updating the Paris Convention of 13 July 1931 to include the vast number of synthetic opioids invented in the intervening thirty years and a mechanism for more easily including new ones. From 1931 to 1961, most of the families of synthetic opioids had been developed, including drugs in whatever way related to methadone, pethidine, morphinans and dextromoramide and related drugs; research on fentanyls and piritramide was also nearing fruition at that point.  - The verb license or grant license means to give permission. The noun licence (British, Indian, Canadian, Australian, New Zealand, Irish, or South African English) or license (American English) refers to that permission as well as to the document recording that permission.  - Opioids are substances that act on opioid receptors to produce morphine-like effects. Opioids are most often used medically to relieve pain, and by people addicted to opioids. Opioids include , an older term that refers to such drugs derived from , including morphine itself. Other opioids are semi-synthetic and synthetic drugs such as hydrocodone, oxycodone and fentanyl; antagonist drugs such as naloxone and endogenous peptides such as the endorphins. The terms and are sometimes encountered as synonyms for opioid. is properly limited to the natural alkaloids found in the resin of the opium poppy although some include semi-synthetic derivatives. , derived from words meaning or , as an American legal term, refers to cocaine and opioids, and their source materials; it is also loosely applied to any illegal or controlled psychoactive drug. In other jurisdictions all controlled drugs are legally classified as "narcotics". The term can have pejorative connotations and its use is generally discouraged where that is the case. Primarily used for pain relief, including anesthesia they are also used to suppress cough, suppress diarrhea, treat addiction, reverse opioid overdose, and suppress opioid induced constipation. Extremely strong opioids are approved only for veterinary use such as immobilizing large mammals. Opioids act by binding to opioid receptors, which are found principally in the central and peripheral nervous system and the gastrointestinal tract. These receptors mediate both the psychoactive and the somatic effects of opioids. Opioid drugs include partial agonists and antagonists, which produce moderate or no effect (respectively) but displace other opioids from binding in those receptors. The side effects of opioids may include itchiness, sedation, nausea, respiratory depression, constipation, and euphoria. Tolerance and dependence will develop with continuous use, requiring increasing doses and leading to a withdrawal syndrome upon abrupt discontinuation. The euphoria attracts recreational use, and...    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'melvin williams ' with the relationship of 'field of work'.  Choices: - actor  - afghanistan  - asia  - author  - comedy  - english  - entertainment  - film  - gas  - health  - health care  - history  - illegal drug trade  - infection  - management  - medical diagnosis  - music  - physical examination  - plant  - production  - research  - sport  - telecommunication  - television  - trade  - writer
The answer is: