Here is a news article: Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump and outgoing Sen. Bob Corker launched into a Twitter spat Sunday morning in a major public falling out, making the Tennessean the latest senior Republican lawmaker to openly criticize Trump over his statements online and off. 
  
 Trump tweeted Sunday morning in a series of posts attacking Corker that he denied the senator's request for an endorsement -- a claim denied by Corker's chief of staff, Todd Womack, later in the day. 
  
 "The president called Senator Corker on Monday afternoon and asked him to reconsider his decision not to seek reelection and reaffirmed that he would have endorsed him, as he has said many times," Womack said in a statement. 
  
 Trump told Corker he was going to endorse him the day the Tennessee Republican announced his intention to retire, two sources familiar with the discussions said. 
  
 Corker, whose term expires at the end of next year, made the announcement that he would retire late last month. 
  
 Trump's slams on Corker come days after the senator made public comments criticizing him. The senator responded to Trump's tweets with an insult later in the morning, calling the White House "an adult day care center" in a Twitter post. 
  
 And he wasn't done there. 
  
 In remarks to The New York Times published on Sunday night, Corker said Trump was treating the presidency like "a reality show," making reckless threats against other countries that put the United States "on the path to World War III." 
  
 Corker also said Trump acts "like he's doing 'The Apprentice' or something," and that alarmed the senator, according to the Times. 
  
 "He concerns me," Corker told the newspaper. "He would have to concern anyone who cares about our nation." 
  
 And the risks Trump's behavior presents also concern some of his top officials, who endeavor daily to protect the President from his own instincts, the Times reported. 
  
 "I know for a fact that every single day at the White House, it's a situation of trying to contain him," Corker told the newspaper. 
  
 The flare-up between the two leaders highlights the long-simmering differences between GOP leaders and the President, who has not shied away from attacking the leadership over their inability to move health care legislation. It also comes as Trump prepares to press Congress to advance his proposed tax overhaul and tensions reportedly grow between Trump and members of his own Cabinet -- especially Secretary of State Rex Tillerson -- on issues such as the way to handle North Korea's nuclear weapons program. 
  
 Corker's vote will be critical on tax reform, and he remains an influential voice on Trump's foreign policy challenges, including over how to handle the Iran nuclear deal. 
  
 It's not the first time Trump and the White House have privately sent one signal to Corker while publicly saying something else. Following Corker's pointed attack on Trump for his handling of the deadly violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, in August, Vice President Mike Pence quietly sought to repair ties with Corker after the President knocked the Tennessee Republican on Twitter, sources said. 
  
 On Sunday morning, Trump again launched an attack on Corker. 
  
 "Senator Bob Corker 'begged' me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said 'NO' and he dropped out (said he could not win without..." Trump tweeted . "..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!" 
  
 "...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!" Trump added. 
  
 Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 ..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 ...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 The President continued to slam Corker in a tweet in the late afternoon. 
  
 "Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, & that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!" he wrote. 
  
 Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, & that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 Corker responded on Twitter after Trump's initial tweets: "It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning." 
  
 It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning. — Senator Bob Corker (@SenBobCorker) October 8, 2017 
  
 Former US Attorney Preet Bharara, now a senior legal analyst at CNN, retweeted Corker's response, remarking, "An adult day care center whose chief resident can't count to 51." 
  
 An adult day care center whose chief resident can't count to 51... https://t.co/QnXl8tDJm3 — Preet Bharara (@PreetBharara) October 8, 2017 
  
 Bharara was fired by Trump a few months into his presidency. 
  
 Later Sunday, California Democratic Rep. Ted Lieu expanded on Trump's relationships with members of Congress, saying Corker's response highlighted why Republicans have not been able to pass major legislation this year. 
  
 "Donald Trump is a weak President with low approval ratings who does not command respect on Capitol Hill," Lieu told anchor Ana Cabrera on "CNN Newsroom." "As a result, Trump can't deliver the votes when he needs it. And to make matters worse, Donald Trump is not trying to build relationships. He lashes out and insults members of Congress. And keep in mind, Trump's deficit-exploding tax plan can only lose three Republican Senate votes before it dies." 
  
 "I wish I could replay what people tell me on the floor from my colleagues across the aisle," Lieu continued. "I can't do that, but they are similar to Senator Corker. I could just say this, the President is not respected by many members of Congress. You're seeing that play out in terms of failed legislation, and you see that played out when the President goes after and singles out individual members of Congress and attacks them. That's not how you build relationships." 
  
 Corker, who chairs the Senate foreign relations committee, defended his record on the Iran deal in an op-ed in The Washington Times last year, saying he led Senate opposition to the Obama-era pact and was joined by almost the entire Senate and House in passing legislation in 2015 to establish a process for congressional review. 
  
 "Without it, there would have been no requirement that Congress receive full details of the deal; no review period for Congress to examine and weigh in on the agreement; no requirement that the president regularly certify that Iran is complying; and no way for Congress to rapidly reimpose sanctions should Iran cheat," Corker wrote. 
  
 The senator has also made some critical comments about Trump's demeanor and temperament in recent weeks. 
  
 Corker said in August that Trump had not yet demonstrated "the stability nor some of the competence" he needed to be successful. 
  
 Defense Secretary James Mattis and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly "help separate our country from chaos." He said Wednesday that Tillerson,Defense Secretary James Mattis and White House Chief of Staff John Kelly "help separate our country from chaos." 
  
 Corker also said Tillerson has not received the support he needs from Trump. 
  
 "I mean, look, I see what's happening here," Corker said. "I deal with people throughout the administration and (Tillerson), from my perspective, is in an incredibly frustrating place, where, as I watch, OK, and I can watch very closely on many occasions, I mean you know, he ends up being not being supported in the way I would hope a secretary of state would be supported, that's just from my vantage point." 
  
 Tillerson, who has reportedly been displeased with Trump and his own role in the administration, made a public statement last week reaffirming his support for the President after news reports spoke of acrimony between the two men -- principally, that Tillerson had questioned Trump's intelligence, calling him a "moron," in front of other top officials. 
  
 Tillerson's statement of support for Trump prompted the President to say his secretary of state had refuted the story about the insult. Trump later told reporters inside a Las Vegas hospital, where he was visiting the victims of last Sunday's mass shooting, that he has "total confidence" in Tillerson and said reports that the secretary of state called him a moron were "fake news" and "totally made up." ||||| Sen. Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, on Sunday called the White House “an adult day care center” after President Trump attacked him in a morning Twitter tirade. 
  
 Setting off an extraordinary squabble between two leaders of the same party, Trump alleged in a trio of tweets that Corker “begged” him for his endorsement, did not receive it and decided to retire because he “didn't have the guts” to run for reelection next year. 
  
 In response, Corker (Tenn.) tweeted, “It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning.” 
  
 It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning. — Senator Bob Corker (@SenBobCorker) October 8, 2017 
  
 By alienating Corker, Trump risks further endangering his legislative agenda. As chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Corker would be a leading voice on Capitol Hill determining the future of the Iran nuclear deal, should Trump “decertify” the agreement and punt to Congress a decision about whether to restore sanctions against Iran. 
  
 Corker also sits on the Senate Budget Committee and looks to play a key role in the upcoming debate over taxes. The senator already has expressed some concerns with the Trump administration's proposal on tax cuts. 
  
 In an apparent response to Corker's "adult day care center" charge, Trump tweeted on Sunday afternoon that Corker was an ineffective senator and could not "get the job done." 
  
 "Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, & that's about it," Trump wrote. "We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done!" 
  
 Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal, & that's about it. We need HealthCare, we need Tax Cuts/Reform, we need people that can get the job done! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 Trump's public lashing of Corker comes after the senator made headlines last week when he starkly suggested that the national security team provides the president with badly needed adult supervision. In a remarkable statement, Corker told reporters that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly “are those people that help separate our country from chaos.” 
  
 Trump, who has little tolerance for public criticism and prides himself on counterpunching those who cross him, fired off a trio of tweets Sunday morning attacking Corker, who announced last month that he plans to retire and not seek reelection in 2018. 
  
 Trump tweeted, “Senator Bob Corker 'begged' me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said 'NO' and he dropped out (said he could not win without... ..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said 'NO THANKS.' He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal! Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run!” 
  
 Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee. I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 ..my endorsement). He also wanted to be Secretary of State, I said "NO THANKS." He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 ...Hence, I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. Didn't have the guts to run! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 8, 2017 
  
 Todd Womack, Corker's chief of staff, disputed Trump's claims, saying that the president repeatedly has offered to support Corker, and as recently as last week asked the senator to change his mind and run for reelection. 
  
 “The president called Senator Corker on Monday afternoon and asked him to reconsider his decision not to seek reelection and reaffirmed that he would have endorsed him, as he has said many times,” Womack said in a statement. 
  
 Corker was a prominent supporter of Trump's 2016 campaign, and Trump considered him a potential running mate and secretary of state. Corker was one of only a few senators to develop a personal relationship with Trump and his family, but tensions between the two men flared over the summer. 
  
 In August, Corker criticized Trump's handling of the deadly white-supremacist rally in Charlottesville, saying, “The president has not yet been able to demonstrate the stability nor some of the competence that he needs to demonstrate in order to be successful.” 
  
 Then, as now, Corker became a subject of Trump's ire. In response to the senator's “stability” and “competence” comments, Trump tweeted, “Tennessee not happy!” 
  
 Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 25, 2017 
  
 Corker is not the only Republican senator to come under attack from the presidential bully pulpit. In recent months, Trump has gone after Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.) and Sens. Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.), John McCain (Ariz.) and Jeff Flake (Ariz.) with cutting and sometimes personal insults. 
  
 Republican lawmakers have voiced exasperation that Trump is spending his time attacking senators he will need as allies if he hopes to sign any signature legislation, such as the tax-cut plan his administration has been trumpeting. 
  
 Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget, said Sunday that he enjoys working with Corker and that the senator feels free to speak his mind now that he is not seeking reelection. 
  
 “I think it’s going to be fun to work with him, especially now that he’s announced that he’s not running for reelection, because I think it sort of unleashes him to do whatever and say whatever he wants to say,” Mulvaney said Sunday on NBC's “Meet the Press.” 
  
 1 of 81 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Scenes from Trump?s second six months in office View Photos A look at the second half, so far, of the president?s first year in the White House. Caption A look at the second half, so far, of the president?s first year in the White House. Jabin Botsford Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. 
  
 Robert Costa contributed to this report. |||||
A summary of this is?