Here is a news article: SOUTH LAKE TAHOE, Calif. (AP) — The U.S. Forest Service will postpone a tree-thinning project intended to decrease the wildfire risk at Lake Tahoe after a lawsuit raised concern about its effect on an endangered frog species. 
  
 The agency had been removing and burning trees and brush on land near Upper Echo Lake, about 8 miles southwest of South Lake Tahoe, that is considered for designation as critical habitat for the Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog. 
  
 Dennis Murphy, a renowned conservation biologist at the University of Nevada, Reno, filed the lawsuit last year. He said the logging threatens the survival of the frog, listed as an endangered species in April. 
  
 The Forest Service agreed in a stipulation signed by a federal judge Wednesday to consult with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service about potential effects to the frog, the Tahoe Daily Tribune reported (http://bit.ly/1pJWztO ). 
  
 It also said it would halt the project through this year and wait to resume thinning trees until finishing its consultation with wildlife officials. 
  
 Forest Service spokeswoman Cheva Gabor declined to comment. "Once the matter is in the courts, we let the legal process unwind," she said. 
  
 Murphy's attorney, Paul Weiland, said he was pleased with the outcome. 
  
 "Certainly, it is welcome news that they were able to stop the project and address the issue with the project impacts with the Fish and Wildlife Service," he told the newspaper. 
  
 The suit says the Forest Service violated the National Environmental Policy Act by failing to prepare an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment. 
  
 "At a minimum, the Forest Service should have conducted surveys of the project area to determine whether its activities would harm the species and its habitat," Murphy, a research professor in biology at UNR, said in a statement. "But instead the agency put on blinders to the impacts of the project hoping no one would notice." 
  
 ___ 
  
 Information from: Tahoe Daily Tribune, http://www.tahoedailytribune.com/ ||||| The U.S. Forest Service has agreed to hold off on a fuels reduction project near Upper Echo Lake this year, as part of ongoing litigation that, until recently, accused the agency’s tree thinning operations of threatening a protected animal species. 
  
 Land under the Upper Echo Lakes Hazardous Fuels Reduction Project is being considered as a designated critical habitat for the Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog, an animal that was recently placed on the endangered species list in April. 
  
 If the agency was to continue removing or burning trees and brush at the lake — a region the plaintiff says doesn’t need it — the work could further “result in harmful effects on ecological and historical resources,” according to the lawsuit. 
  
 “At a minimum, the Forest Service should have conducted surveys of the project area to determine whether its activities would harm the species and its habitat,” said plaintiff Dr. Dennis Murphy, a Pew Scholar in conservation and the environment and research professor in biology at the University of Nevada, Reno, “but instead the agency put on blinders to the impacts of the project hoping no one would notice.” 
  
 In a stipulation signed by Senior U.S. District Judge Garland Burrell, Jr., on Wednesday, the Forest Service agreed to consult with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service regarding potential impacts to the frogs. 
  
 It has also committed to take no further on-the-ground action on the project through 2014 or resume activities before the consultation with the wildlife service is complete. 
  
 The Forest Service was reached by phone Friday, but declined to comment on the case. 
  
 “Once the matter is in the courts, we let the legal process unwind,” spokeswoman Cheva Gabor said. 
  
 Following the Forest Service’s cooperation, Murphy, in a separate stipulation filed Friday, dismissed the claims that the agency violated the Endangered Species Act. His attorney, Paul Weiland, said he was pleased with the outcome. 
  
 “Certainly it is welcome news that they were able to stop the project and address the issues with the project impacts with the Fish and Wildlife Service,” Weiland said. 
  
 However, Murphy’s claim that the Forest Service violated the National Environmental Policy Act still stands in the lawsuit. 
  
 Murphy says the Echo Lake fuel reduction project, which is intended to decrease fire risk on forest land near the lake, violated NEPA by moving ahead without preparing a proper environmental impact statement or environmental assessment. 
  
 The Forest Service worked on the project for several weeks in fall 2013. Work was about 40 percent done when the government shutdown halted progress. 
  
 Murphy, whose family has owned a seasonal residence on Upper Echo Lake for more than 80 years, filed the lawsuit in November. 
  
 “The Project area is littered with dozens of slash piles, many that are in or adjacent to wetland, including ephemeral streams, meadows and seasonal ponds,” Murphy said in a statement. “The Forest Service has abrogated its duty (to) analyze the deleterious environmental impacts of the Project under the National Environmental Policy Act.” 
  
 Weiland believes attorneys with the Forest Service will file a motion to dismiss the NEPA claims on Monday. But the federal agency said it could “neither confirm nor deny” those assumptions. 
  
 If that is the case, however, Murphy said he and Weiland are prepared to file a response. 
  
 “In plain English, the Forest Service has a lot of fuel reduction work they could be doing in the basin, but it doesn’t need to be done here,” he said. ||||| The Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog evolved in the fishless waters of Yosemite: "... advent of fish in a lake sooner or later nearly or quite eliminates the frogs. It seems probable that the fish prey upon the tadpoles, so that few or none of the latter are able to reach the stage at which they transform. The frogs which live along the streams probably spawn in small temporary pools in the meadows which the trout cannot reach."—Animal Life in the Yosemite by J. Grinnell and T.I. Storer, 1924 Basic Biology Endangered status: Federal Endangered species and California Threatened species 
  
 Federal Endangered species and California Threatened species Physical description of adults: Pattern on back highly variable with ranging from a few large to many small discrete dark spots within a variably colored mosaic of pale spots of different sizes and shapes; back usually mixture of brown and yellow, but often gray, red, or green-brown; underside of hind legs yellow; throat is white or yellow 
  
 Pattern on back highly variable with ranging from a few large to many small discrete dark spots within a variably colored mosaic of pale spots of different sizes and shapes; back usually mixture of brown and yellow, but often gray, red, or green-brown; underside of hind legs yellow; throat is white or yellow Size: Up to 3 ½ inches long 
  
 Up to 3 ½ inches long Habitat: High mountain lakes, ponds, tarns and steams; rarely found more than 3 feet from water 
  
 High mountain lakes, ponds, tarns and steams; rarely found more than 3 feet from water Reproduction: Eggs laid as snow begins to melt; egg mass may be as small as a walnut or as large as a grapefruit; tadpoles take up to 4 years to metamorphosis into adults 
  
 Eggs laid as snow begins to melt; egg mass may be as small as a walnut or as large as a grapefruit; tadpoles take up to 4 years to metamorphosis into adults Population status: 95% decline 
  
 95% decline Threats: Non-native fish, disease, airborne contaminants At one time the rare Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog (Rana sierrae) was the most abundant amphibian in the high mountain lakes of the Sierra Nevada. Visitors hiking along lakeshores could encounter frogs by the hundreds. Populations have since declined approximately 95% in the Sierra Nevada, including in Yosemite. Recent surveys in 2005-2007 determined that the species is still in rapid decline and on a trajectory toward extinction. Because of the precipitous declines, the frog is proposed as an Endangered species for protection under the Federal Endangered Species Act. The ecological effects of the loss of the Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog from most of its range have been significant, as their former abundance made them a keystone predator and prey and a crucial agent of nutrient and energy cycling in Sierra Nevada aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems. Multiple factors have contributed to the decline of the frog, including the introduction of fish into naturally fishless waters throughout most of the park. As early as the turn of the 20th century, scientists in Yosemite noticed that frogs and fish rarely occurred in the same lake or stream. Non-native trout feed on eggs, tadpoles, and young adults and compete for natural food sources. Although fish stocking in Yosemite ceased in 1991, many non-native trout populations continue to exist. Studies suggest that the recently discovered amphibian chytrid fungus is a major contributor to observed declines in the Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog. Chytridiomycosis, an often fatal disease, was first discovered in the Sierra Nevada in 2001. Subsequent studies have found that the chytrid fungus has been present in the Sierra Nevada at least since the mid-'70s. The chytrid fungus appears to live on keratin—the same substance fingernails are made of—found on the external mouthparts of tadpoles, and in the outer skin layer of adults. The growth of the fungus on adult’s skin apparently disrupts the frog’s ability to breathe through its skin and osmoregulate—sustain an internal water balance; both effects resulting in nearly certain death. Much still needs to be learned about the chytrid fungus, what its origins are and how it is spread. Research suggests that the fungus is a "novel pathogen," meaning that it has recently spread from outside the geographic area to highly susceptible local species that did not evolve with the pathogen. Chytrid fungus has occurred in African clawed frog populations at least since the 1930s and is rarely fatal in this species. The African clawed frog has been transported around the world first for human pregnancy tests in the 1940s-1950s and later for laboratory testing and as pets. Release of animals into the wild could have infected new geographic areas. Also unknown is how the fungus moves between water bodies. While the fungal disease is highly fatal to Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frogs, there is some hope. A small number of frog populations have been able to persist and some populations have even increased in size despite the presence of the chytrid fungus. Ongoing research supported by the National Science Foundation is investigating why these few populations have been able to hang on. Such research will contribute to development of strategies to reestablish populations of frogs in the future. Additional causes of decline may include deposition of airborne contaminants, such as pesticides and other chemicals, from sources outside the park, other pathogens, and possibly a combination of these and other stressors. Two ongoing experimental projects are being conducted in Yosemite to determine the feasibility of expanding the distribution of the frog in the park. The park began a Yosemite Conservancy supported project in 2006 to re-introduce the frogs into several fishless lakes and started a project in 2007, supported by entrance fee funds, to restore habitat by removing non-native fish from a handful of remote sites. Fish removal has focused on 11 lakes in six areas. Six of these lakes are now considered fishless (Virginia Lake, Cold Mountain Area Lakes, and Bartlett Creek Lakes) and five more are currently being restored to their natural fishless state (Tiny McCabe, Ardeth, Miwok, Roosevelt, and Hutchings Creek Lakes). These lakes constitute 5% of the lakes that contain fish in the park. Research has shown that once fishless, the lakes are re-populated by native species, including frogs and invertebrates. SPECIES: View a list of Yosemite’s amphibian species and a list of the park’s special status animal species. Saving Yosemite's Frogs Can we save the Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog from extinction? Human introduced non-native species (fish and fungus) have been causing the frog to go from the most abundant amphibian in the Sierra Nevada to critically endangered. However, habitat restoration efforts in Yosemite are showing promising signs for the frog's recovery and long-term survival. Duration: 8 minutes, 27 seconds Date created: 2013-12-11 Download Original File: yose-savingfrogs.m4v 94,967 KB Fish Removal FAQ 
  
 Why are fish being removed from lakes in Yosemite National Park? 
  
 The primary reason fish are being removed from a small number of lakes is to provide more available breeding and overwintering habitat for the recovery and conservation of the federally endangered Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog. In addition, the restoration of mountain lakes to a fishless condition benefits ecosystem function as a whole, increasing insect diversity and abundance, which in turn benefits terrestrial wildlife species. Is Yosemite trying to remove fish from all waters within the park, and if not, how many lakes and streams will be affected? 
  
 Yosemite has almost 2,700 lakes, of which about 250 currently contain fish. The National Park Service anticipates removing fish only from approximately 25 lakes (about 10% of lakes containing fish) total over the next 15 to 20 years. In addition, there are approximately 1,200 miles of streams in Yosemite of which 800 miles support fish. There are no plans to remove trout from stream locations other than short segments associated with lake inlets and outlets at restoration sites. Where is the best place to receive the latest information regarding the removal of fish in order to plan a visit to the park? 
  
 The best place to receive the most current information for trip planning is at wilderness centers and permit stations. How do I express concerns, learn more about the fish removal program, and get on the mailing list for attending future public meetings with regards to plans involving fish removal? 
  
 Superintendent 
  
 Attn: High-Elevation Aquatic Ecosystem Recovery and Stewardship Plan Environmental Assessment 
  
 P.O. Box 577 
  
 Yosemite, CA 95389 
  
 Phone: 209/379-1365 
  
 Fax: 209/379-1294 
  
 Email 
  
  
  
 Learn more about the High-elevation Aquatic Ecosystem Recovery and Stewardship Plan 
  
 Factsheet: High-Elevation Aquatic Ecosytem Recovery Plan [80 kb PDF]. 
  
 Factsheet: Restoration of the Sierra Nevada Yellow-legged Frog: Experimental Fish Removal - learn about the impact of non-native fish. [77 kb PDF] 
  
 Factsheet: Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog - learn more about this frog's status. [299 kb PDF] 
  
 Factsheet: Yosemite toad - learn more about protecting this species of concern. [74.5 kb PDF] 
  
 Learn more about amphibians in Yosemite and how they have adapted to a more terrestrial lifestyle . 
  
 amphibians in Yosemite and how they have adapted to a more terrestrial lifestyle Understand how Yosemite's air quality might affect aquatic animals. The Sierra Nevada Southern Cascades Contaminants (SNSCC) Workshop's 2009report [530 kb PDF] summarizes potential impacts of airborne contaminants on the Sierra Nevada ecosystems. 
  
 SPECIES: View a list of Yosemite’s amphibian species and a list of the park’s special status animal species. 
  
 View a list of Yosemite’s amphibian species and a list of the park’s special status animal species. SuperintendentAttn: High-Elevation Aquatic Ecosystem Recovery and Stewardship Plan Environmental AssessmentP.O. Box 577Yosemite, CA 95389Phone: 209/379-1365Fax: 209/379-1294 |||||
A summary of this is?