A teacher who was allegedly killed by one of her students had asked him to stay after school the day she was killed, a classmate said Thursday, as students met with grief counselors and tried to come to grips with the slaying of the popular teacher. 
  
 Danvers High School students hold a candlelight vigil to mourn the death of Colleen Ritzer, a 24-year-old math teacher at Danvers High School, on Wednesday, Oct 23, 2013, in Danvers, Mass. Ritzer's was... (Associated Press) 
  
 Philip Chism, 14, stands during his arraignment for the death of Danvers High School teacher Colleen Ritzer as his attorney Denise Regan speaks on his behalf in Salem District Court in Salem, Mass., Wednesday,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Philip Chism, 14, stands during his arraignment for the death of Danvers High School teacher Colleen Ritzer in Salem District Court in Salem, Mass., Wednesday, Oct. 23, 2013. Chism has been ordered held... (Associated Press) 
  
 Philip Chism, 14, stands during his arraignment for the death of Danvers High School teacher Colleen Ritzer in Salem District Court in Salem, Mass., Wednesday, Oct. 23, 2013. Chism has been ordered held... (Associated Press) 
  
 Danvers High School teacher Colleen Ritzeris seen in this undated photo provided by the family of Ritzer. Fourteen-year-old high school student Philip Chism was accused of killing Ritzer, a well-liked... (Associated Press) 
  
 Parents and Danvers High School students hold candlelight vigil to mourn the death of Colleen Ritzer, a 24-year-old math teacher at Danvers High School, on Wednesday, Oct 23, 2013, in Danvers, Mass. Ritzer's... (Associated Press) 
  
 Candles and teddy bears are placed at Danvers High School prior to a candlelight vigil to mourn the death of Colleen Ritzer, a 24-year-old math teacher at Danvers High School on Wednesday, Oct 23, 2013,... (Associated Press) 
  
 Philip Chism, 14, was charged with murder Wednesday in the death of Colleen Ritzer, a 24-year-old math teacher at Danvers High School. 
  
 Rania Rhaddaoui sat two seats away from Chism in Ritzer's Algebra I class, the final class of the school day. She said Chism was drawing in a notebook rather than taking notes Tuesday. 
  
 "She came over and said, `I didn't know you draw,' and he said, `yes,' then later on, she said, `Can you stay after with me?'" Rhaddaoui said. "Obviously, he stayed after because when I was leaving, he was still at his desk." 
  
 She said Ritzer had scheduled a test for Friday, but she was unsure why exactly Ritzer asked Chism to stay after school. 
  
 Ritzer never returned home that day. Blood in a second-floor bathroom helped lead investigators to her body, which was dumped in the woods behind the school in a close-knit community about 20 miles north of Boston. 
  
 Chism was picked up by police in the early morning hours Wednesday, walking along Route 1 in neighboring Topsfield. His attorney declined to comment outside court Wednesday and did not immediately return a call seeking comment Thursday. 
  
 The high school remained closed for classes Thursday, but grief counselors were on hand to offer comfort to students. 
  
 Kaitlyn Nash, 16, went to the school to be with her friends. She said students who knew and loved Ritzer were still trying to make sense of what happened. She said she found it particularly frightening that she had theater rehearsal Tuesday afternoon and was at the school when authorities believe Ritzer was killed. 
  
 "It's just terrifying," she said. "I know a lot of people don't want to go back to school at this point. I know we have to, and we just need to get on with." 
  
 Classes were expected to resume Friday. 
  
 Authorities offered no clues Thursday on Chism's alleged motive. They also would not say how Ritzer was killed. 
  
 Carrie Kimball-Monahan, a spokeswoman for Essex District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett, said the case was still being investigated. 
  
 Chism had moved to Massachusetts from Tennessee before the start of the school year and was a top scorer on the school's junior varsity soccer team. 
  
 Jean McCartin, a Danvers School Committee member, said the school has extensive programs to help ease the transition for new students who may have problems but there was no information about Chism that would have presented any red flags. 
  
 "He just presented himself to us like any other student would," she said Thursday. "And that's what I think is so hard for the administration right now. You know, their hearts are breaking because they just didn't know he was in need, if he was in need. ... No one knows why he would have behaved in this way and done such a terrible thing." 
  
 Students were also puzzled. Chism's teammates on the soccer team have said he was soft-spoken and nonviolent. 
  
 Rhaddaoui said Chism was quiet, and she never saw him raise his hand in math class. She said they were also in the same history class, where he told classmates he spoke three languages: English, Portuguese and Japanese. 
  
 Mark Nolan, of Clarksville, Tenn., who coached Chism in a local youth soccer program for several years when Chism was 9 or 10, said there was nothing unusual about him. 
  
 "He didn't stand out; he wasn't a troublemaker," Nolan said. "He had no problem with other kids. He wasn't overly aggressive." 
  
 Nolan recalled that Chism's father was in the military and his mother was a social worker. Both parents attended their son's soccer matches, Nolan said. 
  
 Caio Silva, a Danvers High School senior and varsity soccer player, said he knew both Chism and Ritzer. He said he and his teammates are helping each other. 
  
 "A lot of the guys are really shocked, a lot of guys are down, really upset," he said. 
  
 "It's just really sad," he said. "A lady that was really sweet and a kid who was really sweet. It just doesn't really match up. It's really sad." 
  
 The manager of Hollywood Hits Theatres in Danvers said Chism went to the theater late Tuesday afternoon and bought a ticket to see Woody Allen's new movie, "Blue Jasmine." 
  
 Scott Przybycien said police came to the theater Tuesday night and said they had information that Chism had been at the theater. Przybycien said the theater's surveillance video showed Chism entering the theater at about 4:15 p.m., paying $8.00 in cash for a movie ticket, then leaving the building at about 6:15 p.m., after the movie ended. Authorities believe Ritzer was killed after school ended at about 2 p.m., but they have not released a specific time. 
  
 "He didn't stand out in any way," Przybycien said. "There was no reason for any business to be concerned. He looked like a normal, everyday customer coming in to watch a movie." 
  
 Ritzer was described as an enthusiastic, caring teacher who stood outside her classroom and said hello to all students, whether they were in her classes or not. 
  
 "She was very approachable," Rhaddaoui said. "She was always smiling. She always made the best of every situation." 
  
 Ritzer's family released a statement Thursday, asking the media to respect their privacy as they make arrangements "to celebrate Colleen's vibrant life." 
  
 Chism appeared briefly in court Wednesday for arraignment on a murder charge and was ordered held without bail. 
  
 Ritzer was the second teacher allegedly killed by a student in the U.S. this week. A Sparks, Nev., middle school teacher was shot Monday, allegedly by a 12-year-old student. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Denise Lavoie in Boston and Travis Loller in Clarksville, Tenn., contributed to this report. ||||| DANVERS — The high school math teacher who was allegedly slain by a 14-year-old student asked the student to stay after school on the day she was killed because she wanted to help him with an upcoming test, a student in the class said today. 
  
 Student Rania Rhaedaoui said she was in Colleen Ritzer’s algebra class on the last period of the day on Tuesday, along with the suspect, Philip Chism. 
  
 “She saw him drawing during class and she just said to him, ‘I didn’t know you could draw,’” said Rhaedaoui, a 14-year-old freshman. 
  
 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below 
  
 “I sit really close to him, so I could hear,” she said. 
  
 Rhaedaoui said she later heard Ritzer ask Chism to stay after school. 
  
 “She just said, ‘Can you stay after with me?’ He just gave a nod.” 
  
 “There was a test coming up, and she wanted to know if he had any questions on learning equations,” Rhaedaoui said. 
  
 Cambria Cloutier, another 14-year-old freshman, who was also in the class, said she walked by Ritzer’s classroom at about 3:15 p.m., more than an hour after the class had gotten out at 1:55 p.m. “She was standing at her computer, and he was just sitting there,” Cloutier said. “It just looked normal, like any other day.” 
  
 Chism, who moved to Danvers this summer from Tennessee, was ordered held without bail Thursday in the death of Ritzer, 24, who was recalled as a natural teacher devoted to her students. 
  
 Ritzer’s body was found early Wednesday morning in the woods behind the school. Few details of Chism’s alleged crime, including his possible motive, have been disclosed by investigators, and they declined comment today. 
  
 Also today, a Danvers movie theater manager said Chism had watched a movie after school Tuesday at Hollywood Hits, a six-screen complex on Endicott Street. 
  
 Scott Przybycien said Chism came into the building at 4:15 p.m. Chism paid $8 in cash for a ticket to the 4:30 p.m. showing of “Blue Jasmine,” a Woody Allen film. 
  
 “He sat alone in Theater Two,” said Przybycien. Chism, who was caught on the theater’s surveillance video, was dressed in a sweatsuit, and did not purchase any concessions, Przybycien said. Chism did not say or do anything to draw attention to himself, Przybycien said. 
  
 “There was nothing about his manner, or the way he was dressed, that stood out. A teen dressed in a sweatsuit is not unusual here,” he added. Chism left the theater about 6:15 p.m., the manager said. 
  
 The school reopened today, offering grief counseling for students and families. Students arrived in shock and in tears. “There were people in the school, and no one, like, knew it was happening,” Amanda Finn, 18, said as she arrived. 
  
 Finn said Ritzer was not one of her teachers, but she had a cheery presence. 
  
 “She was so nice. She would see you in the hall and say, ‘Hey, great outfit!’” Finn said. 
  
 Finn said she came to school to support the teachers. “I know so many of them were friends with her,” she said. 
  
 Other schools in the town were to operate normally, according to a statement released Wednesday by School Superintendent Lisa Dana. The high school is expected to resume its normal schedule on Friday. 
  
 Officials also scheduled an informational meeting for 6:30 p.m. in the school’s field house. 
  
 Orange leaves littered the grass in front of the high school, under trees reduced to bare branches. A clutch of black balloons was tied to the blue-and-gold school sign out front. Pink ribbons — pink was said to be Ritzer’s favorite color — were tied to tree trunks. 
  
 A memorial left over from a candlelight vigil attended by hundreds on Wednesday night included pink and white candles and handwritten condolence notes. One note said, “Another Angel Gone Too Soon.” Another said, “RIP Colleen Ritzer.” 
  
 A Red Sox teddy bear lay next to a pot of yellow mums. Roses wrapped in cellophane, and other tokens, such as a small stuffed pink whale, were also included. The flag flew at half-staff and the electronic message board in front of the school displayed another tweet by Ritzer: “No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy.” 
  
 June McEachern arrived at the school with her son, Kyle, a sophomore, for grief counseling. 
  
 “As a parent, I don’t know how to console” a child through such a tragedy, she said. ”What can you say to a child?” She hopes the counseling provides guidance about how “to make the best of a bad, bad situation.” 
  
 Nicole White, a freshman who had Ritzer for geometry, said Chism was in her biology and history classes. 
  
 “He was just really quiet,” said White. 
  
 She said Ritzer was “gentle and sweet . . . She wanted the best for everyone.” 
  
 Sarah Roach, 14, another freshman who had Ritzer for geometry, said she hoped the counseling “will make us feel more comfortable going back to school” on Friday. 
  
 “I’m kind of nervous about going back to [Ritzer’s] classroom,” Roach said. Roach said Ritzer had a fun, light-hearted approach to teaching geometry. 
  
 “She’d say things like ‘Yay, more proofs today!’” Roach recalled. 
  
 A spokeswoman for Essex District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett, whose office is overseeing the murder investigation, said prosecutors would not be commenting on the case, except through court filings. 
  
 “This is an active and very fluid investigation, and it is inappropriate for me to make any comments about the possible findings of that investigation while it is ongoing,’’ said Carrie Kimball Monahan. 
  
 She said that no additional charges had been filed against Chism – who faces a single count of first-degree murder – and no one else has been arrested. 
  
 “I am not going to make any comments on any evidence that we have found,’’ she said in a brief telephone interview. 
  
 Ritzer was reported missing at about 11:20 p.m. Tuesday when she did not return home and did not answer her cellphone. Police went to the high school, where they found blood in a second-floor bathroom, prompting a search of the grounds and the discovery of her body shortly before 3 a.m. Wednesday, authorities have said. 
  
 Chism was last seen around 6:30 p.m. Tuesday at the theater, police have said. Danvers police issued a tweet, seeking him as a missing child at 9:25 p.m. that night. Chism was found by police in neighboring Topsfield at 12:30 a.m. Wednesday, walking north on the southbound side of Route 1. 
  
 Chism was the leading scorer on the school’s junior varsity team. Several of Chism’s soccer teammates said he had mysteriously vanished Tuesday afternoon, missing a team practice at 4 p.m. and a team dinner at 6. Teammates last saw the youth running away from the practice field, breathlessly telling them he had something he needed to take care of. 
  
 The students said Chism was an amiable, hard-working boy who loved soccer, and who had bonded quickly with his new team. 
  
 Chism had moved in recent months from Tennessee to Danvers with his mother and sisters, friends said. His father has remained in Tennessee and has no contact with him, according to his teammates. The teenager had attended school in the Clarksville-Montgomery County school system in Tennessee since fourth grade, except for one year in Florida. He left in May, a school spokeswoman said. 
  
 A law enforcement official briefed on the investigation said the teacher was stabbed and cut. It appeared, according to the official, that a box cutter was used. The official declined to speak for attribution, citing the sensitivity of the investigation. 
  
 In a police report filed in Salem District Court, where Chism was arraigned Wednesday as an adult on a charge of first-degree murder, investigators said the teenager “assaulted and subsequently murdered” Ritzer, then disposed of her body. A not-guilty plea was entered on his behalf. 
  
 The law enforcement official said surveillance footage from inside the school showed Chism pushing a recycling bin through the hall and outside the building. Authorities are trying to determine if Ritzer’s body was in the bin. 
  
 Evidence was found at multiple scenes at the school and the surrounding woods, police said. Police charged Chism after interviewing him and reviewing the footage. 
  
 A statement released today by a spokesman for the Ritzer family said, “The Ritzer Family is most grateful for the outpouring of support during this very difficult time.” |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?