Article:
Streamed live on Nov 7, 2018 
  
 Justin Trudeau apologizes for the federal government turning away the MS St. Louis, a refugee ship carrying Jews fleeing Europe, in 1939. Most ended up facing Nazi persecution, and 254 died in concentration camps. Read more: https://www.cbc.ca/1.4888327 
  
  
  
  
  
 »»» Subscribe to CBC News to watch more videos: http://bit.ly/1RreYWS 
  
  
  
 Connect with CBC News Online: 
  
  
  
 For breaking news, video, audio and in-depth coverage: http://bit.ly/1Z0m6iX 
  
 Find CBC News on Facebook: http://bit.ly/1WjG36m 
  
 Follow CBC News on Twitter: http://bit.ly/1sA5P9H 
  
 For breaking news on Twitter: http://bit.ly/1WjDyks 
  
 Follow CBC News on Instagram: http://bit.ly/1Z0iE7O 
  
  
  
 Download the CBC News app for iOS: http://apple.co/25mpsUz 
  
 Download the CBC News app for Android: http://bit.ly/1XxuozZ 
  
  
  
 »»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»» 
  
 For more than 75 years, CBC News has been the source Canadians turn to, to keep them informed about their communities, their country and their world. Through regional and national programming on multiple platforms, including CBC Television, CBC News Network, CBC Radio, CBCNews.ca, mobile and on-demand, CBC News and its internationally recognized team of award-winning journalists deliver the breaking stories, the issues, the analyses and the personalities that matter to Canadians. ||||| Open this photo in gallery Ana Maria Gordon, second from left, who is the only surviving Canadian passenger of the MS St. Louis, stands with family and fellow survivors during a formal apology from the Canadian Government over the fate of the MS St. Louis and its passengers in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Wednesday, Nov. 7, 2018. Sean Kilpatrick/The Canadian Press 
  
 Prime Minister Justin Trudeau formally apologized Wednesday for a shameful episode in Canada’s history, when this country turned away more than 900 German Jewish refugees fleeing Nazi terror and persecution. 
  
 Canada’s 1939 refusal to grant asylum to the refugees on the MS St. Louis ocean liner and its callous attitude to what was unfolding in Europe was not only a dereliction of moral duty but helped embolden Adolf Hitler as he set about murdering millions of Jewish people, Mr. Trudeau said. 
  
 “[Hitler] watched ... as we refused their visas, ignored their letters and denied them entry,” the Prime Minister told the House of Commons. 
  
 Story continues below advertisement 
  
 “There is little doubt that our silence permitted the Nazis to come up with their own final solution," he said of the indifference and apathy shown by many countries toward the Jewish people at the time. 
  
 In May, 1939, the St. Louis left Germany with passengers, including more than 900 Jewish German citizens seeking sanctuary. These refugees were barred from disembarking at the ship’s first destination in Cuba and then denied entry into the United States and finally Canada because of the government’s discriminatory “none is too many” immigration policy toward Jewish people, the Prime Minister’s Office said in a summary of the events. The U.S. State Department made its own apology in 2012. 
  
 The Jewish passengers returned to Europe where many were later condemned to concentration camps, with 254 killed during the Holocaust. 
  
 “To harbour such hatred and indifference towards the refugees was to share in the moral responsibility for their deaths,” Mr. Trudeau said. 
  
 “We apologize to the 907 German Jews aboard the MS St. Louis, as well as their families,” the Prime Minister told the Commons. 
  
 “We also apologize to others who paid the price of our inaction – whom we doomed to the ultimate horror of the death camps.” 
  
 Jan Blumenstein, a survivor of Nazi concentration camps including Auschwitz, had a grandmother on the St. Louis – Regina Blumenstein – who ultimately died in the Holocaust. He was present for the apology. 
  
 Story continues below advertisement 
  
 Story continues below advertisement 
  
 “Finally, somebody came to their senses and realized this is [still] going on all the time," he said of the speech, saying it was important in that it acknowledged anti-Semitism remains strong. 
  
 Canada’s refusal to accept the St. Louis passengers took place more than six months after the infamous Kristallnacht in November, 1938, when storm troopers and members of the Hitler Youth burned hundreds of synagogues, smashed thousands of shop windows and killed dozens of Jews. About 30,000 people were sent to concentration camps, the first large cohort of the millions who would be murdered. 
  
 Mr. Trudeau warned of an “alarming rate” of discrimination and violence against Jewish people today. 
  
 “According to the most recent figures, 17 per cent of all hate crimes in Canada target Jewish people – far higher per capita than any other group,” the Prime Minister said. 
  
 “Holocaust deniers still exist. Anti-Semitism is still far too present. Jewish institutions and neighbourhoods are still being vandalized with swastikas,” he said. 
  
 He cited the recent killing of 11 people and wounding of six others at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh. 
  
 Story continues below advertisement 
  
 “We must guard our communities and institutions against the kinds of evils that took hold in the hearts of so many, more than 70 years ago, for they did not end with the war," Mr. Trudeau said. 
  
 The Prime Minister also raised intimidation of Jewish students on some Canadian college and university campuses by the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions [BDS] campaign against Israel that he said makes them feel “unwelcomed and uncomfortable.” 
  
 The Prime Minister said the “long overdue” apology to the passengers of the St. Louis cannot erase the pain suffered by these refugees or those murdered in the Holocaust or their descendants. He said, however, he hopes it helps those hearing the apology to heal. 
  
 “More than 70 years ago, Canada turned its back on you,” he said to Jewish people. 
  
 “But today, Canadians pledge, now and forever: never again." 
  
 Andrew Scheer, the Conservative Leader of the Official Opposition, echoed this apology and warned of “a disturbing resurgence and even normalization of anti-Semitic rhetoric." This hatred “was not eradicated with the defeat of the Nazis. It is, unfortunately and sadly, very much alive today," he said. 
  
 Story continues below advertisement 
  
 Nimrod Barkan, Israel’s Ambassador to Canada, was on hand for Mr. Trudeau’s address and said he was grateful to the Prime Minister. “We are all encouraged not only by the apology but more so by the comments about the need to fight anti-Semitism today, to fight BDS and to make sure there is no hate for Jews allowed anywhere around the world, and certainly not in Canada.” 
  
 With a report from Richard Blackwell ||||| Mr. Trudeau’s apology came less than two weeks after a gunman opened fire in a Pittsburgh synagogue, killing 11 worshipers, and at a time when anti-Semitism is rising across North America. It was not lost on many that it was delivered the day after an American election campaign marked by refugee-bashing. 
  
 “The rhetoric we are hearing across the border is very similar to the rhetoric we heard in the 1930s — the vilification of the other, the vilification of the press. It’s really scary,” said Danny Gruner, who attended Wednesday’s apology with his mother, Ana Maria Gordon, the sole survivor of the St. Louis living in Canada today. 
  
 Ms. Gordon, who met with Mr. Trudeau privately, was surrounded by many of her great-grandchildren and grandchildren. 
  
 Last week, Mr. Trudeau apologized to a British Columbia First Nation for the government’s treachery in inviting six Tsilhqot’in chiefs to peace talks 150 years ago. Instead of talking, the government arrested them, put them on trial and hanged them. 
  
 He has also apologized to Omar Khadr, the only Canadian who was held at the United States military base at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. He emotionally apologized to gay members of the army, the police and in public service who were persecuted — some even imprisoned — because of their sexual orientation. 
  
 And he tearfully said sorry to indigenous people in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, where for much of the 20th century indigenous children were torn from their families and compelled to attend boarding schools, where many were abused. 
  
 “You will not remove the guilt from the perpetrators of the horror,” Mr. Gruner said. “But at least you can come to terms with what the country was at the time, and try to understand where we are at this particular time and where we want to be.” ||||| The Nazi regime of Adolf Hitler tested the limits of Canada's humanity in the lead up to the Second World War and Canada's government failed that test "miserably," Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said today. 
  
 The prime minister made the remarks as part of the apology delivered in the House of Commons for the 1939 decision by the Canadian government to turn away a boatload of German Jews seeking refuge from the Nazis. 
  
 "In the years leading up to the war, Hitler tested the world's resolve. He noted carefully as country after country proved itself indifferent to the plight of Jewish refugees," Trudeau said. 
  
 Your country failed you. And for that, we are sorry. - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau 
  
 "He watched on as we refused their visas, ignored their letters and denied them entry. With every decree, he challenged the political courage of our leaders and the empathy of those who elected them. 
  
 "With every pogrom, he tested the bounds of our humanity and the limits of our solidarity ... Adolf Hitler's test was one the Canadian government failed miserably." 
  
 In 1939, the MS St. Louis left Germany carrying 907 Jewish passengers fleeing persecution by the Nazi regime. The ship was turned away from Cuba and the United States before a group of Canadians tried to convince Prime Minister King's government to let it dock in Halifax. 
  
 The Canadian government heeded the anti-Semitic sentiment abroad at the time by severely restricting Jewish immigration. From 1933 to 1945, only about 5,000 Jewish refugees were accepted because of Canada's discriminatory 'none is too many' immigration policy. 
  
 When Ottawa refused to let the MS St. Louis passengers disembark, the ship returned to Europe. 
  
 About half the passengers were taken in by the U.K., the Netherlands, France and Belgium. About 500 of them ended up back in Germany, where 254 were killed in concentration and internment camps. 
  
 'Their cries for help were left unanswered' 
  
 "The story of the St. Louis and its passengers is no isolated incident," Trudeau added. 
  
 "The Government of Canada was indifferent to the suffering of Jews long before the St. Louis ever set sail for Halifax, and sadly, long after it had returned to Europe." 
  
 The prime minister went on to say the passengers of the MS St. Louis would have made Canada stronger but "their cries for help were left unanswered, for Canada deemed them unworthy of a home, and undeserving of our help." 
  
 Trudeau said that Hitler, alone, did not seal the fate of the passengers of the MS St. Louis or the Jewish populations of Europe because for Canada "To harbour such hatred and indifference towards the refugees was to share in the moral responsibility for their deaths." 
  
 The prime minister said that while decades have passed since the decision to turn away the MS St. Louis, the guilt or shame of rejecting the asylum seekers on that ship remains. 
  
 'Aliens in their own land' 
  
 "Today, I rise in this House of Commons to issue a long overdue apology to the Jewish refugees Canada turned away," Trudeau said. 
  
 "We apologize to the 907 German Jews aboard the MS. St-Louis, as well as their families. We also apologize to others who paid the price of our inaction, whom we doomed to the ultimate horror of the death camps. 
  
 "We used our laws to mask our anti-Semitism, our antipathy, our resentment. We are sorry for the callousness of Canada's response. And we are sorry for not apologizing sooner." 
  
 Trudeau also apologized for letting anti-Semitism take root in Canada and for the way Canadians Jews were "meant to feel like strangers in their own homes, aliens in their own land. 
  
 "Your country failed you. And for that, we are sorry." 
  
 A persistent problem 
  
 Trudeau went on to note that anti-Semitism continues to be a problem today in Canada. He said 17 per cent of all hate crimes target Canadian Jews — meaning the Jewish community experiences a far higher per-capita rate of hate crimes than any other group in Canada. 
  
 "Discrimination and violence against Jewish people in Canada and around the world continues at an alarming rate," he said. 
  
 "Less than two weeks ago, not too far from here, a gunman opened fire on worshippers at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, killing eleven people and wounding six others." 
  
 Jewish passengers of the MS St. Louis, a refugee ship turned away from Canada in 1939, returned to Europe to face Nazi persecution and the Holocaust. (cbc) 
  
 The prime minister said that anti-Semitism and other forms of xenophobia have no place in Canada or the world, and that education is the the "most powerful tool against the ignorance and cruelty that fuelled the Holocaust." 
  
 Trudeau said that in the wake of the Pittsburgh attack, Canadian Jews are understandably feeling vulnerable. He pledged to do more to protect Jewish places of worship. 
  
 While the apology will not ease the pain for those who lost family members on the MS St. Louis, Trudeau said he hopes it will bring them some sense of peace. 
  
 "More than 70 years ago, Canada turned its back on you," he said. "But today, Canadians pledge, now and forever — never again." 
  
 Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer taking part in the Canadian government's official apology for the 1939 decision to turn away the MS St. Louis and its 907 German Jewish passengers fleeing the Nazi Regime. 10:43 
  
 "It is a sign of a healthy society to be able to look at history clearly and see both the light and the dark, to celebrate our achievements but to also mourn our failings," Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer said. 
  
 "There is no shame as a country in acknowledging shameful acts in our past. The real shame would be in forgetting them." 
  
 Occasions like these help Canada strike a path for the future, the Conservative leader said, adding that Canadians should continue to stand up to acts of dehumanization that lead to atrocities. 
  
 "Canada should have offered sanctuary of the passengers of the MS St. Louis. For our failure to do so then we stand with the government today in its apology," Scheer said. "Never again, must 'none be too many.'" 
  
 The NDP's Guy Caron taking part in the Canadian government's official apology for the 1939 decision to turn away the MS St. Louis and its 907 German Jewish passengers fleeing the Nazi Regime. 9:36 
  
 "Two hundred and fifty four people who had boarded the MS St. Louis in the hopes of fleeing death ... could have been saved had Canada said, `Yes," `said NDP leader in the House of Commons Guy Caron. "Canada abandoned people who then became victims to Hitler and his hate. 
  
 "The passengers of the MS St. Louis were fleeing anti-Semitism, unaware that anti-Semitism had crossed the ocean before them. 
  
 "Intolerance has no place here, yesterday, today and tomorrow." 
  
 The Bloc Quebecois' Mario Beaulieu also stood in the House to deliver comments in French before Green Party Leader Elizabeth May closed out the apology with her own statement. 
  
 May said all Canadians bear the "stain of this crime." She noted that we would not understand it as well as we do without the work of historians Irving Abella and Harold Troper, who wrote the book None is Too Many about Canada's anti-Semitic policies during the Second World War and the plight of the MS St. Louis. |||||Summary: