(CNN) Italian authorities have launched an investigation into the cause of death of 26 teenage girls whose bodies were recovered in the Mediterranean Sea on Sunday. 
  
 The girls, aged 14-18, are believed to have been migrants from Niger and Nigeria who had embarked on the treacherous route to Europe from Libya over the weekend. 
  
 Lorena Ciccotti, Salerno's head of police, told CNN that autopsies would be carried out on Tuesday and that coroners would be investigating whether the girls had been tortured or sexually abused. 
  
 Migrants disembark in the harbor of Salerno, Italy on Sunday. 
  
 Their bodies were found close to a flimsy rubber dinghy that had all but sunk when rescuers arrived, Ciccotti said. Aid workers had described a grim scene: survivors hanging onto the remains of the vessel as the girls' bodies floated nearby. 
  
 Their rescue was one of four separate rescue operations carried out in the Mediterranean over the weekend. In total, 400 people were brought aboard the Spanish vessel Cantabria before disembarking at the Italian port town of Salerno. 
  
 Read More ||||| Image copyright EPA Image caption Italy wants to determine how the 26 young Nigerian women died 
  
 Italian prosecutors are investigating the deaths of 26 Nigerian women - most of them teenagers - whose bodies were recovered at sea. 
  
 There are suspicions that they may have been sexually abused and murdered as they attempted to cross the Mediterranean. 
  
 Five migrants are being questioned in the southern port of Salerno. 
  
 A Spanish warship, Cantabria, docked there carrying 375 migrants and the dead women, following several rescues. 
  
 Twenty-three of the dead women had been on a rubber boat with 64 other people. 
  
 Italian media report that the women's bodies are being kept in a refrigerated section of the warship. Most of them were aged 14-18. 
  
 Most of the 375 survivors brought to Salerno were sub-Saharan Africans, from Nigeria, Senegal, Ghana, The Gambia and Sudan, the daily La Repubblica reports. 
  
 Among them were 90 women - eight of them pregnant - and 52 children. 
  
 There were also some Libyan men and women on board. 
  
 People-smuggling gangs charge each migrant about $6,000 (£4,578) to get to Italy, $4,000 of which is for the trans-Saharan journey to Libya, according to the Italian aid group L'Abbraccio. 
  
 Many migrants have reported violence, including torture and sexual abuse, by the gangs. 
  
 Read more on migrant crisis: 
  
 In the year to 1 November, 150,982 migrants arrived in southern Europe by boat from North Africa, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) reports. 
  
 Of them, 111,552 (nearly 75%) came via the Central Mediterranean route to Italy. The number who died on that route was 2,639, the IOM says. 
  
 The others arrived in Greece, Cyprus or Spain. The total is less than half the 335,158 who arrived in the same period of 2016. 
  
 Last year the total for Greece was higher than that for Italy. 
  
 A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants. ||||| Italy Probes Deaths Of 26 Nigerian Women And Girls At Sea 
  
 Enlarge this image toggle caption Paolo Manzo/NurPhoto/Getty Images Paolo Manzo/NurPhoto/Getty Images 
  
 Updated at 10:30 a.m. ET Tuesday 
  
 The bodies of 26 Nigerian girls and women were recovered from the Mediterranean Sea, and Italian prosecutors are probing whether their deaths are linked to sex trafficking. 
  
 "Salvatore Malfi, the police prefect of the southern town of Salerno, said the 26 [victims] may have been thrown off their rubber dinghy into the waters of the Mediterranean," NPR's Sylvia Poggioli reports from Rome. "The cause of death appears to be by drowning." 
  
 Cantabria, a Spanish warship, brought their bodies to Salerno, Sylvia adds. That ship had carried out other Mediterranean rescues and had 374 rescued migrants on board. 
  
 According to the BBC, Italian authorities are questioning five migrants. The broadcaster adds that "twenty-three of the dead women had been on a rubber boat with 64 other people." 
  
 Agence France Press reports that a spokesman for the EU anti-trafficking force Sofia said "another three bodies had been discovered during other life-saving operations in the Mediterranean this week." 
  
 Italian media outlets are reporting that the deceased females were mostly between 14 and 18, Sylvia adds. "Police Prefect Malfi called this a human tragedy and said his office has appealed to neighboring towns to provide dignified burial for the Nigerian women." 
  
 The bodies were lowered in black bags from the ship and placed into coffins, the AFP reports. 
  
 It wasn't immediately clear why all the victims are women. The AFP quotes Malfi as saying that sex traffickers typically use different routes. "Loading women onto a boat is too risky, the traffickers would not do it as they could lose all their 'goods' — as they describe them — in one fell swoop," he said, the news agency reported. 
  
 Italian newspaper Corriere Della Sera recently reported on an uptick in young Nigerian women and girls trafficked into Italy and forced into prostitution. 
  
 From January to November of this year, some 111,552 migrants have arrived in Italy by sea, according to the International Organization for Migration, and 2,639 migrants have died along that route. 
  
 That's a smaller number than the same area saw in the same period last year, where 159,467 migrants arrived in Italy and 3,615 people died on the route, according to the IOM. A total number of 2,839 have died so far this year along all primary Mediterranean routes. 
  
 The Italian aid group L'Abbraccio says that "people-smuggling gangs charge each migrant about $6,000 ... to get to Italy, $4,000 of which is for the trans-Saharan journey to Libya," according to the BBC. ||||| The central Mediterranean route from the coast of Libya to Italy is currently the favoured route of undocumented migrants, most of whom are Nigerian (AFP Photo/STRINGER) 
  
 Rome (AFP) - The bodies of 26 women who drowned attempting the perilous crossing from Libya to Europe were brought to Italy on Sunday, where investigators launched a murder inquiry. 
  
 A seemingly endless line of black plastic body bags were lowered by crane from a Spanish ship onto the portside in Salerno, southern Italy, where they were placed in coffins and loaded onto waiting hearses. 
  
 Twenty-three of the women died on Friday after the inflatable dinghy they were travelling on sank, and their bodies were recovered by the Spanish ship Cantabria, which was operating as part of the EU anti-trafficking force Sophia. 
  
 A Sophia spokesman told AFP another three bodies had been discovered during other life-saving operations in the Mediterranean this week, and transferred to the Cantabria as it headed towards Italy with its grim cargo. 
  
 There was no immediate explanation as to why all the dead were women, though the crossing is riskier for them. 
  
 For every five men who drown in the rubber boats trying to cross the Mediterranean, six women also die, according to migrant expert Sine Plambech, adjunct professor at Columbia University. 
  
 They can have poorer swimming skills compared to men and their attempts to save their children often lead to their drowning, as does the heavier clothing they wear, he said 
  
 - 'A tragedy' - 
  
 "It's a tragedy. The prosecutor's office will begin looking into it immediately," Salerno's prefect Salvatore Malfi said. 
  
 "We will need to see whether there are suspects to concentrate on or whether the murder inquiry will proceed against persons unknown," he said. 
  
 Investigators would be looking for signs of violence against the women, who are believed to have been Nigerian. 
  
 "They were on a dinghy that was also carrying men," Malfi told Italian media in response to fears the doomed vessel may have been a sex-trade boat carrying victims destined for prostitution. 
  
 "The sex trafficking routes are different. Loading women onto a boat is too risky, the traffickers would not do it as they could lose all their 'goods' -- as they describe them -- in one fell swoop," he said. 
  
 The Cantabria was also carrying 375 migrants rescued from the waves, including 116 women -- nine of whom were heavily pregnant. 
  
 According to Italy's interior ministry, more than 111,700 people have reached the country by sea in the first 10 months of 2017, 30 percent down on the previous year. 
  
 Despite the drop, traffickers are still sending migrant boats out into the Mediterranean: the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said Friday that more than 2,560 migrants had been saved over four days. 
  
 In all, 2,839 people have died while attempting the crossing so far this year, it said. ||||| Geneva – IOM, the UN Migration Agency, reports that 150,982 migrants and refugees entered Europe by sea in 2017 through 1 November, with about 75 per cent arriving in Italy and the remainder divided between Greece, Cyprus and Spain. This compares with 335,158 arrivals across the region through the same period last year. 
  
 2017 marks the fourth straight year migrant arrivals to Europe by sea reached the 150,000-person benchmark, but it is not the earliest time in the year that threshold was reached. In 2016 the Mediterranean region hit that benchmark in early March, and in July in 2015. 
  
 During the calendar year 2015, there were single months when as many as 150,000 migrants entered by sea, principally through Greece. 
  
 Nonetheless, this year may shape up as the first year since 2013 that Mediterranean sea crossings by migrants fell short of the 200,000 threshold. Just counting arrivals in Italy and Greece, totals were around 204,000 in 2014 and doubling to 355,000 in 2016 after cresting past one million (1,007,000) in 2015. (See chart below.) 
  
 IOM Rome reported Thursday (2 November) that 260 migrants were rescued on Tuesday, 31 October, in five different rescue operations, while another 975 were rescued the following day (1 November) in 12 separate rescue operations carried out by Italian and international ships. The remains of eight victims were recovered in waters north of the Libyan coast. 
  
 IOM Athens’ Kelly Namia reported Thursday (2 November) of at least two incidents this week off the islands of Lesvos requiring search and rescue operations. The Hellenic Coast Guard rescued 147 migrants and transferred them to the two islands. 
  
 Over 12,400 men, women and children have entered Greece by sea from waters of the Eastern Mediterranean since 1 August, or more migrants than entered during all of 2017’s first seven months. Namia further reported that nearly 800 migrants or refugees entered Greece by sea during the last week of October, bringing migrant sea arrivals to Greek territory to 23,826 for the year so far. (See chart below.) 
  
 IOM Cyprus’ Dimitrios Tsagalas reported that 34 migrants of Arab origin were picked up in the village of Pyla at Larnaca District this past weekend, in what appears to be growing use of a new pathway into Europe. Cyprus media reported these migrants departed Turkey’s Mersin port by boat Saturday (28 October), reaching Cyprus without detection and travelling by truck to Pyla, a village in the UN Buffer Zone, before crossing into the Republic. All migrants have since been transferred to Purnara’s Reception Centre. 
  
 According to Republic of Cyprus authorities, this is the seventh recorded incident of crossing via the UN Buffer Zone in 2017. Authorities have recorded 105 migrants using this route to enter the Republic this year. IOM Cyprus notes that the National Plan “NAFKRATIS” – which deals with the management and provision of help to persons in need – has been activated 15 times in 2017, and that a total of 850 migrants have arrived in Cyprus by boat, nearly three times 2016’s total of 345 migrants (through nine months). 
  
 IOM Libya’s Christine Petré reported Thursday that on 31 October, 299 migrants (231 men, 30 women and 29 children) were rescued from one rubber dinghy off the Libyan capital, Tripoli. IOM assisted at the disembarkation point. She reported one woman had to be transferred to a hospital for further medical assistance. The majority of the migrants came from Guinea Conakry, Mali, Cote d’Ivoire, Cameroon and Senegal. 
  
 So far in 2017, 19,134 migrants have been rescued or intercepted in Libyan waters, Petré reported. 
  
 Worldwide, IOM’s Missing Migrants Project (MMP) has recorded the deaths of 4,866 people migrating in 2017 – 16 persons per day – with just over eight weeks remaining in the year. 
  
 Deaths in the Mediterranean Sea continue to account for a majority of the world’s migrant fatalities – now up to 2,839 for the year, or nearly 60 per cent of the 2017 total. Last year at this time the region recorded deaths of 4,150 migrants (see chart below). 
  
 In the Central Mediterranean this past week, the remains of eight people were recovered Wednesday (1 November) during rescue operations off the coast of Libya. In the Western Mediterranean on Monday (30 October), two young men died after their boat capsized off the coast of Mostaganem in Algeria. The three migrants listed as missing from a shipwreck of 29 October off Tangiers are being counted now as fatalities. 
  
 Two accidents were recorded in Europe, near the Italian-Austrian border: one migrant lost his life on 30 October in a vehicle accident on the A23 motorway near Udine, in Italy; and another migrant was hit by a train in Bolzano, Italy, on 1 November. Additionally, IOM’s Missing Migrants Project recorded the first death this year off the coast of the Canary Islands: the remains of one man were recovered near Morro Jable in Fuerteventura on 31 October. 
  
 In Southeast Asia, six Rohingya died and one went missing after two boats carrying dozens of people fleeing violence in Myanmar capsized off the coast of Bangladesh over two days: on 31 October, four Rohingya (a woman and three children), drowned when a small wooden fishing boat capsized off Jaliapalong Union, Ukhiya sub-district. This tragedy came a day after (30 October) a boat carrying approximately 30 Rohingya capsized at Sabrang Union, Teknaf sub-district. Two people died and one remains missing. 
  
 Since 31 August, IOM’s Missing Migrants Project has recorded the deaths of 249 Rohingya on the Bangladesh-Myanmar border. 
  
 Missing Migrants Project data are compiled by IOM staff but come from a variety of sources, some of which are unofficial. To learn more about how data on missing migrants are collected, click here. 
  
 Latest Mediterranean Update infographic: http://migration.iom.int/docs/MMP/171103_Mediterranean_Update.pdf 
  
 For latest arrivals and fatalities in the Mediterranean, please visit: http://migration.iom.int/europe 
  
 Learn more about the Missing Migrants Project at: http://missingmigrants.iom.int 
  
 For more information, please contact: 
  
 Joel Millman at IOM HQ, Tel: +41 79 103 8720, Email: jmillman@iom.int 
  
 Mircea Mocanu, IOM Romania, Tel: +40212115657, Email: mmocanu@iom.int 
  
 Dimitrios Tsagalas, IOM Cyprus, Tel: + 22 77 22 70, E-mail: dtsagalas@iom.int 
  
 Flavio Di Giacomo, IOM Italy, Tel: +39 347 089 8996, Email: fdigiacomo@iom.int 
  
 Kelly Namia, IOM Greece, Tel: +30 210 991 2174, Email: knamia@iom.int 
  
 Julia Black, IOM GMDAC, Tel: +49 30 278 778 27, Email: jblack@iom.int 
  
 Abby Dwommoh, IOM Turkey, Tel: +90 312 454 3048, Email: MediaIOMTurkey@iom.int 
  
 Christine Petré, IOM Libya, Tel: +216 29 240 448, Email: chpetre@iom.int 
  
 Ana Dodevska, IOM Spain, Tel: +34 91 445 7116, Email: adodevska@iom.int 
  
 Myriam Chabbi, IOM Tunisia, Tel: +216 28 78 78 05, Mobile: +216 71 860 312 Ext. 109, Email: mchabbi@iom.int |||||

Write a summary.