Q:Information:  - Hawkgirl is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, and was one of the first female superheroes. The original Hawkgirl, Shiera Sanders Hall, was created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Dennis Neville, and first appeared in "Flash Comics" #1 (January 1940). Kendra Saunders was created by writer David S. Goyer, writer James Robinson, and artist Stephen Sadowski, and first appeared in "JSA Secret Files and Origins" #1 (August 1999).  - Chris Batista is an American comic book artist , known for his work on a number of titles for Marvel Comics and DC Comics , including Steel , Spaceknights and Thunderbolts .  - Deathstroke (Slade Joseph Wilson) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by Marv Wolfman and George Pérez. He is a mercenary and assassin who first appeared in "The New Teen Titans" (vol. 1) #2 (1980). "Wizard" magazine rated him the 24th greatest villain of all time. Also, in 2009, Deathstroke was ranked as IGN's 32nd greatest comic book villain of all time.  - Spaceknights is a name used by at least three distinct groups of fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The better-known group is a core concept of the 1980s comic book "Rom Spaceknight", while the other two are far more recent creations and not much is yet known about them.  - Marvel Entertainment, LLC (formerly Marvel Enterprises and Toy Biz, Inc. and marketed and stylized as MARVEL) is an American entertainment company founded in June 1998, merging Marvel Entertainment Group, Inc. and ToyBiz. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, and is mainly known for its Marvel Comics, Marvel Animation and Marvel Television units. Marvel Studios, formerly under the "Marvel" umbrella, became a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios, where it develops and produces a shared universe that shares continuity with shows produced by the television unit.  - Black Adam is a fictional DC Comics supervillain, occasional antihero, and the archenemy of the superhero formerly known as Captain Marvel, Shazam. Black Adam was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck in 1945 as a one-shot villain for the first issue of Fawcett Comics' "The Marvel Family" comic book; however, Black Adam was revived as a recurring character after DC Comics first licensed and then acquired the Fawcett characters and began publishing Captain Marvel/Marvel Family stories under the title "Shazam!" in the 1970s.  - Supergirl is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Supergirl was created to be a female counterpart to DC's popular hero Superman. The character was created by writer Otto Binder and designed by artist Al Plastino in 1959. She first appeared in the "Action Comics" comic book series and later branched out into animation, film, television, and merchandising. In May 2011, Supergirl placed 94th on IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Heroes of All Time.  - Marvel Comics is the common name and primary imprint of Marvel Worldwide Inc., formerly Marvel Publishing, Inc. and Marvel Comics Group, an American publisher of comic books and related media. In 2009, The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment, Marvel Worldwide's parent company.  - Time Warner, Inc. (also known as AOL Time Warner from 2001-2003; stylized as TimeWarner) is an American multinational media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It is currently the world's third largest entertainment company in terms of revenue, after Comcast and The Walt Disney Company. It was also once the world's largest media conglomerate. Time Warner was first founded in 1990 with the merger of Time Inc. and Warner Communications. The current company consists largely of the assets of the former Warner Communications (as well as HBO, a Time Inc. subsidiary prior to the merger), and the assets of Turner Broadcasting (which was acquired by the company in 1996). Time Warner currently has major operations in film and television, with a limited amount in publishing operations. Among its most popular assets are HBO, Turner Broadcasting System, The CW Television Network, Warner Bros., CNN, DC Comics, and as of August 2016, Hulu, owning 10%. In the past, other major divisions of Time Warner included Time Inc., AOL, Time Warner Cable, Warner Books and Warner Music Group. All of these operations were either sold to other investors or spun off as independent companies from 2004 to 2014.  - The Martian Manhunter (J'onn J'onzz) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by writer Joseph Samachson and designed by artist Joe Certa, the character first appeared in "Detective Comics" #225 "The Manhunter From Mars" in November 1955. He is one of the seven original members of the Justice League of America.  - Comic Book Artist was an American magazine founded by Jon B. Cooke devoted to anecdotal histories of American comic books, with emphasis on comics published since the 1960s. It was published by TwoMorrows Publishing and later Top Shelf Productions from 19982005. Its sequel is "Comic Book Creator" magazine which started publishing in 2013 and is also published by TwoMorrows.  - An American comic book is a thin (typically 32-page) periodical containing primarily comics content.  - Watchmen is an American comic-book limited series published by DC Comics in 1986 and 1987, and collected in 1987. The series was created by a British collaboration consisting of writer Alan Moore, artist Dave Gibbons, and colorist John Higgins. "Watchmen" originated from a story proposal Moore submitted to DC featuring superhero characters that the company had acquired from Charlton Comics. As Moore's proposed story would have left many of the characters unusable for future stories, managing editor Dick Giordano convinced Moore to create original characters instead.  - Hawkman is a fictional superhero who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Dennis Neville, the original Hawkman first appeared in "Flash Comics" #1, published by All-American Publications in 1940.  - The Suicide Squad, also known as Task Force X (the name of a closely related but independent supervisory organization), is a name of two fictional organizations appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. One of the first versions debuted in "The Brave and the Bold" #25 (September 1959), and the second version, created by John Ostrander, debuted in "Legends" #3 (January 1987).  - Superman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, high school students living in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1933. They sold Superman to Detective Comics, the future DC Comics, in 1938. Superman debuted in "Action Comics" #1 (cover-dated June 1938) and subsequently appeared in various radio serials, newspaper strips, television programs, films, and video games. With this success, Superman helped to create the superhero archetype and establish its primacy within the American comic book. The character is also referred to by such epithets as the Man of Steel, the Man of Tomorrow, and The Last Son of Krypton.  - The Justice League, also known as the Justice League of America (JLA), is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The Justice League was conceived by writer Gardner Fox, and first appeared in "The Brave and the Bold" #28 (March 1960).  - Zatanna Zatara is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published DC Comics. The character was created by Gardner Fox and Murphy Anderson, and first appeared in "Hawkman" #4 (November 1964).  - TwoMorrows Publishing is a publisher of magazines about comic books, founded in 1994 by John and Pam Morrow out of their small advertising agency in Raleigh, North Carolina. Its products also include books and DVDs.  - Batman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by artist Bob Kane and writer Bill Finger, and first appeared in "Detective Comics" #27 (1939). Originally named the "Bat-Man", the character is also referred to by such epithets as the Caped Crusader, the Dark Knight, and the World's Greatest Detective.  - The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. It is the world's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue, after Comcast. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and theme parks. The company also operated under the names The Walt Disney Studio, then Walt Disney Productions. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media.  - A comic book or comicbook, also called comic magazine or simply comic, is a publication that consists of comic art in the form of sequential juxtaposed panels that represent individual scenes. Panels are often accompanied by brief descriptive prose and written narrative, usually dialog contained in word balloons emblematic of the comics art form. Although some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s. The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics. The term "comic book" derives from American comic books once being a compilation of comic strips of a humorous tone; however, this practice was replaced by featuring stories of all genres, usually not humorous in tone.  - Catwoman (Selina Kyle) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in association with the superhero Batman. The character was created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger, and she made her debut in "Batman" #1 (Spring 1940), in which she is known as "the Cat". Catwoman has traditionally been portrayed as a supervillain and adversary of Batman, but since the 1990s, she has been featured in an eponymous series that depicts her as an antiheroine rather than a traditional villain. Catwoman is known for having a complex love-hate relationship with Batman and has been Batman's most enduring love interest.  - Aquaman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Paul Norris and Mort Weisinger, the character debuted in "More Fun Comics" #73 (November 1941). Initially a backup feature in DC's anthology titles, Aquaman later starred in several volumes of a solo title. During the late 1950s and 1960s superhero-revival period known as the Silver Age, he was a founding member of the Justice League of America. In the 1990s Modern Age, Aquaman's character became more serious than in most previous interpretations, with storylines depicting the weight of his role as king of Atlantis.  - Green Arrow is a fictional superhero who appears in comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Mortimer Weisinger and designed by George Papp, he first appeared in "More Fun Comics" #73 in November 1941. His real name is Oliver "Ollie" Queen, a billionaire businessman and owner of Queen Industries, also a well-known celebrity in his locale of Star City. Sometimes shown dressed like Robin Hood, Green Arrow is an archer who uses his skills to fight crime in his home cities of Star City and Seattle, as well as alongside his fellow superheroes as a member of the Justice League. Though much less frequently used in modern stories, he also deploys a range of trick arrows with various special functions, such as glue, explosive-tipped, grappling hook, flash grenade, tear gas and even kryptonite arrows for use in a range of special situations. At the time of his debut, Green Arrow functioned in many ways as an archery-themed analogue of the very popular Batman character, but writers at DC subsequently developed him into a voice of progressivism very much distinct in character from Batman.  - DC Comics, Inc. is an American comic book publisher. It is the publishing unit of DC Entertainment, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Entertainment, Inc. , a division of Time Warner. DC Comics is one of the largest, oldest, and most successful companies operating in American comic books, and produces material featuring numerous well-known heroic characters, including Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Supergirl, The Flash, Aquaman, Cyborg, Shazam, Martian Manhunter, Zatanna, Static Shock, Hawkman, Hawkgirl and Green Arrow. The fictional DC universe also features teams such as the Justice League, the Justice Society of America, the Suicide Squad, and the Teen Titans, and well-known villains such as Joker, Lex Luthor, Darkseid, Catwoman, Ra's al Ghul, Deathstroke, Professor Zoom, Sinestro, Black Adam and Brainiac. The company has also published non-DC Universe-related material, including "Watchmen", "V for Vendetta" and many titles under their alternative imprint Vertigo.  - Top Shelf Productions is an American publishing company founded in 1997, originally owned and operated by Chris Staros and Brett Warnock and a small staff. Now an imprint of IDW Publishing, Top Shelf is based in Marietta, Georgia.  - Ra's al Ghul ("Ras al-l"; "Ghoul's Head" or "Demon's Head"; pronounced or ) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero Batman. Created by editor Julius Schwartz, writer Dennis O'Neil and artist Neal Adams, the character first appeared in "Batman" #232's "Daughter of the Demon" (June 1971). The character is one of Batman's most enduring enemies and belongs to the collective of adversaries that make up Batman's rogues gallery. Given Ra's al Ghul's high status as a supervillain, he also comes into conflict with other superheroes in the DC Universe.  - Darkseid (pronounced "Darkside") is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by writer-artist Jack Kirby, the character made a cameo appearance in "Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen" #134 (December 1970) before making his full first appearance in "Forever People" #1 (February 1971).  - The Justice Society of America (JSA) is a superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The Justice Society of America was conceived by editor Sheldon Mayer and writer Gardner Fox. The JSA first appeared in "All Star Comics" #3 (Winter 19401941), making it the first team of superheroes in comic books.  - Alexander Joseph "Lex" Luthor is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, Lex Luthor first appeared in "Action Comics" #23 (April 1940) and has since endured as the archenemy of Superman.  - Static Shock is an American animated television series based on the Milestone Media/DC Comics superhero Static. It premiered on September 23, 2000, on The WB Television Network's Kids' WB! block programming. "Static Shock" ran for four seasons, with 52 half-hour episodes in total. The show revolves around Virgil Hawkins, an African-American boy who uses the secret identity of Static after exposure to a mutagen gas during a gang fight gave him electromagnetic powers. Part of the DC animated universe, the series was produced by Warner Bros. Animation from a crew composed mostly of people from the company's past shows but also with the involvement of two of the comic's creators, Dwayne McDuffie and Denys Cowan.    What is the relationship between 'chris batista' and '2000'?
A: