The Great Crow Battle of Portage Bay, which pits one family feeding birds against neighbors, has resulted in a $200,000 civil suit. 
  
 The great neighborhood crow war at Portage Bay has not ended, and not surprisingly, it’s lawsuit time. Say, $200,000? 
  
 Lisa and Gary Mann, and their young daughter, for a couple of years have been feeding the birds at their home in the 1000 block of East Shelby Street. 
  
 Says the lawsuit, “As many as six times per day Defendants refilled and continue to refill the emptied troughs of food with peanuts and other bird foods for the seagulls, crows, and pigeons to feast upon.” 
  
 Neighbors said that anywhere from 30 to 100 crows would hover during the feedings. You bet that they brought up the swarming, attacking avian images from Hitchcock’s 1963 horror film, “The Birds.” 
  
 The civil lawsuit, filed Monday in King County Superior Court, was brought by Christine Yokan, a pension-fund investment manager who lives on one side of the Manns, and Matt Ashbach, an ear, nose and throat doctor, who lives on the other side of the Manns. Gary Mann is a surgical oncologist. 
  
 The $200,000 sought in the lawsuit includes claims of property damage exceeding $75,000 for cleaning, painting and replacing permanently damaged property on houses, decks, yard lights, walkways, sheds. 
  
 Crow facts There are 40 species of crows, and they live everywhere except Antarctica. 
  
 They have numerous calls. A distress call brings other crows to their defense. 
  
 Crows will eat practically anything — roadkill, fast food, mice. An adult crow needs nearly ¾ of a pound of food daily. 
  
 The origin of “eating crow” has been lost. In one version, during the War of 1812, a British officer made an American soldier eat part of a crow he had shot in British territory. 
  
 It also includes a non-specified amount for loss “of enjoyment of property, inconvenience, and emotional distress.” And attorney’s fees. 
  
 Back in April, the neighbors had high hopes quiet would be restored. 
  
 In an email, Lisa Mann wrote that “we are moving to Houston this summer as my husband accepted a faculty surgical position … ” 
  
 But an online search doesn’t show the Mann residence up for sale, nor having been sold. Lisa Mann did not return voice-mail and email messages for comment. 
  
 Janice Palm, a psychotherapist who lives across the alley from the Manns, says she gave up putting flowers in her planters because the crows pulled them. She’s not part of the lawsuit. 
  
 She says about the Manns moving, “Only in our dreams.” 
  
 Meanwhile, the lawsuit says, “Large numbers of birds swarm the feeding operations daily, leaving behind dirt, feathers, peanut particles and shells, feces, and urine on the surrounding properties … Neighbors with family members who have severe peanut allergies have pled with Defendants … ” 
  
 That lawsuit describes a litany of illnesses carried by rodents, crows and pigeons. 
  
 And more, “ … there are also frequent periods of excessive noise from dozens of birds squawking from dawn until dusk. 
  
 “While some periods of time are quiet, there are periods of time — which sometimes exceed two hours in duration and occur multiple times per day — in which the cawing of crows and the noises from other birds continues unabated and can be heard at a high volume even when one is inside the home.” 
  
 And more, “Plaintiffs had never before observed a single rat on their properties. After defendants began feeding the wildlife, Plaintiffs observed a noticeable rat population … ” 
  
 It has been Lisa Mann who has had the most dealings with the neighbors. She also was the one quoted in a BBC News story (then reprinted in Crosscut, an online Seattle publication) that described in glowing terms the feeding of the crows. 
  
 It was titled, “The girl who gets gifts from birds.” 
  
 It told how the Manns’ 8-year-old daughter originally began sharing her school lunch with crows, and how that led to the birds leaving her gifts such as an earring or polished rock. 
  
 Katy Sewall, author of the BBC piece, never mentioned the neighborhood hassles over the crows in the story, which went worldwide. “The neighborhood tensions were never my focus,” she wrote in an email. 
  
 But the tensions certainly escalated. 
  
 At one point, Lisa Mann called the cops after an argument with a neighbor up the hill. The previous night, Mann told the cops, she had heard what sounded like rifle shots. 
  
 The neighbors, meanwhile, contacted the City Council and Public Health — Seattle & King County with a petition signed by 51 of them, asking for help. 
  
 Public Health did issue a notice of violation to the Manns for bird food accessible to rats. The Manns took the necessary measures, such as raising the feeder above ground and on smooth poles. 
  
 The confrontations continued. 
  
 In one email, Lisa Mann said that Matt Ashbach, her neighbor to the east who now is suing, took a dead crow “and illegally hung it in effigy off of his third-floor balcony of his million-dollar mansion.” 
  
 Ashbach says he did find a dead crow and hung it from his balcony, a method he learned growing up on a farm to warn off other crows. (Not illegal, according to Seattle Animal Shelter.) 
  
 Anna Johnsen, who represents Ashbach and Yokan, says a trial date has been set for a year from now — Aug. 6, 2016. A long time in crowing time. 
  
 “My clients hope the feeding will stop before then,” she says. 
  
 Meanwhile, Johnsen is asking the Manns to not feed the birds more than a quarter-pound of food a day. 
  
 “My clients don’t want to limit anyone’s freedom,” she says. “We think that’s very reasonable.” 
  
 Of course, that all depends on what your definition of reasonable is. ||||| By David Ham and KIRO 7 STAFF 
  
 Earlier this year a story about an 8-year-old Seattle girl’s relationship with crows went viral. 
  
  
  
 Gabi Mann started feeding crows daily two years ago and the birds would leave her trinkets. 
  
  
  
 However, her Portage Bay neighbors said the murder of crows would caw and leave droppings throughout the neighborhood. 
  
  
  
 “The neighbors went to her and said please this is causing a problem,” said neighbor Janice Palm. 
  
  
  
 >> KIRO 7 reported that the neighbors signed a petition to get Gabi’s family to stop feeding the crows. 
  
  
  
 “People are having rat problems in their houses with the waste from the crows and the peanut shells are all over the place,” said Palm 
  
  
  
 On Monday, two of those neighbors filed a lawsuit against Gabi’s parents Lisa and Gary Mann. 
  
  
  
 “The case is against two adults. The scope and scale of the feeding is not the work of a minor child. The mother, Lisa Mann, is responsible for the vast majority of the bird feeding. Gary and Lisa Mann have also constructed extraordinarily large feeding stations and hired employees to help carry out the feedings. The feeding and related activities have run nearly every day, year-round, from the morning hours to as late as midnight,” said Anna Johnsen, attorney for the two homeowners that filed the lawsuit. 
  
  
  
 In the lawsuit, other neighbors tried to talk with and write letters to Lisa and Gary Mann requesting “they stop or seriously downsize their mass wildlife feeding operation.” However the situation escalated. 
  
  
  
 “I can't imagine living in a neighborhood and ignoring what my neighbors are asking me to do, what's very very reasonable that's affecting us so much,” said Palm who is also considering joining the lawsuit. 
  
 Neighbors contacted city and state officials, stated in the lawsuit. But no significant action was done. 
  
  
  
 According to the lawsuit, neighbors say they're owed $200,000 for damage caused by the birds 
  
  
  
 The Manns have not responded to the lawsuit and a trial date has not been set. 
  
 Want to talk about the news of the day? Watch free streaming video on the KIRO 7 mobile app and iPad app, and join us here on Facebook. 
  
  ||||| Image copyright Lisa Mann 
  
 Lots of people love the birds in their garden, but it's rare for that affection to be reciprocated. One young girl in Seattle is luckier than most. She feeds the crows in her garden - and they bring her gifts in return. 
  
 Eight-year-old Gabi Mann sets a bead storage container on the dining room table, and clicks the lid open. This is her most precious collection. 
  
 "You may take a few close looks," she says, "but don't touch." It's a warning she's most likely practised on her younger brother. She laughs after saying it though. She is happy for the audience. 
  
 Inside the box are rows of small objects in clear plastic bags. One label reads: "Black table by feeder. 2:30 p.m. 09 Nov 2014." Inside is a broken light bulb. Another bag contains small pieces of brown glass worn smooth by the sea. "Beer coloured glass," as Gabi describes it. 
  
 Each item is individually wrapped and categorised. Gabi pulls a black zip out of a labelled bag and holds it up. "We keep it in as good condition as we can," she says, before explaining this object is one of her favourites. 
  
 There's a miniature silver ball, a black button, a blue paper clip, a yellow bead, a faded black piece of foam, a blue Lego piece, and the list goes on. Many of them are scuffed and dirty. It is an odd assortment of objects for a little girl to treasure, but to Gabi these things are more valuable than gold. 
  
 Image copyright Katy Sewall 
  
 Image copyright Katy Sewall 
  
 She didn't gather this collection. Each item was a gift - given to her by crows. 
  
 She holds up a pearl coloured heart. It is her most-prized present. "It's showing me how much they love me." 
  
 If you want to form a bond with a crow, be consistent in rewarding them John Marzluff, Prof of wildlife science 
  
 Gabi's relationship with the neighbourhood crows began accidentally in 2011. She was four years old, and prone to dropping food. She'd get out of the car, and a chicken nugget would tumble off her lap. A crow would rush in to recover it. Soon, the crows were watching for her, hoping for another bite. 
  
 As she got older, she rewarded their attention, by sharing her packed lunch on the way to the bus stop. Her brother joined in. Soon, crows were lining up in the afternoon to greet Gabi's bus, hoping for another feeding session. 
  
 Gabi's mother Lisa didn't mind that crows consumed most of the school lunches she packed. "I like that they love the animals and are willing to share," she says, while admitting she never noticed crows until her daughter took an interest in them. "It was a kind of transformation. I never thought about birds." 
  
 In 2013, Gabi and Lisa started offering food as a daily ritual, rather than dropping scraps from time to time. 
  
 Each morning, they fill the backyard birdbath with fresh water and cover bird-feeder platforms with peanuts. Gabi throws handfuls of dog food into the grass. As they work, crows assemble on the telephone lines, calling loudly to them. 
  
 Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Gabi feeding birds in her garden 
  
 It was after they adopted this routine that the gifts started appearing. 
  
 The crows would clear the feeder of peanuts, and leave shiny trinkets on the empty tray; an earring, a hinge, a polished rock. There wasn't a pattern. Gifts showed up sporadically - anything shiny and small enough to fit in a crow's mouth. 
  
 One time it was a tiny piece of metal with the word "best" printed on it. "I don't know if they still have the part that says 'friend'," Gabi laughs, amused by the thought of a crow wearing a matching necklace. 
  
 When you see Gabi's collection, it's hard not to wish for gift-giving crows of your own. 
  
 "If you want to form a bond with a crow, be consistent in rewarding them," advises John Marzluff, professor of wildlife science at the University of Washington. He specialises in birds, particularly crows and ravens. 
  
 Image copyright Lisa Mann 
  
 What food is best? "A few peanuts in the shell," he says. "It's a high-energy food… and it makes noise when you throw it on the ground, so they hear it and they quickly habituate to your routine." 
  
 Marzluff, and his colleague Mark Miller, did a study of crows and the people who feed them. They found that crows and people form a very personal relationship. "There's definitely a two-way communication going on there," Marzluff says. "They understand each other's signals." 
  
 The birds communicate by how they fly, how close they walk, and where they sit. The human learns their language and the crows learn their feeder's patterns and posture. They start to know and trust each other. Sometimes a crow leaves a gift. 
  
 But crow gifts are not guaranteed. "I can't say they always will (give presents)," Marzluff admits, having never received any gifts personally, "but I have seen an awful lot of things crows have brought people." 
  
 Not all crows deliver shiny objects either. Sometimes they give the kind of presents "they would give to their mate", says Marzluff. "Courtship feeding, for example. So some people, their presents are dead baby birds that the crow brings in." 
  
 Image copyright Lisa Mann 
  
 Gabi has been given some icky objects. Her mother threw out a rotting crab claw, for example. 
  
 Gabi points out a heavily rusted screw she prefers not to touch. It's labelled "Third Favorite." Asking her why an untouchable object is in the favourites, she answers, "You don't' see a crow carrying around a screw that much. Unless it's trying to build its house." 
  
 Lisa, Gabi's mom, regularly photographs the crows and charts their behaviour and interactions. Her most amazing gift came just a few weeks ago, when she lost a lens cap in a nearby alley while photographing a bald eagle as it circled over the neighbourhood. 
  
 Image copyright Lisa Mann 
  
 She didn't even have to look for it. It was sitting on the edge of the birdbath. 
  
 Had the crows returned it? Lisa logged on to her computer and pulled up their bird-cam. There was the crow she suspected. "You can see it bringing it into the yard. Walks it to the birdbath and actually spends time rinsing this lens cap." 
  
 "I'm sure that it was intentional," she smiles. "They watch us all the time. I'm sure they knew I dropped it. I'm sure they decided they wanted to return it." 
  
 Writer and broadcaster Katy Sewall is co-host of The BitterSweet Life podcast." She's been a journalist and radio professional for 12 years. 
  
 Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox. 
  
 This story inspired readers to email us with details of their own remarkable relationships with birds. ||||| Published on Feb 26, 2015 
  
 http://twitter.com/onlyfirstnews Lots of people love the birds in their garden, but it's rare for that affection to be reciprocated. One young girl in Seattle is luckier than most. She feeds the crows in her garden - and they bring her gifts in return. 
  
  
  
 Eight-year-old Gabi Mann sets a bead storage container on the dining room table, and clicks the lid open. This is her most precious collection. 
  
  
  
 "You may take a few close looks," she says, "but don't touch." It's a warning she's most likely practised on her younger brother. She laughs after saying it though. She is happy for the audience. 
  
  
  
 Inside the box are rows of small objects in clear plastic bags. One label reads: "Black table by feeder. 2:30 p.m. 09 Nov 2014." Inside is a broken light bulb. Another bag contains small pieces of brown glass worn smooth by the sea. "Beer coloured glass," as Gabi describes it. 
  
  
  
 Each item is individually wrapped and categorised. Gabi pulls a black zip out of a labelled bag and holds it up. "We keep it in as good condition as we can," she says, before explaining this object is one of her favourites. 
  
  
  
 There's a miniature silver ball, a black button, a blue paper clip, a yellow bead, a faded black piece of foam, a blue Lego piece, and the list goes on. Many of them are scuffed and dirty. It is an odd assortment of objects for a little girl to treasure, but to Gabi these things are more valuable than gold. 
  
  
  
 .... |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?