Here is a news article: Residents of Venezuela have been treated to a light show that has been going on for thousands of years. One spot on the Catatumbo River gets, regularly, forty thousand bolts every night. The lightning has helped sailors navigate, foiled attacks on the nearby countryside, and is actually responsible for Venezuelan independence. Find out about the most zapped spot on earth. 
  
 Roughly three hundred nights a year, the residents on Lake Maracaibo need to shut their blinds against the light. 
  
 Each of the individual storms over the Catatumbo River are no different from lightning storms everywhere else. But with the concentration on that one spot, and the fact that the lightning comes back day after day, ten months out of every year, things start to get weird. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Theories abound as to why the lightning is concentrated in one area all the time. Some scientists say that the geological features around the Catatumbo River basin contribute to a constant low-pressure system. That would explain why the lightning hasn't stopped for more that a few months at a time for thousands of years. 
  
 Weather or humidity might play a part — since the longest recorded pause for the lightning happened in 2010, an El Nino year that ushered in a terrible drought in Venezuela. Some say the months-long disappearance of the visible lightning was actually due to deforestation and agricultural development in the region around Catatumbo. 
  
 Sponsored 
  
 The constant lightning storms are part of the history of the region. Believe it or not, they help the region become a reliable port, since the giant bolts of lightning are excellent navigational aids for sailors. They just aren't aids for stealthy sailors. It was said that an attack on Lake Maracaibo by Sr Francis Drake was foiled because the lightning lit up the sky enough for people to spot his ships. Later, in the 1800s, it is said to have guided Admiral José Prudencio Padilla to a battle, which turned into an important victory for Venezuelan independence. 
  
 The loss of the lightning, due to drought, deforestation, or El Nino conditions, may be a loss for local beauty and natural historic preservation — but it could have been a boon for the environment. The constant barrage of lightning over Lake Maracaibo helps replenish the ozone layer. Oxygen usually binds with other elements, or forms pairs with another oxygen molecule. Ozone is three different oxygen molecules bound together, which rarely happens. This is lucky for us, because ozone is poisonous. When it's up in the ozone layer it's an ecological benefit, blocking ultraviolet rays. When it's swimming around the rest of the atmosphere, it's a greenhouse gas. Lightning doesn't directly make ozone, but its high heat and pressure force oxygen to combine with another chemical it doesn't usually hook up with; nitrogen. When nitrogen atoms are bound to oxygen atoms, it's only a temporary partnership. Sunlight shakes them loose, and the extra oxygen often finds a pair of oxygen atoms to connect with. 
  
 Image: Wiki Commons 
  
 Via ABC, WonderMondo, and The Guardian. ||||| Shocking Find: Central Africa is the lightning 'capital' of the world 
  
 loading video... loading video... 
  
 Scott Sutherland 
  
 Meteorologist/Science Writer 
  
 Sunday, April 5, 2015, 11:32 AM - Think where you live gets a lot of lightning? Now, thanks to a new map from NASA's Earth Observatory, you can compare your region to others, to see who comes out on top. However, unless you live in a very specific area of Central Africa, you're going to come in at least second in this contest. 
  
 Using data collected from two orbiting satellite sensors - the Lightning Imaging Sensor (LIS) on NASA’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite and the Optical Transient Detector (OTD) on the OrbView-1/Microlab satellite - NASA has put together a map of lightning strikes across the Earth, plotted by rate (number per square kilometre, per year). 
  
 The result was this: 
  
  
  
 Global lightning activity. Credit: Joshua Stevens/NASA Earth Observatory 
  
 Some regions stand out, like near Venezuela's Lake Maracaibo, along Lake Taha, in northwestern Ethiopia, throughout northwestern Colombia and most of central Africa. 
  
 However, for shear concentration of strikes, nowhere comes close to what a swath of land in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo sees. Stretching between Maiko National Park and the the Itombwe National Reserve, near the borders of Rwanda and Burundi, this region shows up like a beacon, with each square kilometre receiving around 100 lightning strikes every year. 
  
 Given that the entire region represents roughly 100,000 square kilometres, that's more than 10 million lightning strikes per year, concentrated in a very small part of the planet! 
  
 By comparison, the entire country of Canada - all 10 million square kilometres of it - apparently only sees a little over 2 million lightning strikes per year. 
  
 Zoom in closer and The two most concentrated areas, each about 100 kms on a side, are located at the northern and southern ends of that bright swath, just to the east of both Maiko and Itombwe. These two, each, receive around 15,000 strikes per year. An equivalent area in Canada - from Toronto to Hamilton, including all adjacent townships - would have to receive over 50 strikes each and every day, from April 1 to October 31, to match it. 
  
 Source: NASA Earth Observatory ||||| Pivot irrigation fields cover the landscape north of Copeland, Kans. Powered by electric motors, lines of sprinklers rotate 360 degrees to evenly irrigate crops. via Daily Overview , satellite imagery courtesy of Digital Globe 
  
 Trails, lifts and skiers cut through the trees of the Whistler Blackcomb Resort in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The area accommodates more than 2 million skiers each year on 4,757 acres ok skiable land. via Daily Overview , satellite imagery courtesy of Digital Globe 
  
 Cities, moonlight, and fossil-fuel industries frame the Gulf of Mexico with light, in this image captured by astronauts on the International Space Station as they looked southeastward. VIDEO: How Astronauts Celebrate Holidays In Space 
  
 On Saint Patrick’s Day, a NASA satellite captured a view of the aurora from above while earthlings collected their shots from below. BLOG: How The Chicago River Turns Green On St. Patrick's 
  
 The Yellow Sea has some of the most turbid and dynamic waters in the world. Sediments and swirling currents create a mix of colors captured by NASA’s Aqua satellite. PHOTOS: Spring Equinox Around The World 
  
 Photographer Radu Zaciu creates surreal still life images by placing light bulbs inside fruits and vegetables. Here, seeds from a strawberry block the light. PHOTOS: Dark Side of the Fruit - Produce Lit Within 
  
 The Uyuni Salt Flats stretch over more than 6,000 square miles. The largest salt flats on Earth were recently featured in a new episode of " This Happened Here " on Discovery Digital's new Seeker Network . VIDEO: This Happened Here: Seeking Solitude In Bolivia's Salt Flats 
  
 In our weekly collection of highs and lows, we check out the Northern lights from above, the largest salt flats on Earth and get an inside look at fruits and veggies. Above, New York City’s Central Park spans 843 acres. That’s 6 percent of the island of Manhattan. via Daily Overview , satellite imagery courtesy of Digital Globe 
  
 By now, we hope, you’ve abandoned that old folk myth that lightning never strikes twice. (In fact, a 1997 study found that lighting flashes strike multiple spots simultaneously about a third of the time, and that your chances of being struck are about 45 percent higher than the number of flashes would seem to indicate). 
  
 So now that we’ve gotten that out of the way, here’s another burning question: Where does lightning strike most frequently on the planet? As it turns out, those brainy folks at NASA have the answer. 
  
 NEWS: Man Struck By Lightning … Twice 
  
 Between 1998 and 2013, NASA’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission and OrbView-1/Microlab satellites gathered data on the number and location of lightning flashes worldwide, and what they found is shown on the map above. As it turns out, lightning tends to happen most often in areas closest to the equator, and more often over land than over the oceans. 
  
 That makes sense, because as NASA’s Earth Observatory website explains,solid earth absorbs sunlight and heats up faster than water. That results in stronger convection and greater atmospheric instability, which leads to the production of the sort of storms that produce lightning. 
  
 The spots on the planet with the highest amount of lightning turn out to be Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela, where the combination of heat, humidity and wind from the surrounding Andes mountain range causes spectacular storms, and the far eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo. 
  
 NEWS: Mushroom Clouds Form Over Idaho Lightning Fires 
  
 According to Reuters, the Lake Maraciabo area has lightning storms 300 nights each year, and each kilometer of the area is hit by 250 lightning strikes annually. 
  
 NASA scientist Daniel Cecil noted on the Earth Observatory website that the new map is far more detailed than previous efforts to chart global lightning. “The longer record allows us to more confidently identify some of these finer details,” he said. “We can examine seasonality, and variability through the day and year-to-year.” ||||| Where does lightning flash most frequently? According to satellite observations, it occurs more often over land than over the oceans. And lightning seems to happen more often closer to the equator. 
  
 The map above shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013. Areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are gray and purple; areas with the largest number of lightning flashes—as many as 150 per year per square kilometer—are bright pink. 
  
 The map is based on data collected from 1998–2013 by the Lightning Imaging Sensor (LIS) on NASA’s Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and from 1995–2000 by the Optical Transient Detector (OTD) on the OrbView-1/Microlab satellite. Flashes above 38 degrees North were observed by OTD only, as the satellite flew to higher latitudes. 
  
 The higher frequency of lighting over land makes sense because solid earth absorbs sunlight and heats up faster than water; this means there is stronger convection and greater atmospheric instability, leading to the formation of thunder and lightning producing storms. 
  
 According to NASA’s Daniel Cecil, a member of the Global Hydrology and Climate Center’s lightning team, the data also have revealed some interesting regional trends. For example, scientists have observed a large number of flashes during the month of May in the Brahmaputra Valley of far eastern India. The heating and weather patterns are unstable and changeable at that time—just before the onset of the monsoon, which brings plenty of rain but much less lightning. In contrast, locations in Central Africa and Northwestern South America have large amounts of lightning throughout the entire year. 
  
 As the map shows, the highest amounts of lightning flashes occur in the far eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela. 
  
 Cecil noted that more years of data has not necessarily brought notable big-picture differences when compared to the earlier maps. “The longer record allows us to more confidently identify some of these finer details,” he said. “We can examine seasonality, and variability through the day and year-to-year.” 
  
 NASA Earth Observatory image by Joshua Stevens using LIS/OTD data from the Global Hydrology and Climate Center Lightning Team. Caption by Kathryn Hansen. ||||| Every second, as many as 100 lightning bolts strike the Earth. Now, a new map reveals a tally of those flashes over the last two decades, tracing where they strike the planet each year. 
  
 Westward on the map, lightning flashes run down Mexico and Central America, before reaching their peak in Colombia and Venezuela; eastward, they peak in Singapore and Malaysia. But neither region compares to the dramatic strikes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Central Africa. 
  
 The data reveal that lightning is more likely to strike land than water, and these flashes occur more on land close to the equator. But the different intensities also reveal subtle differences in the storms themselves. [Electric Earth: Stunning Images of Lightning] 
  
 Lighting results from processes occurring within clouds. As ice particles within a cloud collide and break apart, the smaller particles acquire positive charge and the larger particles acquire negative charge. Updrafts of wind then push the small particles upward, until the top of the cloud is positively charged, while the bottom of the cloud is negatively charged. This separation of charge creates a huge electric potential within the cloud, and between the cloud and the ground. 
  
 Eventually, the electric potential grows strong enough to overcome the air's resistance to electrical flow. Negative charges venture toward the ground from the bottom of the cloud, causing positive charges to surge up toward the cloud from the ground. This electrical discharge is a surge of lightning. (At least that’s the simple version of lightning.) 
  
 Scientists are attempting to learn more about lightning and its accompanying thunderstorms by monitoring the flashes from above. 
  
 In 1998, NASA launched a Lightning Imaging Sensor on board its Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite. It was originally planned to be a three-year-mission, but the satellite is still up and running 17 years later. A second instrument, called the Optical Transient Detector (OTD) on the OrbView-1/Microlab satellite, also collected data from 1995 to 2000, and recorded all flashes above the 38th parallel north latitude. 
  
 A lightning-imaging sensor collected near-infrared light to account for flashes occurring in daylight. "It's taking very rapid updates," said Daniel Cecil, a member of the Global Hydrology and Climate Center's lightning team. "So it will measure a background scene, and then with very rapid updates check to see if there's a sudden change in brightness from that background scene." If there is, the instrument records that as a flash of lightning. 
  
 Two basic trends can be seen across the data: Lightning is far more likely to occur on land than over the ocean, and lightning is far more likely to occur near the equator. Roughly 90 percent of the lightning strikes on Earth occur between the 38th parallel south and 38th parallel north latitudes, said Cecil. 
  
 But even on equatorial land, lightning strikes vary with different types of thunderstorms. Take Brazil, for example. With its abundant warm temperatures and moisture-laden air, this country commonly experiences large thunderstorms. The number of lightning strikes per storm, however, is relatively low, with only a few flashes per minute, Cecil said. But in places like northern Argentina, or even in the central United States, rare storms bring tens or hundreds of flashes per minute, he added. 
  
 "You get big differences for Brazil and central Africa, where they're both in the deep tropics, both overland," said Cecil, who is now working on further understanding this trend. "But in a lot of ways the storms over Brazil behave more like the storms over the ocean, which are almost always much weaker than the ones overland." 
  
 The researchers are planning to send a lightning imaging sensor to the International Space Station and to geostationary orbit (orbiting over the Earth's equator), where it will be able to continuously monitor certain spots on the planet, and therefore track certain storms. 
  
 "Right now, we're piecing together snapshots," Cecil said. "As a satellite goes over, we get to look at a storm for about a minute and a half. And in this next generation a few years from now, we're going to have continuous measurements. So as a storm pops up, we're going to see its entire life cycle from the first flash to the last." 
  
 Follow Shannon Hall on Twitter @ShannonWHall. Follow Live Science @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science. |||||
A summary of this is?