Information:  - Russia (from the  Rus'), also officially known as the Russian Federation, is a country in Eurasia. At , Russia is the largest country in the world by surface area, covering more than one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area, and the ninth most populous, with over 140 million people at the end of March 2016. The European western part of the country is much more populated and urbanised than the eastern, about 77% of the population live in European Russia. Russia's capital Moscow is one of the largest cities in the world, other major urban centers include Saint Petersburg, Novosibirsk, Yekaterinburg, Nizhny Novgorod and Samara.  - The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is an international organization working in the field of nature conservation and sustainable use of natural resources. It is involved in data gathering and analysis, research, field projects, advocacy, lobbying and education. IUCN's mission is to "influence, encourage and assist societies throughout the world to conserve nature and to ensure that any use of natural resources is equitable and ecologically sustainable."  - Pirkanmaa (also known as Tampere Region in government documents), is a region of Finland. It borders on the regions of Satakunta, Tavastia Proper, Päijät-Häme, Southern Ostrobothnia, Central Finland and Southwest Finland.  - A municipality is usually a single urban administrative division having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction as granted by national and state laws, to which it is subordinate. It is to be distinguished from the county, which may encompass rural territory and/or numerous small communities such as towns, villages and hamlets. The term "municipality" may also mean the governing or ruling body of a given municipality. A municipality is a general-purpose administrative subdivision, as opposed to a special-purpose district. The term is derived from French "municipalité" and Latin "municipalis".  - A national park is a park in use for conservation purposes. Often it is a reserve of natural, semi-natural, or developed land that a sovereign state declares or owns. Although individual nations designate their own national parks differently, there is a common idea: the conservation of 'wild nature' for posterity and as a symbol of national pride. An international organization, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), and its World Commission on Protected Areas, has defined "National Park" as its "Category II" type of protected areas.  - A swamp is a wetland that is forested. Many swamps occur along large rivers where they are critically dependent upon natural water level fluctuations. Other swamps occur on the shores of large lakes. Some swamps have hammocks, or dry-land protrusions, covered by aquatic vegetation, or vegetation that tolerates periodic inundation. The two main types of swamp are "true" or swamp forests and "transitional" or shrub swamps. In the boreal regions of Canada, the word swamp is colloquially used for what is more correctly termed a bog or muskeg. The water of a swamp may be fresh water, brackish water or seawater. Some of the world's largest swamps are found along major rivers such as the Amazon, the Mississippi, and the Congo.  - Fennoscandia , Fenno-Scandinavia, or the Fennoscandian Peninsula, is the geographical peninsula of the Nordic region comprising the Scandinavian Peninsula, Finland, Karelia, and the Kola Peninsula. It encompasses Finland, Norway and Sweden, as well as Murmansk Oblast, much of the Republic of Karelia and parts of northern Leningrad Oblast in Russia. Its name comes from the Latin words "Fennia" (Finland) and "Scandia" (Scandinavian). The term was first used by the Finnish geologist Wilhelm Ramsay in 1898. Geologically, the area is distinct because its bedrock is Archaean granite and gneiss with very little limestone, in contrast to neighboring areas in Europe.  - A park is an area of natural, semi-natural, or planted space set aside for human enjoyment and recreation or for the protection of wildlife or natural habitats. It may consist of grassy areas, rocks, soil, and trees, but may also contain buildings and other artifacts such as monuments, fountains or playground structures. In North America, many parks have fields for playing sports such as soccer, baseball and football, and paved areas for games such as basketball. Many parks have trails for walking, biking and other activities. Some parks are built adjacent to bodies of water or watercourses and may comprise a beach or boat dock area. Often, the smallest parks are in urban areas, where a park may take up only a city block or less. Urban parks often have benches for sitting and may contain picnic tables and barbecue grills. Parks have differing rules regarding whether dogs can be brought into the park: some parks prohibit dogs; some parks allow them with restrictions (e.g., use of a leash); and some parks, which may be called "dog parks", permit dogs to run off-leash.  - Northern Europe is the northern part or region of Europe. Although no definitive borders or definition exists for the term, geographically, Northern Europe may be considered to consist approximately of all of Europe above the 52nd parallel north; which includes (from west to east) most or all of: Iceland, the Republic of Ireland, the Isle of Man, the United Kingdom, the Faroe Islands, the Netherlands, northern Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, northern Poland, Finland, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and northwest Russia. However, narrower definitions may also be used based on other geographical factors, such as climate and ecology. Greenland, geographically a part of North America, is politically a part of the Kingdom of Denmark, and may be included depending on the definition.  - An esker, eskar, eschar, or os, sometimes called an "asar", "osar", or "serpent kame", is a long, winding ridge of stratified sand and gravel, examples of which occur in glaciated and formerly glaciated regions of Europe and North America. Eskers are frequently several kilometres long and, because of their peculiar uniform shape, are somewhat like railway embankments.  - FOREST (short for "Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco") is a United Kingdom political pressure group which campaigns against tobacco control activity.  - A drainage divide, water divide, divide, ridgeline, watershed, water parting, or (in Canada) height of land, is the line that separates neighbouring drainage basins. In hilly country, the divide lies along topographical ridges, and may be in the form of a single range of hills or mountains, known as a "dividing range". In flat countryespecially where the ground is marshythe divide may be harder to discern.  - Scandinavia is a historical and cultural region in Northern Europe characterized by a common ethnocultural North Germanic heritage and mutually intelligible North Germanic languages.  - Finland , officially the Republic of Finland, is a sovereign state in Northern Europe. A peninsula with the Gulf of Finland to the south and the Gulf of Bothnia to the west, the country has land borders with Sweden to the northwest, Norway to the north, and Russia to the east. Estonia is south of the country across the Gulf of Finland. Finland is a Nordic country situated in the geographical region of Fennoscandia, which also includes Scandinavia. Finland's population is 5.5 million (2014), staying roughly on the same level over the past two decades. The majority of the population is concentrated in the southern region. In terms of area, it is the eighth largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union.  - The Finnish forest reindeer "(Rangifer tarandus fennicus)" (Finnish:" metsäpeura", Russian: "  ") is a rare and threatened subspecies of reindeer native to Finland and northwestern Russia. They are found primarily in Russian Karelia, and the provinces of North Karelia, Savonia and Kainuu in Finland, though some range into central south Finland. They are distinct from the semi-domesticated Northern reindeer ("Rangifer tarandus tarandus") in their larger size and preference for dense boreal forest habitat, where they are rarely seen by humans, over the open tundra. They migrate seasonally back and forth across the long Russo-Finnish border.  - The European Union (EU) is a political and economic union of member states that are located primarily in Europe. It has an area of , and an estimated population of over 510 million. The EU has developed an internal single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states. EU policies aim to ensure the free movement of people, goods, services, and capital within the internal market, enact legislation in justice and home affairs, and maintain common policies on trade, agriculture, fisheries, and regional development. Within the Schengen Area, passport controls have been abolished. A monetary union was established in 1999 and came into full force in 2002, and is composed of 19 EU member states which use the euro currency.  - Seitseminen National Park ( Finnish : Seitsemisen kansallispuisto ) is located in the municipalities of Ikaalinen and Ylöjärvi in Finland . The national park was established in 1982 and later expanded in 1989 . It now covers 45.5 square kilometres ( 17.6 sq mi ) . The park is a typical mix of upland and lowland coniferous boreal forests of the Suomenselkä watershed region . Upland areas are dominated by closed productive stands of Norway spruce and Scots pine while lowland areas are covered by sphagnum swamp and bog areas that also contain stunted ( Scots pine ) and shrublike ( Norway spruce ) . These swamp and bog areas appear to be barren due to the sparse tree densities . Parts of the park contain some of the most ancient and oldest forests that are accessible to public in Finland . The Kovero Farm ( Finnish : Koveron kruununmetsätorppa ) , a tenant farm established in 1859 , is part of the cultural heritage area of the park . Seitseminen National Park received the European Diploma of Protected Areas on June 19 , 1996 . It was valid until June 2011 .  - Sweden, officially the Kingdom of Sweden (Swedish: ), is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe. It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east, and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund. At , Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area, with a total population of 10.0 million. Sweden consequently has a low population density of , with the highest concentration in the southern half of the country. Approximately 85% of the population lives in urban areas.  - Ikaalinen is a town and municipality of Finland. It is located in the province of Western Finland and is part of the Pirkanmaa region. The town has a population of  () and covers an area of of which  is water. The population density is  - The Gulf of Finland  is the easternmost arm of the Baltic Sea. It extends between Finland (to the north) and Estonia (to the south) all the way to Saint Petersburg in Russia, where the river Neva drains into it. Other major cities around the gulf include Helsinki and Tallinn. The eastern parts of the Gulf of Finland belong to Russia, and some of Russia's most important oil harbours are located farthest in, near Saint Petersburg (including Primorsk). As the seaway to Saint Petersburg, the Gulf of Finland has been and continues to be of considerable strategic importance to Russia. Some of the environmental problems affecting the Baltic Sea are at their most pronounced in the shallow gulf.  - The World Commission on Protected Areas (WCPA) is one of six commissions of the IUCN (World Conservation Union). WCPA is the world's premier network of protected area expertise. It is administered by IUCN's Global Protected Areas Programme and has over 2,400 members, spanning 140 countries.  - Population density (in agriculture: standing stock and standing crop) is a measurement of population per unit area or unit volume; it is a quantity of type number density. It is frequently applied to living organisms, and most of the time to humans. It is a key geographical term.  - The Gulf of Bothnia is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea. It is situated between Finland's west coast and Sweden's east coast. In the south of the gulf lie the Åland Islands, between the Sea of Åland and the Archipelago Sea.  - Tampere (Swedish: "Tammerfors" ) is a city in Pirkanmaa, southern Finland. It is the most populous inland city in any of the Nordic countries.  - Suomenselkä is a drainage divide in western Finland. Roughly long and wide, it is marked by an ensemble of northeast-southwest oriented moraines parallel to the Bothnian coastline. Rivers flowing west from Suomenselkä drain to the Gulf of Bothnia and the lakes in the east drain to the Gulf of Finland. Historically, this very sparsely populated region separated Ostrobothnia from the southern and eastern lake regions of Finland. The landscape is marked by moraines, eskers, swamps and forests and is difficult to cultivate or settle in. Because it contains some of the few remaining patches of old-growth forest in southern Finland, it is one of the few remaining habitats for Finnish Forest Reindeer ("Rangifer tarandus fennica").  - A moraine is any glacially formed accumulation of unconsolidated glacial debris (soil and rock) that occurs in both currently and formerly glaciated regions on Earth (i.e. a past glacial maximum), through geomorphological processes. Moraines are formed from debris previously carried along by a glacier and normally consist of somewhat rounded particles ranging in size from large boulders to minute glacial flour. Lateral moraines are formed at the side of the ice flow and terminal moraines at the foot, marking the maximum advance of the glacier. Other types of moraine include ground moraines, till-covered areas with irregular topography, and medial moraines which are formed where two glaciers meet.  - Norway (; Norwegian: (Bokmål) or (Nynorsk); Sami: "Norgga"), officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a sovereign and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the island Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard. The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom. Norway also lays claim to a section of Antarctica known as Queen Maud Land. Until 1814, the Kingdom included the Faroe Islands (since 1035), Greenland (1261), and Iceland (1262). It also included Shetland and Orkney until 1468. It also included the following provinces, now in Sweden: Jämtland, Härjedalen and Bohuslän.  - An old-growth forest  also termed primary forest, virgin forest, primeval forest, late seral forest, or (in Britain) ancient woodland  is a forest that has attained great age without significant disturbance and thereby exhibits unique ecological features and might be classified as a climax community. Old-growth features include diverse tree-related structures that provide diverse wildlife habitat that increases the bio-diversity of the forested ecosystem. The concept of diverse tree structure includes multi-layered canopies and canopy gaps, greatly varying tree heights and diameters, and diverse tree species and classes and sizes of woody debris.  - Ylöjärvi is a town and a municipality in Western Finland, west of Tampere and north of Finlands capital city Helsinki.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'seitseminen national park' with the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'.  Choices: - antarctica  - canada  - central  - denmark  - district  - earth  - estonia  - european union  - faroe islands  - finland  - forest  - freedom  - germany  - gulf  - iceland  - ireland  - isle of man  - kingdom of denmark  - mission  - moscow  - murmansk  - murmansk oblast  - national park  - netherlands  - neva  - nizhny novgorod  - north  - north america  - north karelia  - northern  - northwest  - norway  - novosibirsk  - of  - orkney  - os  - pirkanmaa  - republic of karelia  - rock  - russia  - satakunta  - scandinavia  - schengen  - seen  - shetland  - south  - southern region  - southwest  - svalbard  - sweden  - tallinn  - tampere  - union  - united kingdom  - ylöjärvi
Answer: