Information:  - Neutron spin echo spectroscopy is an inelastic neutron scattering technique invented by Ferenc Mezei in the 1970s, and developed in collaboration with John Hayter. In recognition of his work and in other areas, Mezei was awarded the first Walter Haelg Prize in 1999.  - The California Institute of Technology (abbreviated Caltech) is a private doctorate-granting university located in Pasadena, California, United States. Although founded as a preparatory and vocational school by Amos G. Throop in 1891, the college attracted influential scientists such as George Ellery Hale, Arthur Amos Noyes, and Robert Andrews Millikan in the early 20th century. The vocational and preparatory schools were disbanded and spun off in 1910, and the college assumed its present name in 1921. In 1934, Caltech was elected to the Association of American Universities, and the antecedents of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, which Caltech continues to manage and operate, were established between 1936 and 1943 under Theodore von Kármán. The university is one among a small group of Institutes of Technology in the United States which is primarily devoted to the instruction of technical arts and applied sciences.  - The New York University School of Medicine is one of the graduate schools of New York University. Founded in 1841 as the University Medical College, the NYU School of Medicine is one of the foremost medical schools in the United States, ranking 11th in research according to "U.S. News & World Report". As of 2016, it is one of the most selective medical school in the United States, with an acceptance rate of 1.8%. In 2014, New York University School of Medicine attracted over $304.5 million in external research funding from the National Institutes of Health alone.  - Alzheimer's disease (AD), also known as just Alzheimer's, is a chronic neurodegenerative disease that usually starts slowly and gets worse over time. It is the cause of 60% to 70% of cases of dementia. The most common early symptom is difficulty in remembering recent events (short-term memory loss). As the disease advances, symptoms can include problems with language, disorientation (including easily getting lost), mood swings, loss of motivation, not managing self care, and behavioural issues. As a person's condition declines, they often withdraw from family and society. Gradually, bodily functions are lost, ultimately leading to death. Although the speed of progression can vary, the average life expectancy following diagnosis is three to nine years. The cause of Alzheimer's disease is poorly understood. About 70% of the risk is believed to be genetic with many genes usually involved. Other risk factors include a history of head injuries, depression, or hypertension. The disease process is associated with plaques and tangles in the brain. A probable diagnosis is based on the history of the illness and cognitive testing with medical imaging and blood tests to rule out other possible causes. Initial symptoms are often mistaken for normal ageing. Examination of brain tissue is needed for a definite diagnosis. Mental and physical exercise, and avoiding obesity may decrease the risk of AD. There are no medications or supplements that decrease risk. No treatments stop or reverse its progression, though some may temporarily improve symptoms. Affected people increasingly rely on others for assistance, often placing a burden on the caregiver; the pressures can include social, psychological, physical, and economic elements. Exercise programmes may be beneficial with respect to activities of daily living and can potentially improve outcomes. Treatment of behavioural problems or psychosis due to dementia with antipsychotics is common but not usually recommended due to there often being little benefit and an increased...  - The National Academy of Medicine (NAM, formerly the Institute of Medicine) is an American nonprofit, non-governmental organization. The National Academy of Medicine is a part of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, along with the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), National Academy of Engineering (NAE), and the National Research Council (NRC).   - The Lasker Awards have been awarded annually since 1945 to living persons who have made major contributions to medical science or who have performed public service on behalf of medicine. They are administered by the Lasker Foundation, founded by Albert Lasker and his wife Mary Woodard Lasker (later a medical research activist). The awards are sometimes referred to as "America's Nobels". Lasker Award has gained a reputation for identifying future winners of the Nobel Prize. Eighty-six Lasker laureates have received the Nobel Prize, including 32 in the last two decades. Claire Pomeroy is the current President of the Foundation.  - Inelastic neutron scattering is an experimental technique commonly used in condensed matter research to study atomic and molecular motion as well as magnetic and crystal field excitations. It distinguishes itself from other neutron scattering techniques by resolving the change in kinetic energy that occurs when the collision between neutrons and the sample is an inelastic one. Results are generally communicated as the dynamic structure factor (also called inelastic scattering law) formula_1, sometimes also as the dynamic susceptibility formula_2 where the scattering vector formula_3 is the difference between incoming and outgoing wave vector, and "formula_4" is the energy change experienced by the sample (negative that of the scattered neutron). When results are plotted as function of formula_5, they can often be interpreted in the same way as spectra obtained by conventional spectroscopic techniques; insofar as inelastic neutron scattering can be seen as a special spectroscopy.  - Aporphine is one of a class of quinoline alkaloids. Many different relatives of this compound have been purified from plants. One commonly used aporphine derivative is apomorphine, which can be found in Nymphaea caerulea. Aporphines from other plants include some that occur in extracts of Cassytha species that have been used in African folk medicine to treat cancer and trypanosomiasis. In vitro tests of some of the aporphines from "Cassytha filiformis", namely actinodaphnine, cassythine, and dicentrine, on Trypanosoma brucei did show promising levels of activity. Investigation of possible mechanisms revealed that the active compounds bind to DNA and act as intercalating agents, besides inhibiting topoisomerase activity   - Cosmas K. Zachos (born 1951, Athens) is a theoretical physicist. He was educated in physics (undergraduate A.B. 1974) at Princeton University, and did graduate work in theoretical physics at the California Institute of Technology (Ph.D. 1979) under the supervision of John Henry Schwarz.  Zachos is a staff member in the theory group of the High Energy Physics Division of Argonne National Laboratory. He is considered an authority on the subject of phase-space quantization. His early research involved, jointly, the introduction of renormalization Geometrostasis, and the so-called FFZ Lie algebra of Noncommutative geometry. His thesis work revealed a balancing repulsive gravitational force present in Extended Supergravity.  - A graduate school (sometimes shortened as grad school) is a school that awards advanced academic degrees (i.e. master's and doctoral degrees) with the general requirement that students must have earned a previous undergraduate (bachelor's) degree with a high grade point average. A distinction is typically made between graduate schools (where courses of study vary in the degree to which they provide training for a particular profession) and professional schools, which offer specialized advanced degrees in professional fields such as medicine, nursing, business, engineering, or law. The distinction between graduate schools and professional schools is not absolute, as various professional schools offer graduate degrees (e.g., some nursing schools offer a master's degree in nursing). Also, some graduate degrees train students for a specific profession (e.g. an MSc or a PhD in epidemiology trains a person to be an epidemiologist).  - David J. E. Callaway is a biological nanophysicist in the New York University School of Medicine , where he is Professor and Laboratory Director . He was trained as a theoretical physicist by Richard Feynman and Cosmas Zachos , and was previously an Associate Professor at the Rockefeller University . Recently Callaway 's laboratory discovered potential new therapeutics for Alzheimer 's disease based upon apomorphine . An earlier paper of his developing models of Alzheimer amyloid formation , has been cited over 177 times in the Scopus database . He has also initiated the study of protein domain dynamics by neutron spin echo spectroscopy , providing a way to observe protein nanomachines in motion . Previous work includes the invention of the microcanonical ensemble approach to lattice gauge theory with Aneesur Rahman , cited over 100 times , work on the convexity of the effective potential of quantum field theory , and work on Langevin dynamics in quantum field theory with John R. Klauder . A monograph discussing Quantum triviality and whether an elementary scalar Higgs boson can exist was cited over 123 times in the HEP database . Another paper of his providing constraints on the Higgs boson has been cited over 103 times in that database as well . He has also published well - cited papers on topics including black holes , superconductors and protein chemistry .  - Biography. Tomonaga was born in Tokyo in 1906. He was the second child and eldest son of a Japanese philosopher, Tomonaga Sanjr. He entered the Kyoto Imperial University in 1926. Hideki Yukawa, also a Nobel Prize winner, was one of his classmates during undergraduate school. During graduate school at the same university, he worked as an assistant in the university for three years. In 1931, after graduate school, he joined Nishina's group in Riken. In 1937, while working at Leipzig University (Leipzig), he collaborated with the research group of Werner Heisenberg. Two years later, he returned to Japan due to the outbreak of the Second World War, but finished his doctoral degree on the study of nuclear materials with his thesis on work he had done while in Leipzig.   - The Rockefeller University is a center for scientific research, primarily in the biological and medical sciences, providing doctoral and postdoctoral education. Rockefeller is one of the most prestigious institutes for biomedical research in the world, and it is the oldest such institute in the United States. Of a 78 person faculty (tenured and tenure-track, as of 2016), 38 are members of the National Academy of Sciences, 18 are members of the National Academy of Medicine, 8 are Lasker Award recipients, and 5 are Nobel laureates.  - New York University (NYU) is a private nonprofit research university based in New York City. Founded in 1831, NYU is considered one of the world's most influential research universities. University rankings compiled by "Times Higher Education", "U.S. News & World Report", and the "Academic Ranking of World Universities" all rank NYU amongst the top 32 universities in the world. NYU is a fundamental part of the creativity, energy and vibrancy that is Manhattan, located with its core in Greenwich Village, and its campuses based throughout New York City. NYU is also a world-class university, operating NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU Shanghai, and 11 global academic centers in Accra, Berlin, Buenos Aires, Florence, London, Madrid, Paris, Prague, Sydney, Tel Aviv, and Washington, D.C.  - Princeton University is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey, United States.  - The Nobel Prize in Physics is a yearly award given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences for those who conferred the most outstanding contributions for mankind in the field of physics. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901; the others being the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Literature, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.  - Athens ("Athína" ) is the capital and largest city of Greece. Athens dominates the Attica region and is one of the world's oldest cities, with its recorded history spanning over 3,400 years, and its earliest human presence starting somewhere between the 11th and 7th millennia BC. Classical Athens was a powerful city-state that emerged in conjunction with the seagoing development of the port of Piraeus, which had been a distinct city prior to its 5th century BC incorporation with Athens. A centre for the arts, learning and philosophy, home of Plato's Academy and Aristotle's Lyceum, it is widely referred to as the cradle of Western civilization and the birthplace of democracy, largely because of its cultural and political impact on the European continent, and in particular the Romans. In modern times, Athens is a large cosmopolitan metropolis and central to economic, financial, industrial, maritime, political and cultural life in Greece. In 2015, Athens was ranked the world's 29th richest city by purchasing power and the 67th most expensive in a UBS study.  - Short-term memory (or "primary" or "active memory") is the capacity for holding, but not manipulating, a small amount of information in mind in an active, readily available state for a short period of time. The duration of short-term memory (when rehearsal or active maintenance is prevented) is believed to be in the order of seconds. The most commonly cited capacity is "The Magical Number Seven, Plus or Minus Two" (which is frequently referred to as "Miller's Law"), despite the fact that Miller himself stated that the figure was intended as "little more than a joke" (Miller, 1989, page 401) and that Cowan (2001) provided evidence that a more realistic figure is 4±1 units. In contrast, long-term memory can hold an indefinite amount of information. Short-term memory should be distinguished from working memory, which refers to structures and processes used for temporarily storing and manipulating information (see details below).  - The National Academy of Sciences (NAS) is a United States nonprofit, non-governmental organization. NAS is part of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, along with the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) and the National Academy of Medicine (NAM).  - Apomorphine (brand names Apokyn, Ixense, Spontane, Uprima) is a type of aporphine having activity as a non-selective dopamine agonist which activates both D-like and, to an order of magnitude lesser extent, D-like receptors. It also acts as an antagonist of 5-HT and -adrenergic receptors with high affinity. The compound is historically a morphine decomposition product by boiling with concentrated acid, hence the -"morphine" suffix. Apomorphine does not actually contain morphine or its skeleton, nor does it bind to opioid receptors. The "apo"- prefix relates to it being a morphine derivative ("[comes] from morphine").  - Richard Phillips Feynman (May 11, 1918  February 15, 1988) was an American theoretical physicist known for his work in the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics, the theory of quantum electrodynamics, and the physics of the superfluidity of supercooled liquid helium, as well as in particle physics for which he proposed the parton model. For his contributions to the development of quantum electrodynamics, Feynman, jointly with Julian Schwinger and Sin'ichir Tomonaga, received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965.  - Argonne National Laboratory is a science and engineering research national laboratory operated by UChicago Argonne LLC for the United States Department of Energy located near Lemont, Illinois, outside Chicago. It is the largest national laboratory by size and scope in the Midwest.  - Cognitive tests are assessments of the cognitive capabilities of humans and other animals. Tests administered to humans include various forms of IQ tests; those administered to animals include the mirror test (a test of visual self-awareness) and the T maze test (which tests learning ability). Such study is important to research concerning the philosophy of mind and psychology, as well as determination of human and animal intelligence.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'educated at' with 'california institute of technology'.
A: