Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu addresses the 67th United Nations General Assembly at the U.N. Headquarters in New York, September 27, 2012. 
  
 Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu draws a red line on a graphic of a bomb as he addresses the 67th United Nations General Assembly at the U.N. Headquarters in New York, September 27, 2012. 
  
 UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu drew his "red line" for Iran's nuclear program on Thursday despite a U.S. refusal to set an ultimatum, saying Tehran will be on the brink of a nuclear weapon in less than a year. 
  
 By citing a time frame in an address to the U.N. General Assembly, Netanyahu - who has clashed with President Barack Obama over the urgency of military action against Iran - appeared to suggest no Israeli attack was imminent before the November 6 U.S. presidential election. 
  
 Holding up a cartoon-like drawing of a bomb with a fuse, Netanyahu literally drew a red line just below a label reading "final stage" to a bomb, in which Iran was 90 percent along the path of having sufficient weapons-grade material. 
  
 Experts put that at the point that Iran has amassed enough uranium, purified to a level of 20 percent, that could quickly be enriched further and be used to produce an atomic bomb. 
  
 Netanyahu told the United Nations he believes that faced with a clear red line, Iran will back down in a crisis that has sent jitters across the region and in financial markets. 
  
 "And this will give more time for sanctions and diplomacy to convince Iran to dismantle its nuclear weapons program altogether," he added. 
  
 Netanyahu's remarks were the closest he or any top Israeli official has come to publicly laying out precisely which Iranian actions could trigger an Israeli military strike on Tehran's nuclear infrastructure. 
  
 But by referring to a spring or summer 2013 time frame for Iran to complete the next stage of uranium enrichment, the Israeli leader also seemed to dispel, at least for now, fears that Israel might strike Iran before the U.S. presidential election, 40 days away. 
  
 Netanyahu's remarks also seemed to deliver a two-part message to the Obama White House - along with Iran's leaders, his most important audience - signaling that the hawkish prime minister wanted an end to the all-too-public war of words with Washington over Iran's suspected nuclear ambitions. But they also showed that he was not backing down an inch on his insistence that much harsher warnings must be delivered to Tehran. 
  
 "NEXT SPRING OR SUMMER" 
  
 In his speech, Netanyahu never explicitly said that if Iran crossed his red line, Israel would launch attacks against the Iranian nuclear facilities, but he did seem to imply such a threat. 
  
 "At this late hour, there is only one way to peacefully prevent Iran from getting atomic bombs. That's by placing a clear red line on Iran's nuclear program," Netanyahu said. 
  
 Iran, Netanyahu said, was well into what he defined as the second stage of enrichment - 20 percent purification - and predicted it would complete it by "next spring, at most by next summer, at current enrichment rates." 
  
 According to an August report by the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Iran has stockpiled 91.4 kg (201.5 pounds) of the 20 percent material. 
  
 Some experts say Iran would need 200 to 250 kg (440 to 550 pounds) of such material for a weapon. Other experts suggest less might do it. Iran could potentially reach that threshold soon by producing roughly 15 kg (33 pounds) a month, a rate that could be speeded up if it activates new enrichment centrifuges. 
  
 According to the U.N. nuclear watchdog, around 25 kg (55.1 pounds) of uranium enriched to a 90 percent purity level would be needed for a single nuclear weapon. 
  
 In his own speech to the General Assembly on Tuesday, Obama said the United States will "do what we must" to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons and that time is not unlimited for diplomacy to resolve the issue. 
  
 Obama set no ultimatum or clear "red line" of his own, despite public urging from Netanyahu over the past several weeks that has aggravated strains between the two leaders. 
  
 "CHART A PATH FORWARD" 
  
 Seeking re-election, Obama has faced criticism from Republican challenger Mitt Romney that the president is being too tough with Israel and not tough enough with Iran. 
  
 "I very much appreciate the president's position, as does everyone in my country. We share the goal of stopping Iran's nuclear weapons program," Netanyahu said. 
  
 "Israel is in discussions with the United States over this issue, and I am confident we can chart a path forward together," he said. 
  
 He spoke a day after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad addressed the General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said on Monday he did not take seriously the threat that Israel could launch a military strike on Iran's nuclear facilities. He also said Israel has no roots in the Middle East and would be "eliminated." [ID:nL1E8KO5BL] 
  
 Netanyahu was due to meet with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton later in the day. White House spokesman Jay Carney said he expected Obama to have a follow-up phone call with Netanyahu, probably on Friday. 
  
 Obama has drawn criticism from Republicans for opting not to meet Netanyahu or other foreign leaders on the sidelines of the General Assembly and focus instead on campaigning for re-election. 
  
 ISRAELIS WARY 
  
 Netanyahu has faced opposition within his cabinet and from former Israeli security chiefs to any go-it-alone attack on Iran. Opinion polls show that Israelis are wary of any such strike by their military, whose capability of destroying underground Iranian facilities is limited. 
  
 Israel, believed to have the Middle East's only atomic arsenal, sees a nuclear-armed Iran as a threat to its existence and has expressed frustration over the failure of diplomacy and sanctions to rein in Tehran's nuclear activity. Iran says it is enriching uranium only for peaceful energy and medical purposes, not for nuclear bombs. 
  
 Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Washington-based Arms Control Association, said Iran's uranium enrichment program is improving. 
  
 "By sometime next year, Iran could potentially amass enough 20 percent enriched material that could - if Iran decides to expel inspectors and convert the material to weapons grade - provide enough nuclear material for one bomb," Kimball said. 
  
 "But enough material for one bomb doesn't constitute an effective, deliverable nuclear arsenal." 
  
 (Additional reporting by Michelle Nichols, Arshad Mohammed and Louis Charbonneau; Editing by Will Dunham and Eric Walsh) ||||| This time last year Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was a hero to his people as he waved an application for statehood recognition from the podium of the United Nations General Assembly. 
  
 The gambit was met with a standing ovation and cheers by an audience of ambassadors and world leaders, as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu remained seated and stone-faced. 
  
 Abbas will deliver a different kind of speech tomorrow when he returns to the UN dais. 
  
 “Last year cost them a lot,” said Hussein Ibish of the American Task Force on Palestine, a nonpartisan group based in Washington that advocates a peaceful two-state solution with Israel. In hindsight, he said, it was “not the wisest course of action.” 
  
 “Presumably, after having endured a very predictable failure, they will have learned the diplomatic lesson,” he said in a telephone interview. 
  
 While the 77-year-old Abbas had succeeded in grabbing attention for his cause, a year later that victory rings hollow. The Palestinians are no closer to achieving statehood -- either in terms of territory or UN recognition -- and the Israeli- Palestinian peace process is moribund, with any diplomatic urgency superseded by war in Syria and the possibility Israel may preemptively strike Iran’s nuclear facilities. 
  
 ‘The End’ 
  
 “The Palestinian people thought that the Abbas speech last year was the beginning, but I am afraid a year later it seems that it’s the end,” said Hani Al Masri, a Ramallah-based political analyst. 
  
 This time, rather than pursuing a doomed path to recognition as a full “member state” that the U.S. would veto in the Security Council, Abbas has lowered expectations. He is seeking a limited upgrade from observer “entity” to “non- member state” in the 193-member General Assembly, where no nation holds veto power. That, too, is opposed by U.S. and Israel, which say any issue of statehood can be resolved only through negotiations. 
  
 “A year later, Abbas is going to the GA with something he he could have done last year, ” Masri said in an interview. “He is applying for non-member state, but with no vote due to the pressures made by the U.S.” 
  
 While becoming a non-member state may open the door for the Palestinian Authority to sign treaties such as the Rome Statute that set up the International Criminal Court, it would alienate the U.S., the UN’s biggest financial contributor and a key aid donor to the Palestinians. 
  
 Aid Needs 
  
 When the Palestinian Authority was accepted last year into the UN cultural agency Unesco, best known for its designation of “world heritage” sites, the U.S. response was to cut off funding that provides almost a quarter of the agency’s budget. The U.S. has said that American law would require similar cutoffs for any UN agency that grants the Palestinians the same status as member states. 
  
 Irritating the U.S. may be risky given the need for U.S. aid, according to two Palestinian officials speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss the sensitive matter. The Palestinians receive about $550 million a year in aid from Washington, according to the Congressional Research Service. 
  
 Any new Palestinian Authority initiative at the UN will probably wait until after the U.S. elections in November, the diplomats said. 
  
 “The PA cannot afford another fight with their donor,” Ibish said. 
  
 After last year’s historic UN speech, throngs of Palestinians welcomed Abbas home to the West Bank city of Ramallah with waving flags, holding up posters of him. Riding the wave of popular enthusiasm at the time for the Arab uprisings, the Palestinian leader had promised something similar. 
  
 ‘Palestinian Spring’ 
  
 “We have told the world that there is the Arab Spring, but the Palestinian Spring is here,” he told a chanting crowd of supporters on Sept. 25, 2011. “A popular spring, a populist spring, a spring of peaceful struggle that will reach its goal.” 
  
 That promise didn’t come to pass, and today the streets in West Bank cities are often crowded with protesters amid worsening economic conditions, including higher fuel prices and delayed payments for public employees. 
  
 After average economic growth of 9 percent from 2008 to 2010, real growth in the West Bank declined to 5 percent in 2011 and the first quarter of 2012, as unemployment rose to 19 percent in the first half of this year from 16 percent a year earlier, according to the International Monetary Fund. 
  
 The economic slowdown in the West Bank “poses a major challenge” to continued Palestinian Authority financial and institutional stability, according to an Israeli government report this month. 
  
 Cash Crisis 
  
 The global economic slump has aggravated a cash crisis as donors, including the U.S. and Arab nations, haven’t followed through on funding pledges. Outside aid finances the bulk of the Palestinian Authority’s $4 billion budget, half of which goes toward paying the salaries of about 150,000 workers. 
  
 The total budget deficit is $1.5 billion. Even with $1.1 billion in donor support promised, that leaves a hole of almost $400 million, Palestinian finance minister Nabeel Kassis told donors at a Sept. 23 meeting in New York. 
  
 The International Monetary Fund warned in a Sept. 23 report that the Palestinian economy is facing “serious risks” and urged the government to pursue a contingency plan to cover its “financing gap.” 
  
 Reviving Diplomacy 
  
 Though the campaign to become the 194th member of the world body was always a long shot, Abbas gambled it would at least revive diplomacy and perhaps even force Israeli concessions, such as reviving a freeze on construction in Jewish settlements in the West Bank. 
  
 Instead, the likelihood of a two-state solution with Israel has further dimmed, and a win by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney would make the prospect still more remote. 
  
 The former Massachusetts governor told campaign donors that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is going to “remain an unsolved problem” and that the Palestinians are uninterested in peace. Romney made the comments at a closed fundraiser in May, and they became public when a video of the event was posted Sept 18 by Mother Jones magazine. 
  
 Even so, it would be a mistake to write off Abbas, said Robert Danin, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. The Palestinian leader has raised the stakes, and the option of taking the issue to the General Assembly can be a potent tool, he said in an interview. 
  
 “The threat may be more powerful than the act,” he said. “But it does give Abbas enhanced leverage to push for active American engagement on the Palestinian front after the November elections.” 
  
 -- With assistance from Fadwa Hodali in Ramallah and Alisa Odenheimer in Jerusalem. Editors: Terry Atlas, Larry Liebert 
  
 To contact the reporters on this story: Flavia Krause-Jackson in United Nations at fjackson@bloomberg.net 
  
 To contact the editor responsible for this story: John Walcott at jwalcott9@bloomberg.net ||||| A new Israeli government report, leaked to local media Thursday, concludes that international sanctions are hitting Iran hard _ undercutting Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's key claim as he heads to the United Nations to argue for tougher action against the Jewish state's arch foe. 
  
 FILE - In this Wednesday, Sept. 19, 2012 file photo, a visitor looks at portraits of Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during the exhibition "faces of... (Associated Press) 
  
 The report surfaced after Israel's foreign minister predicted that Iran's leaders would face an Arab Spring-style popular revolt within the next year _ an argument that further counters Netanyahu's charge that an attack on Iran's nuclear facilities may be the only answer to what he calls a fanatic and intransigent Iranian leadership. 
  
 Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes, but Israel, the United States and other Western countries reject that assertion. The U.N. has already slapped four rounds of economic sanctions on the Islamic Republic, but Netanyahu has repeatedly cast doubt on the effectiveness of those measures, arguing that they have crippled Iran's economy but have not convinced Tehran to halt its nuclear program. 
  
 Netanyahu has instead placed emphasis on urging the U.S. to draw "red lines" which would make clear which conditions would provoke an American strike on Iran's nuclear facilities _ a demand that Washington has rejected. 
  
 When Netanyahu addresses the U.N. General Assembly Thursday, he is expected to reiterate his contention that the sanctions are not working _ a claim that could be deflected by the findings in the new report, which came from the Israeli Foreign Ministry. 
  
 According to the report, details of which appeared in the Haaretz newspaper, Iran's oil exports declined by over 50 percent in the past year _ from 2.4 million barrels a day to 1 million _ and oil revenues dropped by $40 billion since the beginning of the year. 
  
 An Israeli official confirmed the report but refused to elaborate on it. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss internal government documents. 
  
 The report also claims that sanctions on Iran's central bank have made it difficult for the regime to access its foreign currency reserves, causing a 100 percent gap between the country's official exchange rate and where the rial is trading on the black market. Bread, meat and electricity prices have also soared because of the sanctions, the report finds. 
  
 Israel's Foreign Ministry, Haaretz reports, based its findings on data it received from countries that have embassies in Iran. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Follow Daniel Estrin at http://www.twitter.com/danielestrin |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?