Image copyright Getty Images 
  
 It is time to reconsider the widespread advice that people should always complete an entire course of antibiotics, experts in the BMJ say. 
  
 They argue there is not enough evidence to back the idea that stopping pills early encourages antibiotic resistance. 
  
 Instead, they suggest, more studies need to be done to see if stopping once feeling better can help cut antibiotic use. 
  
 But GPs urge people not to change their behaviour in the face of one study. 
  
 Prof Helen Stokes-Lampard, leader of the Royal College of General Practitioners, said an improvement in symptoms did not necessarily mean the infection had been completely eradicated. 
  
 "It's important that patients have clear messages, and the mantra to always take the full course of antibiotics is well known - changing this will simply confuse people." 
  
 Analysis: Antibiotic apocalypse 
  
 World's most threatening superbugs ranked in new list 
  
 Oral sex spreading unstoppable bacteria 
  
 'Short and tailored' 
  
 The opinion piece, by a team of researchers from across England, argues that reducing the use of antibiotics is essential to help combat the growing problem of antibiotic resistance. 
  
 Prof Martin Llewelyn, from the Brighton and Sussex Medical School, together with colleagues, argues that using antibiotics for longer than necessary can increase the risk of resistance. 
  
 He suggests traditional long prescriptions for antibiotics were based on the outdated idea that resistance to an antibiotic could develop when a drug was not taken for a lengthy time and an infection was undertreated. 
  
 Instead, he says, there is now growing evidence that short courses of antibiotics - lasting three to five days, for example - work just as well to treat many bugs. 
  
 He accepts there are a few exceptions - for example, giving just one type of antibiotic for TB infections - which is known to lead to rapid resistance. 
  
 But the team says it is important to move away from blanket prescriptions and, with more research, give antibiotic prescriptions that are tailored to each infection and each person. 
  
 The study acknowledges that hospitals are increasingly reviewing the need for antibiotics from day to day and that there is a growing trend towards shorter courses of drugs. 
  
 But it questions whether advice such as stopping once feeling better would be beneficial - particularly when patients do not get the opportunity to be reviewed in the hospital every day. 
  
 They accept this idea would need more research. 
  
 Image copyright Getty Images 
  
 Prof Helen Stokes-Lampard, leader of the Royal College of General Practitioners, says while it is important to take new evidence into account, she "cannot advocate widespread behaviour change on the results of just one study". 
  
 She says recommended courses of antibiotics are "not random" but tailored to individual conditions and in many cases courses are quite short. 
  
 And she says: "We are concerned about the concept of patients stopping taking their medication mid-way through a course once they 'feel better', because improvement in symptoms does not necessarily mean the infection has been completely eradicated. 
  
 Meanwhile, Kieran Hand, spokesman for the Royal Pharmaceutical Society, said: "This opinion article from respected NHS infection experts is a welcome opening of the debate in the UK on the relationship between the length of a course of antibiotics, efficacy and resistance. 
  
 "As researchers have pointed out, further research is needed before the 'Finish the course' mantra for antibiotics is changed and any alternative message, such as, 'Stop when you feel better,' can be confidently advocated. 
  
 "The ideal future scenario would be that the right length of treatment for a specific infection for patients is identified from clinical trials and the exact quantity prescribed and dispensed." 
  
 Public Health England says patients should continue to follow their health professional's advice about using antibiotics. ||||| If there were a battle hymn against antibiotic resistance, it would have one common refrain: Every inappropriate prescription or insufficient dose strengthens the enemy. It may kill weak bacteria but it won’t eliminate stronger, drug-resistant ones that can move in and multiply. Eventually those robust microbes can outsmart available drugs, and even pass on survival instructions to other bacterial strains.That’s why most doctors—along with the World Health Organization and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—urge patients to always complete prescribed drug courses, even after they feel better. Taking too small a dose or stopping early, they reason, could fuel surges in drug resistance. 
  
 But a group of U.K. infectious disease experts is urging physicians and public health experts to change their tune. In a commentary published Wednesday in the British Medical Journal, they wrote, “The ‘complete the course’ message has persisted despite not being supported by evidence and previous arguments that it should be replaced. ... Nevertheless, there is evidence that, in many situations, stopping antibiotics sooner is a safe and effective way to reduce antibiotic overuse.” 
  
 The authors—Martin Llewelyn, a professor of infectious diseases at Brighton and Sussex Medical School, and nine British colleagues—point to recent studies that have shown shorter courses of certain drug classes such as quinolones are as effective as the longer courses that have been recommended in the past. 
  
 Yet the authors are not just calling for more studies that might lead to shorter standard treatment courses. They are saying that in the short-term the “always complete the course” message should be dumped. “Research is needed to determine the most appropriate simple alternative messages, such as stop when you feel better,” they wrote. They assert that there is also no evidence strong enough to support many of the current guidelines, a situation that forces physicians to rely on assumptions or historical practice to decide antibiotic treatment. 
  
 Drug resistance experts applauded the suggestions to reduce unnecessary medication use and to improve standard treatment protocols when possible. But they were skeptical about changing the “finish your pills” messaging or significantly altering outpatient care. “My thought is that this is a radical stance—although in some ways correct,” says Lance Price, a microbiologist and director of the Antibiotic Resistance Action Center at The George Washington University. “This [commentary] is a really good thought piece, but I think they go too far in saying we need to stop this messaging. We know antibiotics are not smart bombs or snipers—they do not target only one desired body part like the bladder, as we would like. But to say, ‘Let’s pull the plug on this messaging without providing a reasonable, actionable countermessage’ is totally irresponsible.” 
  
 Lauri Hicks, director of the Office of Antibiotic Stewardship at the CDC, says she agrees that there are many unanswered questions about appropriate drug treatment courses. But she cautions that patients should not stop taking their prescribed antibiotics on their own. “I recommend that if a patient is feeling better while taking a course of antibiotics, that the patient or the patient’s family should consult a physician to see if those antibiotics can be safely stopped,” she says. “I think it really needs to be a decision made with input from the provider. In certain circumstances taking the full course is important, and it may not be as important for some other, milder infections.” 
  
 Bacteria have developed multiple tactics to boost their resistance, depending on the infection and antibiotic involved. Some strains have learned how to expel an antibiotic before it can do any damage. Others can effectively neutralize an antibiotic by changing it in a way that makes it harmless to them. In some cases bacteria have mutated to change their outer structures so an antibiotic cannot recognize them or attach to them—rendering the drug useless. 
  
 Longer courses of antibiotics put selective pressure on bacteria in the body, which can help the microbes’ resistance grow. As a result, infectious disease experts currently try to find a balance between making sure drugs are effective at knocking out harmful bacteria while keeping the treatment duration to the bare minimum required to stamp out an infection. The Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) has changed some of its guidelines for certain medications, based on recent studies that show shorter courses suffice. But some studies indicate shortening treatment courses would leave patients vulnerable to a resurgence of infection or, in some cases, potentially result in selective growth of resistance organisms. 
  
 Existing recommendations are largely based on clinical trials, says Helen Boucher, a professor of medicine and infectious diseases at Tufts Medical Center and a spokesperson for the IDSA. “I think the spirit of this paper is very much in line with what IDSA advocates for,” Boucher says. “As part of the strategy to combat the antibiotic resistance crisis, we should think about strategies to use less drugs and use drugs for shorter duration.” The incentive to study these shorter courses needs to come from funders like the National Institutes of Health, she adds. 
  
 Llewelyn and his co-authors suggest some specific steps for the path forward. They wrote that a common practice in hospitals—a daily review of a patient’s continued need for antibiotics—must become more common in primary care as well, because that is where some 85 percent of prescriptions are written. (Many experts, including Hicks, say this recommendation is probably unrealistic due to the need to pay for follow-up visits and limitations on both doctors’ and patients’ time in an outpatient setting.) The authors also call for fundamental changes in public health and drug treatment messaging: “Public education about antibiotics should highlight the fact that antibiotic resistance is primarily the result of antibiotic overuse and is not prevented by completing a course,” they wrote. Such big changes in messaging are not yet ready for prime time, Price says. 
  
 No current guidelines suggest stopping drug treatment partway through a recommended treatment course. For example, the CDC has often said in its public materials and reports, “Take antibiotics exactly as the doctor prescribes. Do not skip doses. Complete the prescribed course of treatment, even when you start feeling better.” But the CDC and IDSA say they are continually reviewing the literature and support guidelines based on new information. 
  
 Changing standard prescribing practices will likely be challenging, the commentary’s authors acknowledge, pointing to the “finish your drugs” education in U.K. schools. “The idea is deeply embedded, and both doctors and patients currently regard failure to complete a course of antibiotics as irresponsible behavior,” they wrote. Even designing experiments to test reducing antibiotic courses remains difficult, they added, because participants are often invited to consent to receive shortened antibiotic treatment on the basis that this could reduce the risk of antibiotic resistance—yet they are “taught from school that it increases this risk.” ||||| Experts suggest patients should stop taking the drugs when they feel better rather than completing their prescription 
  
 Telling patients to stop taking antibiotics when they feel better may be preferable to instructing them to finish the course, according to a group of experts who argue that the rule long embedded in the minds of doctors and the public is wrong and should be overturned. 
  
 Patients have traditionally been told that they must complete courses of antibiotics, the theory being that taking too few tablets will allow the bacteria causing their disease to mutate and become resistant to the drug. 
  
 But Martin Llewelyn, a professor in infectious diseases at Brighton and Sussex medical school, and colleagues claim that this is not the case. In an analysis in the British Medical Journal, the experts say “the idea that stopping antibiotic treatment early encourages antibiotic resistance is not supported by evidence, while taking antibiotics for longer than necessary increases the risk of resistance”. 
  
 Without action on antibiotics, medicine will return to the dark ages | Ed Whiting Read more 
  
 There are some diseases where the bug can become resistant if the drugs are not taken for long enough. The most obvious example is tuberculosis, they say. But most of the bacteria that cause people to become ill are found on everybody’s hands in the community, causing no harm, such as E coli and Staphylococcus aureus. People fall ill only when the bug gets into the bloodstream or the gut. The longer such bacteria are exposed to antibiotics, the more likely it is that resistance will develop. 
  
 The experts say there has been too little research into the ideal length of a course of antibiotics, which also varies from one individual to the next, depending in part on what antibiotics they have taken in the past. 
  
 In hospital, patients can be tested to work out when to stop the drugs. “Outside hospital, where repeated testing may not be feasible, patients might be best advised to stop treatment when they feel better,” they say. That, they add, is in direct contravention of World Health Organisation advice. 
  
 Other experts in infectious diseases backed the group. “I have always thought it to be illogical to say that stopping antibiotic treatment early promotes the emergence of drug-resistant organisms,” said Peter Openshaw, president of the British Society for Immunology. 
  
  
  
 “This brief but authoritative review supports the idea that antibiotics may be used more sparingly, pointing out that the evidence for a long duration of therapy is, at best, tenuous. Far from being irresponsible, shortening the duration of a course of antibiotics might make antibiotic resistance less likely.” 
  
 Alison Holmes, a professor of infectious diseases at Imperial College London, said a great British authority, Prof Harold Lambert, had made the same point in a Lancet article entitled “Don’t keep taking the tablets” as early as 1999. “It remains astonishing that apart from some specific infections and conditions, we still do not know more about the optimum duration of courses or indeed doses in many conditions, yet this dogma has been pervasive and persistent.” 
  
 Jodi Lindsay, a professor of microbial pathogenesis at St George’s, University of London, said it was sensible advice. “The evidence for ‘completing the course’ is poor, and the length of the course of antibiotics has been estimated based on a fear of under-treating rather than any studies,” she said. “The evidence for shorter courses of antibiotics being equal to longer courses, in terms of cure or outcome, is generally good, although more studies would help and there are a few exceptions when longer courses are better – for example, TB.” 
  
 But the Royal College of GPs expressed concerns. “Recommended courses of antibiotics are not random,” said its chair, Prof Helen Stokes-Lampard. “They are tailored to individual conditions and in many cases, courses are quite short – for urinary tract infections, for example, three days is often enough to cure the infection. 
  
 “We are concerned about the concept of patients stopping taking their medication midway through a course once they ‘feel better’, because improvement in symptoms does not necessarily mean the infection has been completely eradicated. It’s important that patients have clear messages and the mantra to always take the full course of antibiotics is well known. Changing this will simply confuse people.” 
  
 England’s chief medical officer, Prof Dame Sally Davies, said: “The message to the public remains the same: people should always follow the advice of healthcare professionals. To update policies, we need further research to inform them. 
  
 “[The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence] is currently developing guidance for managing common infections, which will look at all available evidence on appropriate prescribing of antibiotics. 
  
 “The Department of Health will continue to review the evidence on prescribing and drug-resistant infections, as we aim to continue the great progress we have made at home and abroad on this issue.” |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?