Information:  - Cherry Ames is the central character in a series of 27 mystery novels with hospital settings published by Grosset & Dunlap between 1943 and 1968. Helen Wells (1910-1986) wrote volumes #1-7 and 17-27, and Julie Campbell Tatham (1908-1999), the creator of Trixie Belden, wrote volumes #8-16. Wells also created the Vicki Barr series. During World War II, the series encouraged girls to become nurses as a way to aid the war effort. "Cherry Ames" original editions are prized by collectors and fans. The series generated a few spin-off items, including a Parker Brothers board game; some titles have been reprinted.  - Lesbian pulp fiction is a genre of lesbian literature that refers to any mid-20th century paperback novel or pulp magazine with overtly lesbian themes and content. Lesbian pulp fiction was published in the 1950s and 60s by many of the same paperback publishing houses that other genres of fiction including westerns, romances, and detective fiction. Because very little other literature was available for and about lesbians at this time, quite often these books were the only reference the public (lesbian and otherwise) had for modeling what lesbians were. Stephanie Foote, from the University of Illinois commented on the importance of lesbian pulp novels to the lesbian identity prior to feminism: "Pulps have been understood as signs of a secret history of readers, and they have been valued because they have been read. The more they are read, the more they are valued, and the more they are read, the closer the relationship between the very act of circulation and reading and the construction of a lesbian community becomes...Characters use the reading of novels as a way to understand that they are not alone."  - Sebastian Charles Faulks CBE (born 20 April 1953) is a British novelist, journalist and broadcaster. He is best known for his historical novels set in France  "The Girl at the Lion d'Or", "Birdsong" and "Charlotte Gray". He has also published novels with a contemporary setting, most recently "A Week in December" (2009), and a James Bond continuation novel, "Devil May Care" (2008), as well as a continuation of P.G. Wodehouse's Jeeves series, "Jeeves and the Wedding Bells" (2013). He is a team captain on BBC Radio 4 literary quiz "The Write Stuff".  - An artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art, practicing the arts or demonstrating an art. The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual arts only. The term is often used in the entertainment business, especially in a business context, for musicians and other performers (less often for actors). "Artiste" (the French for artist) is a variant used in English only in this context. Use of the term to describe writers, for example, is valid, but less common, and mostly restricted to contexts like criticism.  - Sir Kingsley William Amis, CBE (16 April 1922  22 October 1995) was an English novelist, poet, critic, and teacher. He wrote more than 20 novels, six volumes of poetry, a memoir, various short stories, radio and television scripts, along with works of social and literary criticism. According to his biographer, Zachary Leader, Amis was "the finest English comic novelist of the second half of the twentieth century." He is the father of British novelist Martin Amis.  - A parody (also called a spoof, send-up, take-off, or lampoon) is a work created to imitate, make fun of, or comment on an original workits subject, author, style, or some other targetby means of satiric or ironic imitation. As the literary theorist Linda Hutcheon puts it, "parody  is imitation, not always at the expense of the parodied text." Another critic, Simon Dentith, defines parody as "any cultural practice which provides a relatively polemical allusive imitation of another cultural production or practice." Parody may be found in art or culture, including literature, music (although "parody" in music has an earlier, somewhat different meaning than for other art forms), animation, gaming, and film.  - Nancy Drew is a fictional American character in a mystery fiction series created by publisher Edward Stratemeyer. The character first appeared in 1930. The books are ghostwritten by a number of authors and published under the collective pseudonym Carolyn Keene. Over the decades, the character evolved in response to changes in US culture and tastes. The books were extensively revised and shortened, beginning in 1959, in part to lower printing costs and to eliminate racist stereotypes, with arguable success. In the revision process, the heroine's original character was changed to be less assertive and more feminine. In the 1980s, an older and more professional Nancy emerged in a new series, "The Nancy Drew Files", that included romantic subplots for the sleuth. The original "Nancy Drew Mystery Stories" series started in 1930, and ended in 2004. Launched that same year, the "Girl Detective" series features Nancy driving a hybrid electric vehicle and using a cell phone. In 2013, the "Girl Detective" series ended, and a new current series called "Nancy Drew Diaries" was launched. Illustrations of the character evolved over time to reflect contemporary styles. The character proves continuously popular worldwide: at least 80 million copies of the books have been sold, and the books have been translated into over 45 languages. Nancy Drew is featured in five films, two television shows, and a number of popular computer games; she also appears in a variety of merchandise sold around the world.  - Jeffery Deaver (born May 6, 1950) is an American mystery/crime writer. He has a bachelor of journalism degree from the University of Missouri and a law degree from Fordham University and originally started working as a journalist. He later practiced law before embarking on a successful career as a best-selling novelist. He has been awarded the Steel Dagger and Short Story Dagger from the British Crime Writers' Association and the Nero Wolfe Award, and he is a three-time recipient of the Ellery Queen Reader's Award for Best Short Story of the Year and a winner of the British Thumping Good Read Award. His novels have appeared on bestseller lists around the world, including "The New York Times", "The Times", Italy's "Corriere della Sera", "The Sydney Morning Herald", and "The Los Angeles Times".  - World War II (often abbreviated to WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945, although related conflicts began earlier. It involved the vast majority of the world's nationsincluding all of the great powerseventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries. In a state of "total war", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust (in which approximately 11 million people were killed) and the strategic bombing of industrial and population centres (in which approximately one million were killed, and which included the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki), it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.  - Charles Murray "Charlie" Higson (born 3 July 1958) is an English actor, comedian, author, and former singer. He has also written and produced for television.  - The Nancy Drew Files, or the "Nancy Drew Case Files", is a detective fiction series started in 1986 and released by Simon & Schuster, New York. It is a spin-off of the original series of novels featuring Nancy Drew, with a greater emphasis on adventure, malice and romance. All the books have been written under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. This series has been targeted at readers who are age eleven and up. With a new book released almost every month, 124 titles were released in 11 years. More than 17 million copies are in print and the books have appeared on the bestseller lists of "Publishers Weekly", B. Dalton, and Waldenbooks. In 2014, Simon & Schuster started releasing this series in eBook format.  - aRts (which stands for analog real time synthesizer) is an audio framework that is no longer under development. It was best known for previously being used in K Desktop Environment 2 and 3 to simulate an analog synthesizer.  - Mabel Maney is an artist and author from San Francisco , California known for her lesbian pulp fiction . She is the author of the Nancy Clue series , a lesbian parody of the Nancy Drew , Cherry Ames , and Hardy Boys series . More recently , she is the author of the `` Jane Bond '' novels , a series of parodies of James Bond . Mabel 's short fiction can also be found the humor anthology `` May Contain Nuts '' . Maney is famous for the quote `` For a long time I thought I wanted to be a nun . Then I realized that what I really wanted to be was a lesbian . '' Mabel was born in New Jersey . Her family moved to the midwest where she was educated and permanently scarred by dour nuns . She was one of five children in an Irish Catholic family in Appleton , Wisconsin where she worked in her family 's paper hat factory . She graduated from Ohio State University with a Bachelor 's degree in Journalism and received a Master of Fine Arts degree from San Francisco State University . Her MFA thesis explored the subtext of novels featuring 1940s heroine Nurse Cherry Ames .  - Edward L. Stratemeyer (October 4, 1862  May 10, 1930) was an American publisher and writer of children's fiction. He was one of the most prolific writers in the world, producing in excess of 1,300 books himself, selling in excess of 500 million copies. He also created many well-known fictional book series for juveniles, including The Rover Boys, The Bobbsey Twins, Tom Swift, The Hardy Boys, and Nancy Drew series, many of which sold millions of copies and are still in publication today. On Stratemeyer's legacy, "Fortune" wrote: "As oil had its Rockefeller, literature had its Stratemeyer."  - Raymond Benson (born September 6, 1955) is an American author best known for being the official author of the James Bond novels from 1997 to 2003. Benson was born in Midland, Texas and graduated from Permian High School in Odessa in 1973. In primary school Benson took an interest in the piano which would later in his life develop into an interest in composing music (mostly for theatrical productions). Benson also took part in drama at school and became the vice president of his high school's drama department, an interest that he would later pursue by directing stage productions in New York City after attending and receiving a degree in Drama ProductionDirecting from the University of Texas at Austin. Other hobbies include film history and criticism, writing, and designing computer games.  - Helen Wells (19101986) was the author of nurse Cherry Ames books, a series for young teens. She wrote volumes #1-7 and #17-27. She was also the author of the first four Vicki Barr books and possibly the last Vicki Barr book.  - Girl Detective is a series replacing the long-running Nancy Drew mysteries series, which had been running since 1930, first from Grosset & Dunlap and latterly from Simon & Schuster. Stories are written in first person narrative style with Nancy herself describing all the action, and feature updated and overhauled versions of the main Nancy Drew characters. In 2013, The series was ended and a new current series called Nancy Drew Diaries was launched.  - Ian Lancaster Fleming (28 May 1908  12 August 1964) was an English author, journalist and naval intelligence officer who is best known for his James Bond series of spy novels. Fleming came from a wealthy family connected to the merchant bank Robert Fleming & Co., and his father was the Member of Parliament for Henley from 1910 until his death on the Western Front in 1917. Educated at Eton, Sandhurst and, briefly, the universities of Munich and Geneva, Fleming moved through several jobs before he started writing.  - Julie Campbell Tatham (June 1, 1908  July 7, 1999) was a US writer of children's novels, who also wrote for adults, especially on Christian Science. As Julie Campbell she was the creator of the Trixie Belden series (she wrote the first six) and the Ginny Gordon series. As Julie Tatham she also took over the Cherry Ames series and Vicki Barr series from Helen Wells.  - Pulp magazines (often referred to as "the pulps") were inexpensive fiction magazines that were published from 1896 to the 1950s. The term "pulp" derives from the cheap wood pulp paper on which the magazines were printed; in contrast, magazines printed on higher quality paper were called "glossies" or "slicks". The typical pulp magazine had 128 pages; it was wide by high, and thick, with ragged, untrimmed edges.  - The James Bond series focuses on a fictional British Secret Service agent created in 1953 by writer Ian Fleming, who featured him in twelve novels and two short-story collections. Since Fleming's death in 1964, eight other authors have written authorised Bond novels or novelizations: Kingsley Amis, Christopher Wood, John Gardner, Raymond Benson, Sebastian Faulks, Jeffery Deaver, William Boyd and Anthony Horowitz. The latest novel is "Trigger Mortis" by Anthony Horowitz, published in September 2015. Additionally Charlie Higson wrote a series on a young James Bond, and Kate Westbrook wrote three novels based on the diaries of a recurring series character, Moneypenny.  - Anthony Horowitz, OBE (born 5 April 1955) is an English novelist and screenwriter specialising in mystery and suspense. His work for young adult readers includes "The Diamond Brothers" series, the "Alex Rider" series, and "The Power of Five" series (a.k.a. "The Gatekeepers"). His work for adults includes the novel and play "Mindgame" (2001), and two Sherlock Holmes novels "The House of Silk" (2011) and "Moriarty" (2014). He is the most recent author chosen to write a James Bond novel by the Ian Fleming estate, titled "Trigger Mortis" (2015).  - The Nancy Drew Mystery Stories was the long-running "main" "Nancy Drew" series, published between 1930 and 2003, under the pen name Carolyn Keene.  - Linda Hutcheon, FRS, O.C. (born August 24, 1947) is a Canadian academic working in the fields of literary theory and criticism, opera, and Canadian studies. She is University Professor in the Department of English and of the Centre for Comparative Literature at the University of Toronto, where she has taught since 1988. In 2000 she was elected the 117th President of the Modern Language Association, the third Canadian to hold this position, and the first Canadian woman. She is particularly known for her influential theories of postmodernism.  - Trixie Belden is the title character in a series of "girl detective" mysteries written between 1948 and 1986. The first six books were written by Julie Campbell Tatham, who also wrote the Ginny Gordon series, then continued by various in-house writers from Western Publishing under the pseudonym Kathryn Kenny. Today the rights to the series are owned by Random House. The series was out of print for a number of years, but Random House began releasing a new edition of the books in mid-2003. As of mid-2006, volumes 115 have been reissued.  - Speech is the vocalized form of communication based upon the syntactic combination of lexicals and names that are drawn from very large (usually about 1,000 different words) vocabularies. Each spoken word is created out of the phonetic combination of a limited set of vowel and consonant speech sound units (phonemes). These vocabularies, the syntax which structures them, and their sets of speech sound units differ, creating many thousands of different, and mutually unintelligible, human languages. Most human speakers are able to communicate in two or more of them, hence being polyglots. The vocal abilities that enable humans to produce speech also enable them to sing.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'mabel maney' exhibits the relationship of 'date of birth'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1  - 10  - 100  - 11  - 115  - 128  - 17  - 1896  - 1908  - 1910  - 1922  - 1930  - 1939  - 1943  - 1945  - 1947  - 1948  - 1950  - 1953  - 1958  - 1964  - 1986  - 1988  - 1995  - 1999  - 2  - 20  - 20 april 1953  - 2000  - 2001  - 2003  - 2006  - 27  - 28  - 3  - 300  - 4  - 5  - 500  - 6  - 7  - 8  - 80  - 85  - april 1953  - april 1955  - july 7
The answer to this question is: