Article:


  
 Members of the Mashco Piro tribe observe a group of travelers from across the Alto Madre de Dios river in the Manu National Park in the Amazon basin of southeastern Peru, as photographed through a bird scope in this file picture from Oct. 21, 2011. (REUTERS/Jean-Paul Van Belle) 
  
 For the first time, anthropologists working for the Peruvian government will attempt to make contact with members of a remote tribe living in the Amazon jungle. The move follows growing concerns about the behavior of the Mascho Piro people, which has included attacks and raids on neighboring communities. 
  
 South America, and in particular the vast Amazon region, is home to some of the world's last remaining "uncontacted" tribes -- indigenous communities that, for whatever reason, have managed to exist almost entirely outside the purview of the nation-states in which they technically live. Experts fear a whole slew of risks that may follow should these tribes come into full contact with the outside world, from exploitation by rapacious mining and logging companies to the devastating transfer of pathogens to which they have no immunity. 
  
 In recent decades, some governments have taken a protective stance, working to shield these communities from outside contact mostly because of the health risks involved. After all, some estimates suggest contact with outside diseases killed up to 100 million indigenous people following the European arrival in the Americas. 
  
 Peru bars contact with about a dozen "uncontacted" Amazonian tribes living within its borders, a positive departure from an earlier time when the government would not even recognize their existence. Brazil has its own federal agency responsible for indigenous peoples. In 2011, it allowed cameras to document unprecedented aerial footage of its observations over the jungle. 
  
 Rights groups and activists have long campaigned in the defense and protection of indigenous lands in the Amazon, fighting against the predatory interests of oil companies as well as a tragic history of violence that saw tribal peoples victim to generations of settlers, loggers, and traffickers. 
  
 Survival International, which campaigns for the rights of tribal and indigenous communities worldwide, says that Peru and Brazil are not doing enough to safeguard these "uncontacted" tribes. Last year, the organization warned against tourists carrying out "human safaris" near Mascho Piro land. 
  
 Jeffrey Kluger, Time magazine's science editor, recently recounted a study in Science magazine that detailed the challenges and ethics of how to treat "uncontacted" tribes. This included this chilling anecdote of how vulnerable some of these tribes are to outside contact: 
  
 Goods that go from body to body should be entirely off-limits. [Journalist Andrew] Lawler spoke to Peruvian villager Marcel Pinedo Cecilio, 69, who was born in the forest but later emerged. Cecilio recalls his first contact with an outsider—thought to have been an ethnographer and photographer—who left the villagers with a gift of a fishbone necklace. Shortly thereafter, much of the tribe came down with a sore throat and fever and 200 of them died. In the 1980s, up to 400 Peruvian villagers died from passing contact with crews of Shell oil company workers. 
  
 As a result, the current investigation into the Mashco Piro tribe in Peru has earned its concerned critics. 
  
 "Authorities should restrict boat transit and keep people from approaching," Klaus Quicque, president of FENAMAD, a regional indigenous federation in Peru, told Reuters. 
  
 The urgency of the contact was spurred by an incident in May, when some members of the tribe attacked another local community, killing a young man with an arrow. The officials enlisted to make contact will engage the tribe through interpreters who speak the Yine language, which they believe shares similarities to the tongue spoken by the Mashco Piro people. 
  
 In 2013, the Mashco Piro earned global attention when dozens of members of the tribe appeared on the banks of Amazonian tributary near a small Yine town, and demanded rope, machetes and bananas. FENAMAD rangers stationed there dissuaded them from crossing the river, but the standoff was tense, with some of the men from the tribe carrying bows and long wooden lances. 
  
 Nearby villagers, Christian missionaries and the occasional tourist have all reported meeting Mashco Piro people. 
  
 "We can no longer pretend they aren't trying to make some sort of contact," Luis Felipe Torres, a Peruvian official working on state tribal affairs, told Reuters. "They have a right to that, too." 
  
 Experts say the phrase "uncontacted" is something of a misnomer, given that all communities on the planet are aware of their neighbors and have some sense of the wider world outside their homes. 
  
 "People have this romanticized view that isolated tribes have chosen to keep away from the modern, evil world," said Kim Hill, an anthropologist at Arizona State University, in an interview with the BBC last year. But that's rarely the case. 
  
 "There is no such thing as a group that remains in isolation because they think it’s cool to not have contact with anyone else on the planet," said Hill. 
  
 Writing in Science magazine last month, Hill and colleague Robert Walker reiterated this point, suggesting that many of South America's "uncontacted" communities had "chosen isolation out of fear of being killed or enslaved" and that, like most human beings living in constrained circumstances, "they also wanted outside goods and innovations and positive social interactions with neighbors." 
  
 The academics suggested the best path forward is a policy of "controlled contact" with these communities, carefully managed to avoid the spread of disease, but also enable the building of trust and providing aid and medical help if needed. The current Peruvian mission may serve a test case for this sort of endeavor. ||||| The Peruvian government plans to make its first contact with the Mashco Piro, an isolated tribe that live in the Amazon rainforest. 
  
 Reaching out to "uncontacted" tribes is controversial, particularly because isolated tribes lack immunity to common diseases, which can quickly turn deadly. But officials say they need to contact the Mashco Piro because the group has recently been emerging from the forest, and have had contact with villagers, tourists and missionaries. 
  
 In September 2014, for example, the advocacy group Survival International reported that Adventist missionaries had left food and clothes for the tribe near the border of Manu National Park. Gestures like this have spread diseases to uncontacted people in the past, causing epidemics. 
  
 Tour companies also advertise "human safaris," promising glimpses of Mashco Piro tribespeople along riverbanks. [See Photos of the Uncontacted Amazon Tribes] 
  
 As a result of these largely unplanned, uncontrolled contacts, some anthropologists argue for deliberate contact with isolated peoples. (Most uncontacted tribes do have limited interactions with their neighbors and are aware of the outside world, but choose to maintain an isolated and nomadic lifestyle in the forest.) 
  
 "Unless protection efforts against external threats and accidental encounters are drastically increased, the chances that these tribes will survive are slim," anthropologists Robert Walker of the University of Missouri and Kim Hill of Arizona State University wrote in an editorial in the journal Science in June. 
  
 Controlled contact — with medical treatment available for inevitable disease transmission — is safer, Hill and Walker argued. 
  
 "A well-designed contact can be quite safe, compared to the disastrous outcomes from accidental contacts," they wrote. "But safe contact requires a qualified team of cultural translators and health care professionals that is committed to staying on site for more than a year." 
  
 Organizations such as Survival International strongly oppose contact, arguing instead for strict protections of native land. Given activities such as illegal logging and drug trafficking, however, those protections can be hard to enforce. 
  
 The Mashco Piro have been making their own forms of contact, according to Reuters. Members of the tribe attacked a settlement of the Machiguenga tribe in May 2015, killing one man. Another clash in 2011 between locals and the tribe reportedly left one dead and a park ranger injured. Two groups of uncontacted Peruvians approached Brazilian authorities in July and August 2014, saying they had been attacked by non-Indians, possibly drug runners or illegal loggers. 
  
 Peruvian policy usually calls for leaving isolated tribes alone, but these incidents have led to an exception. The goal of the planned contact is to find out why the Mashco Piro have been emerging from the forest more frequently, in hopes of preventing more clashes. 
  
 "In 2014, there were 70 sightings of Mashco Piro on the beaches of the river," Patricia Balbuena, the deputy minister of multiculturalism in Peru, told the newspaper El Comercio. In 2015, she said, there have already been five raids on local communities by the group. 
  
 Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science. ||||| Science 
  
 Vol. 348 no. 6239 p. 1061 
  
 DOI: 10.1126/science.aac6540 
  
 EDITORIAL: 
  
 Protecting isolated tribes 
  
 PHOTO: UNIVERSITY OF MISSOURI 
  
 PHOTO: ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
  
 There are about 50 isolated indigenous societies across lowland South America, with limited to no contact with the outside world. Despite displacements, epidemics, and hostile interactions with outsiders, such tribes still manage to survive. How can we ensure the well-being of humanity's last known isolated peoples under such enormous and mounting pressure from external threats? 
  
 Generally, the current policy of governments, primarily those of Brazil and Peru, and supported by the United Nations, is a “leave them alone” strategy. There are two implicit assumptions in a no-contact approach, however: that isolated populations are viable in the long term, and that they would choose isolation if they had full information (i.e., if they were aware that contact would not lead to massacre and enslavement). The first assumption is unlikely. Ethnohistorical accounts reveal the real risk of severe depopulation or extinction during intermittent hostile and sporadic interaction with the outside world. Miners, loggers, and hunters penetrate into the homelands of isolated tribes despite government “protection.” Unless protection efforts against external threats and accidental encounters are drastically increased, the chances that these tribes will survive are slim. Disease epidemics, compounded by demographic variability and inbreeding effects, makes the disappearance of small, isolated groups very probable in the near future. The second assumption is also unlikely. Interviews indicate that contacted groups had mainly chosen isolation out of fear of being killed or enslaved, but they also wanted outside goods and innovations and positive social interactions with neighbors. 
  
 “Controlled contact with isolated peoples is a better option than a no-contact policy.” PHOTO: © SPLASH NEWS/CORBIS 
  
 Controlled contact with isolated peoples is a better option than a no-contact policy. This means that governments should initiate contact only after conceiving a well-organized plan. In the past, there have been many poorly planned contacts with isolated Amazonian tribes by both missionaries and government agencies. The absence of health care professionals and health monitoring led to many deaths of these vulnerable peoples. One of us (K.R.H.) was on site within weeks of the first peaceful contacts with Aché, Yora, Mascho-Piro, and Matsiguenga communities in Paraguay and Peru when they were extremely isolated and suffering from new contact-related epidemics (from the late 1970s to mid-1980s), even though intermittent contact (mostly accidental) had occurred for 25 years. The most important lesson learned from these experiences is that mortality can be reduced to near zero if the contact team is prepared to provide sustained, around-the-clock medical treatment, as well as food. A well-designed contact can be quite safe, compared to the disastrous outcomes from accidental contacts. But safe contact requires a qualified team of cultural translators and health care professionals that is committed to staying on site for more than a year. For example, foreign missionaries provided great care for the Yora for up to 6 months, but when they decided to take a furlough, dozens of Yora died within a few weeks. Similarly, in 1975, missionaries provided care to an Aché community for a year, but when they took a vacation, many Aché died. Fortunately, there have been some success stories such as a 1978 contact with a band of Northern Aché. Missionaries and anthropologists treated them with antibiotics when primary respiratory infections progressed to pneumonia. They also provided food to the sick. 
  
 Given that isolated populations are not viable in the long term, well-organized contacts are today both humane and ethical. We know that soon after peaceful contact with the outside world, surviving indigenous populations rebound quickly from population crashes, ,with growth rates over 3% per year. Once a sustained peaceful contact occurs, it becomes much easier to protect native rights than it otherwise would be for isolated populations. Leaving groups isolated, yet still exposed to dangerous and uncontrolled interactions with the outside world, is a violation of governmental responsibility. By refusing authorized, well-planned contacts, governments are simply guaranteeing that accidental and disastrous contacts will take place instead. ||||| LIMA (Reuters) - Peru will try to make contact for the first time with an Amazonian tribe that largely lives isolated in the jungle, part of a bid to ease tensions with nearby villages after a bow-and-arrow attack in May, authorities said on Tuesday. 
  
 Members of the Mashco-Piro tribe observe a group of travelers from across the Alto Madre de Dios river in the Manu National Park in the Amazon basin of southeastern Peru, as photographed through a bird scope October 21, 2011. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Van Belle 
  
 Government anthropologists will try to talk with a clan of Mashco Piro Indians to understand why they have been emerging from the forest, said deputy culture minister Patricia Balbuena. 
  
 In recent years the Mashco Piro have increasingly been spotted seeking machetes and food outside their jungle enclaves in the Manu National Park in southeastern Peru. 
  
 Villagers, Christian proselytizers and tourists have all interacted with the tribe, often giving them clothes and food. 
  
 “The only ones who haven’t been in contact with them are representatives of the state!” said Balbuena. 
  
 Peru prohibits contact with the Mashco Piro and another dozen “uncontacted” tribes, mainly because their immune systems carry little resistance to common illnesses. 
  
 Authorities have said they cannot keep people from defying the contact ban because no penalty is attached. 
  
 Indigenous group FENAMAD warned that the decision to contact the Mashco Piro could legitimize the kind of unwanted interactions that have decimated isolated tribes in the past. 
  
 “Authorities should restrict boat transit and keep people from approaching,” said FENAMAD president Klaus Quicque. 
  
 Luis Felipe Torres, the head of the state isolated tribes team, said the government will not forcibly contact the Mashco Piro or try to change their nomadic lifestyle. 
  
 “But we can no longer pretend they aren’t trying to make some sort of contact,” Torres said. “They have a right to that, too.” 
  
 The Mashco Piro have historically rejected outsiders, surviving enslavement during Peru’s bloody rubber boom in the late 1800s and later rebuffing missionaries. 
  
 But in the past year, the Mashco Piro have appeared in populated areas more than 100 times, especially along the banks of a river where they gesture to passersby, said Balbuena. 
  
 Not all interactions with outsiders have been peaceful. 
  
 In May, a group of Mashco Piro attacked the native Machiguenga community of Shipetiari, killing a young man with an arrow. 
  
 In 2011 the Mashco Piro killed another local man and wounded a park ranger with arrows. 
  
 Using interpreters of Yine, a native language similar to the Mashco Piro tongue, the government hopes to prevent future clashes, Balbuena said. 
  
 A team of doctors six hours upriver would treat the tribe if disease breaks out, Balbuena said. |||||
What is a summary?