Summarize this article:

In her heart, she’s still a misunderstood black woman. 
  
 Rachel Dolezal — who convincingly passed as an African-American civil rights activist in Spokane, Washington, until her inarguably Caucasian parents outed her as white in 2015 — is now stepping back into the spotlight in all her bottle-bronzed, afro-hair-extensioned glory. 
  
 Dolezal has penned a memoir in which she compares her travails to slavery and describes her harrowing childhood as a pale, blond girl growing up poor on the side of a Montana mountain. 
  
 As she toiled in the garden for her strict, Evangelical parents, she’d dream of freeing her inner blackness, Dolezal writes in “In Full Color: Finding My Place in a Black and White World.” 
  
 See, she’d read her grandmother’s National Geographic magazines. So she knew about blackness. 
  
 “I’d stir the water from the hose into the earth … and make thin, soupy mud, which I would then rub on my hands, arms, feet, and legs,” Dolezal writes. 
  
 “I would pretend to be a dark-skinned princess in the Sahara Desert or one of the Bantu women living in the Congo … imagining I was a different person living in a different place was one of the few ways … that I could escape the oppressive environment I was raised in.” 
  
 She was so poor, she wore dog-fur clothing and played ball with freshly butchered chicken heads, she writes. 
  
 Blessed freedom would come. 
  
 But first, she had to survive her parents’ beatings, her brother’s molestation and her own wheat-pale skin and hair. 
  
 Was Dolezal really assaulted by her brother? Did her parents really force her to eat her own vomit, and was she really born in a teepee? 
  
 With so much of her life a blatant fiction, it’s hard to be sure — but it all sure makes for fascinating reading. 
  
 Who knew, for example, that Dolezal is a bisexual who suffers from PTSD? 
  
 On a brisk November morning in 1977, Rachel Anne Dolezal came kicking and screaming into a “painfully white world” she’d eventually grow to despise and discard. 
  
 It may or may not have been in a teepee, but Jesus Christ was indeed listed as the witness on her birth certificate — Dolezal includes a photo of the document in her book. 
  
 Life in the rural Northwest, near the banks of the Kootenai River, was bleak for a young Dolezal. 
  
 ‘I usually picked a brown crayon rather than a peach one. Peach simply didn’t resonate with me.’ 
  
 She claims she wore clothes made from dog fur and elk antlers and for fun, she and her brother Josh would play “chicken head baseball”— propelling freshly butchered chicken heads across their yard with a metal bat. 
  
 Her family was a pack of “Jesus freaks” — religious fanatics who didn’t allow television and would beat her with a paddle for infractions as small as breaking a dish. 
  
 Her dad often walked around the house nude, his penis an unfortunate, frequent sight. 
  
 She claims she was once forced to eat her own vomit after she couldn’t finish a bowl of oatmeal. And that her own brother molested her when she was 12 — pinning her down and sucking on her nipples one harrowing afternoon after a day of picking huckleberries. 
  
 She felt black for as long as she could remember, she writes. When drawing a self-portrait, she drew a “brown-skinned girl with black curly braids.” 
  
 “I usually picked a brown crayon rather than a peach one. Peach simply didn’t resonate with me,” Dolezal claimed. 
  
 With platinum blond hair, sea-foam eyes and patches of freckles splayed across her fair skin, Dolezal was everything but black. 
  
 She didn’t even meet a black person until she was 10. 
  
 Still, “the feeling that I was somehow different from [my family] persisted. I felt black and saw myself as black.” 
  
 When Dolezal’s parents adopted four black children — solely for the tax deductions, she writes — she took on a maternal role and grew extremely close to her new siblings. 
  
 “I found myself drawing closer to something that felt oddly familiar,” she writes. 
  
 “For the first time in my life, I felt like I was truly part of a family.” 
  
 Dolezal started to teach her siblings about black culture and history and “a funny thing happened. I began to feel even more connected to it myself.” 
  
 She became enamored with black culture and history and her artwork almost exclusively featured African-American depictions. 
  
 When she was 17, she had the opportunity to travel to Washington, DC, during summer break and work for a family friend’s fine-art greeting card company. 
  
 She complained the job consisted mostly of being a nanny and a cook. 
  
 Thankfully, she writes, the autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman, a famous slave who lived through emancipation, provided her with “much needed solace.” 
  
 “I could still relate to aspects of her struggle. I certainly wasn’t enslaved … but it wouldn’t have been too much of a stretch to call me an indentured servant,” Dolezal claims. 
  
 “Miss Pittman’s plight and her perseverance resonated with me. I knew what it was like to be a child and have to work as hard as an adult, and how it felt to be used and abused. 
  
 “I also understood the pain that comes from being treated like less than a full human being … and the fortitude required to fight this sort of injustice.” 
  
 Dolezal escaped rural Montana for a small college in Jackson, Mississippi, and her inner blackness flourished. 
  
 She “was soon living something of a double life.” 
  
 She spent her week living on campus with a blond, blue-eyed ballet dancer roommate and her weekends attending an all-black church. 
  
 “As I got more involved with the [Black Student Association], campus activism, and my artwork, the more Afrocentric my appearance became,” Dolezal wrote. 
  
 She started wearing her hair in box braids and sporting brightly colored dashikis. People started to question. 
  
 “Most people didn’t know what to make of me. ‘So what are you?’ I was asked all too often,” Dolezal wrote. 
  
 “It became easier for me to let them make assumptions about me. I noticed how much more relaxed and comfortable Black people who assumed I was Black were around me.” 
  
 She moved to the “poor Black side” of town and started to be treated “as a member of the community.” 
  
 “I would laugh at jokes told at the expense of white people and lodge some pretty fierce critiques about white culture myself,” Dolezal wrote. 
  
 “I felt less like I was adopting a new identity and more like I was unveiling one that had been there all along. Finally able to embrace my true self, I allowed the little girl I’d colored with a brown crayon so long ago to emerge.” 
  
 And emerge it did. For a brief time, at least. 
  
 Ironically, her new black husband, whom she met in Mississippi, wanted her to look as white as possible. 
  
 She said re-crossing the color line was as easy as “untwisting my braids” and “staying out of the sun,” so at her husband’s request, she did just that, quietly turning back into a white woman. 
  
 see also Rachel Dolezal is back in the spotlight and regrets nothing Rachel Dolezal made a desperate bid to stay relevant Tuesday,... 
  
 But clearly, this was a U-turn, a wrong-way detour from her true path. 
  
 She eventually left her husband and moved in with an uncle in a lake town in Idaho. 
  
 During that time, she was diagnosed with PTSD, explored her bisexuality and “once again embraced my inclination toward Black aesthetics.” 
  
 When people assumed she was black, she “made no effort to set them straight.” 
  
 “For the first time in my life, I was truly owning who I was: a woman who was free, self-reliant, and, yes, Black.” 
  
 As a professor at North Idaho College and Eastern Washington University, and a director of the local Human Rights Education Institute, she began what she calls the happiest and most fulfilling time of her life. 
  
 “I was a Black-Is-Beautiful, Black liberation movement, fully conscious, woke soul sista,” she writes. 
  
 “Finally allowed to bloom, I blossomed fast.” 
  
 Now all she needed was to grow her very own black family. She already had Franklin, 7, her mixed-race child from marriage. 
  
 But when Dolezal’s now-teenage adopted brother Izaiah asked to live with her — so as to escape the beatings and deprivations of the Montana farm — she leaped at the chance. 
  
 People would notice the difference in her sons’ skin tones and ask if they had different dads. Dolezal would explain, “yes, Izaiah looks like his dad and Franklin looks like me.” 
  
 She wrote it was technically a “true statement” and was “a clever way of telling the truth without spelling out all the details.” 
  
 She called it “creative nonfiction.” 
  
 After Izaiah moved in, Dolezal said she never wore her hair “unaltered” in public. 
  
 “I consciously maintained some warmth of color in my skin … through sunbathing or bronzer sprays. I’d already been identified by the media and other people as Black or biracial countless times, so it wasn’t hard for me to go one step further and fully commit to a look that made visual sense to people who knew me as Izaiah’s mom.” 
  
 In 2014 she became president of the Spokane chapter of the NAACP, just across the Idaho border in Washington state. 
  
 Dolezal distanced herself from people who knew her as a child and “made an entirely new set of friends and connections.” 
  
 Then, on June 11, 2015, everything changed. 
  
 Dolezal made a never-substantiated claim of receiving a series of racial threats in the NAACP chapter’s mailbox. Local reporters began to dig, eventually contacting her parents in Montana. 
  
 Dolezal lost every job she had, almost all of her friends and within a couple of days, her life was unrecognizable. At some points, she contemplated suicide and “might have actually done it” if it wasn’t for her family. 
  
 Today, Dolezal remains “unapologetically Black” and insists race is a social construct with no biological origins. 
  
 “For me, Blackness is more than a set of racialized physical features. It involves acknowledging our common human ancestry with roots in Africa,” Dolezal explains in the epilogue of her memoir. 
  
 She said she wasn’t just “masquerading” as a black woman — it was part of her identity. 
  
 “Just as a transgender person might be born male but identify as female, I wasn’t pretending to be something I wasn’t but expressing something I already was. I wasn’t passing as Black; I was Black, and there was no going back.” ||||| In Full Color has its' good parts, but I am not convinced they outweigh the bad and the ugly. I originally gave this book 5 stars because the intro and first chapter were excellent, but later I changed the rating to three stars. Unfortunately, as I continued, I started to get annoyed by Dolezal's incessant whining, complaining, and drama. The first example is her account of being forced to eat organic oatmeal, which is used to justify vomiting, demonizing her parents, and obsessing over not having access to cold cereal like Cap'n Crunch or Fruit Loops. This is quickly followed by anemic and emotionally distant descriptions of giants including Dr. Chester Pierce, James Baldwin, Angela Davis, and other cultural icons. Then is the labeling of her family as "trans-racial" - which is a misnomer, as it is "multi-racial". SHE, not her family, made the decision to be trans-racial which shares the same logic as being transgender. Here the individual expresses their racial or gender identity in the manner they choose. Typically the appropriated identity is different than what was assigned at birth. Understandably, Rachel desperately wants membership in a vibrant community and to have a set of parents other than the one to which she was born. She is searching for purpose and belonging. Given her childhood, I completely appreciate this need. However, I can't help but recognize patterns of deceitful behaviors she shares with her parents. A strange choice of co-author "Storms Reback" fails to help Dolezal articulate a unique story which was an opportunity to unfold the complex layers of identity psychology and internalized/externalized racism. The editor should have removed or modified much of the narrative that makes the reader less empathic to her experience. With the recent release of the Netflix documentary "The Rachel Divide" and current news about her scamming the welfare system, the book almost seems sensationalized. While we should have the freedom to identify in any way we choose, there are so many contradictions in her story and thinking, that I am left to feel that she would benefit from focusing her energy on rebuilding her emotional and psychological well-being. I hope that writing this book provides a starting point for her own self-therapy. ||||| In this March 20, 2017 photo, Rachel Dolezal poses for a photo with her son, Langston in the bureau of the Associated Press in Spokane, Wash. Dolezal, who has legally changed her name to Nkechi Amare... (Associated Press) 
  
 SPOKANE, Wash. (AP) — A woman who rose to prominence as a black civil rights leader then lost her job when her parents exposed her as white is struggling to make a living these days. 
  
 Rachel Dolezal said she has been unable to find steady work in the nearly two years since she was outed as a white woman in local media reports, and she is uncertain about her future. 
  
 "I was presented as a con and a fraud and a liar," Dolezal, 40, told The Associated Press this week. "I think some of the treatment was pretty cruel." 
  
 She still identifies as black, and looks black, despite being "Caucasian biologically." 
  
 "People didn't seem able to consider that maybe both were true," she said. "OK, I was born to white parents, but maybe I had an authentic black identity." 
  
 Dolezal had blond hair and freckles while growing up near Troy, Montana, with religious parents. She says she began to change her perspective as a teenager, after her parents adopted four black children. Dolezal decided to become publicly black years later, after getting divorced. 
  
 The ruse worked for years until 2015 when her parents, with whom she has long feuded, told local reporters their daughter was born white but was presenting herself as a black activist in the Spokane region, an area with few minorities. 
  
 The story became an international sensation, and Dolezal lost the various jobs by which she pieced together a modest living for her family. 
  
 Attacked by both blacks and whites, she was fired as head of the Spokane chapter of the NAACP and kicked off a police ombudsman commission, and she lost her job teaching African studies at Eastern Washington University in nearby Cheney. 
  
 Despite failing to find a job, Dolezal says she has to stay in the area because of a custody agreement involving one of her sons. 
  
 She has sold some of her artwork, and also braids hair to earn money. But she said local colleges have refused to hire her, as have nonprofits, government agencies and even local grocery stores. 
  
 She was worried she might become homeless in March, but friends bought some of her artwork, which provided enough money to pay the rent for a few months. 
  
 Dolezal has written a book about her ordeal, scheduled to be published next week. The book, called "In Full Color," features a cover photo of the author with the darkened skin and frizzy hair that allowed her for years to pass as a light-skinned black person. 
  
 Dolezal last year legally changed her name to Nkechi Amare Diallo, a west African moniker that means "gift from the gods." She changed her name in part to give her a better chance of landing work from employers who might not be interested in hiring the controversial Rachel Dolezal, a name she still intends to use as her public persona. 
  
 "Maybe if I applied with a new name, people would see me for the qualifications and expertise on my resume, and not toss my application in the trash based on my name," she said. 
  
 The local chapter of the NAACP was not interested in commenting on Dolezal. 
  
 "We moved on long ago," the organization said in an email. 
  
 Dolezal is the mother of two sons, ages 15 and 1, and also raised a stepbrother who is now 21 and a college student. 
  
 One of the reasons she wrote a book was to "settle the score." 
  
 "People might as well know the whole truth of my life story,'" she said. "My life is not a sound bite." 
  
 Race, she believes, is a "social construct" used to pigeonhole people. 
  
 "I unapologetically stand on the black side," she said. "Blackness better defines who I am philosophically and socially than whiteness does." 
  
 Dolezal said it is hard for her to look toward the future when she is struggling so hard to survive the present. 
  
 "I want to provide for my kids," she said. "I want to get back to activism. I'm no less committed to that work." |||||

Summary: