Please answer the following question: Information:  - Marvel Comics is the common name and primary imprint of Marvel Worldwide Inc., formerly Marvel Publishing, Inc. and Marvel Comics Group, an American publisher of comic books and related media. In 2009, The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment, Marvel Worldwide's parent company.  - Ultimate X-Men is a superhero comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics from 2001 to 2009. The series is a modernized re-imagining of Marvel's long-running X-Men comic book franchise as part of its Ultimate Marvel imprint. The Ultimate X-Men exist alongside other revamped Marvel characters in Ultimate Marvel titles including "Ultimate Spider-Man", "Ultimate Fantastic Four", and "The Ultimates".  - Ultimate Fantastic Four is a superhero comic book series published by Marvel Comics. The series is a modernized re-imagining of Marvel's long-running "Fantastic Four" comic book franchise as part of its Ultimate Marvel imprint. The Ultimate Fantastic Four team exists alongside other revamped Marvel characters in Ultimate Marvel titles including Ultimate Spider-Man, Ultimate X-Men, and The Ultimates.  - Ultimate Marvel, later known as Ultimate Comics, was an imprint of comic books published by Marvel Comics, featuring re-imagined and updated versions of the company's superhero characters from the Ultimate Universe. Those characters include Spider-Man, the X-Men, the Avengers and the Fantastic Four. The imprint was launched in 2000 with the publication of the series "Ultimate Spider-Man" and "Ultimate X-Men", providing new original stories for the characters. The Marvel Multiverse, which comprises an infinite number of galaxies and alternate universes, calls this universe Earth-1610.   - Ultimate Spider-Man is a superhero comic book series that was published by Marvel Comics from 2000 to 2009. The series is a modernized re-imagining of Marvel's long-running Spider-Man comic book franchise as part of its Ultimate Marvel imprint. Ultimate Spider-Man exists alongside other revamped Marvel characters in Ultimate Marvel titles including "Ultimate X-Men", "Ultimate Fantastic Four", and "The Ultimates".  - In modern popular fiction, a superhero (sometimes rendered super-hero or super hero) is a type of costumed heroic character who possesses supernatural or superhuman powers and who is dedicated to fighting crime, protecting the public, and usually battling supervillains. A female superhero is sometimes called a superheroine (also rendered super-heroine or super heroine). Fiction centered on such characters, especially in American comic books since the 1930s, is known as superhero fiction.  - A comic book or comicbook, also called comic magazine or simply comic, is a publication that consists of comic art in the form of sequential juxtaposed panels that represent individual scenes. Panels are often accompanied by brief descriptive prose and written narrative, usually dialog contained in word balloons emblematic of the comics art form. Although some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s. The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics. The term "comic book" derives from American comic books once being a compilation of comic strips of a humorous tone; however, this practice was replaced by featuring stories of all genres, usually not humorous in tone.  - Ultimate Marvel Team-Up is a comic book series, published by Marvel Comics which ran for 16 issues, including a concluding "Ultimate Spider-Man Super Special". It is set in one of Marvel's shared universes, the Ultimate Universe. The whole series starred Spider-Man teaming up with another superhero each issue. The series was written by Brian Michael Bendis, with each arc drawn by a different artist.  - A shared universe or shared world is a set of creative works where more than one writer (or other artist) independently contributes a work that can stand alone but fits into the joint development of the storyline, characters, or world of the overall project. It is common in genres like science fiction.  - The 51st State (also known as Formula 51) is a 2001 British action comedy film directed by Ronny Yu, written by Stel Pavlou, and starring Samuel L. Jackson, Robert Carlyle, Emily Mortimer, Ricky Tomlinson, Sean Pertwee, Rhys Ifans, and Meat Loaf. The film follows the story of an American master chemist (Jackson) who heads to Britain to sell his formula for a powerful new drug. All does not go as planned and the chemist soon becomes entangled in a web of deceit.  - Die Hard with a Vengeance is a 1995 American action film and the third in the "Die Hard" film series. It was co-produced and directed by John McTiernan (who directed "Die Hard"), written by Jonathan Hensleigh, and stars Bruce Willis as New York City Police Department Lieutenant John McClane, Samuel L. Jackson as McClane's reluctant partner Zeus Carver, and Jeremy Irons as Simon Peter Gruber. It was released on May 19, 1995, five years after "Die Hard 2", becoming the highest-grossing film at the worldwide box-office that year, but received mixed reviews. It was followed by "Live Free or Die Hard" and "A Good Day to Die Hard" in 2007 and 2013, respectively.  - Director Nicholas Joseph `` Nick '' Fury is a fictional character appearing in comic books published by Marvel Comics ' Ultimate Marvel section as a different version of Nick Fury . He has a substantial presence in all the Ultimate Marvel comics , appearing first in Ultimate Marvel Team - Up and Ultimate X-Men and later reappearing regularly in Ultimate Spider - Man and finally securing a regular , recurring role as the general of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the leader of the Ultimates , a re-imagining of the Avengers . His character was redesigned to look like Samuel L. Jackson , the actor who later went on to portray Nick Fury in several Marvel movies and television shows set in the established Marvel Cinematic Universe .  - The X-Men is a fictional team of superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby, the characters first appeared in "The X-Men" #1 (September 1963). They are among the most recognizable and successful intellectual properties of Marvel Comics, appearing in numerous books, television shows, films, and video games.  - Mark Millar (born 24 December 1969) is a Scottish comic book writer, known for his work on "The Authority", "The Ultimates", "Marvel Knights Spider-Man", "Ultimate Fantastic Four", "Civil War", "The Secret Service", "Wanted", "Chrononauts", "Superior" and "Kick-Ass", the latter six of which have been, or will be, adapted into feature films.  - The Ultimates is a group of superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The team was created by writer Mark Millar and artist Bryan Hitch, and first appeared in "The Ultimates" #1 (March 2002), as part of the company's Ultimate Marvel imprint. The team is a modern reimagining of the superhero team the "Avengers".  - The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California. It is the world's second largest media conglomerate in terms of revenue, after Comcast. Disney was founded on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio, and established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and theme parks. The company also operated under the names The Walt Disney Studio, then Walt Disney Productions. Taking on its current name in 1986, it expanded its existing operations and also started divisions focused upon theater, radio, music, publishing, and online media.  - World War II (often abbreviated to WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945, although related conflicts began earlier. It involved the vast majority of the world's nationsincluding all of the great powerseventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries. In a state of "total war", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust (in which approximately 11 million people were killed) and the strategic bombing of industrial and population centres (in which approximately one million were killed, and which included the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki), it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.  - Samuel Leroy Jackson (born December 21, 1948) is an American actor and film producer. He achieved prominence and critical acclaim in the early 1990s with films such as "Jungle Fever" (1991), "Patriot Games" (1992), "Amos & Andrew" (1993), "True Romance" (1993), "Jurassic Park" (1993) and his collaborations with director Quentin Tarantino including "Pulp Fiction" (1994), "Jackie Brown" (1997), "Django Unchained" (2012), and "The Hateful Eight" (2015). He is a highly prolific actor, having appeared in over 100 films, including "Die Hard with a Vengeance" (1995), "Unbreakable" (2000), "Shaft" (2000), "The 51st State" (2001), "Black Snake Moan" (2006), "Snakes on a Plane" (2006), and the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy (19992005), as well as the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  - Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos are a fictional World War II unit appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, they first appeared in "Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos" #1 (cover dated May 1963). The main character, Sgt. Nick Fury, later became the leader of Marvel's super-spy agency, S.H.I.E.L.D.  - Brian Michael Bendis (born August 18, 1967) is an American comic book writer and former artist. He has won critical acclaim, including five Eisner Awards for both his creator-owned work and his work on various Marvel Comics books.  - Snakes on a Plane is a 2006 American action thriller film directed by David R. Ellis and starring Samuel L. Jackson. It was released by New Line Cinema on August 18, 2006, in North America. The film was written by David Dalessandro, John Heffernan, and Sheldon Turner and follows the events of hundreds of snakes being released on a passenger plane in an attempt to kill a trial witness.  - Stan Lee (born Stanley Martin Lieber, December 28, 1922) is an American comic-book writer, editor, publisher, media producer, television host, actor, and former president and chairman of Marvel Comics. In collaboration with several artists, including Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, he created Spider-Man, the Hulk, Doctor Strange, the Fantastic Four, Iron Man, Daredevil, Thor, the X-Men, and many other fictional characters, introducing a thoroughly shared universe into superhero comic books. In addition, he challenged the comics' industry's censorship organization, the Comics Code Authority, forcing it to reform its policies. Lee subsequently led the expansion of Marvel Comics from a small division of a publishing house to a large multimedia corporation.  - The Fantastic Four is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The group debuted in "The Fantastic Four" #1 (cover dated Nov. 1961), which helped to usher in a new level of realism in the medium. The Fantastic Four was the first superhero team created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist/co-plotter Jack Kirby, who developed a collaborative approach to creating comics with this title that they would use from then on.  - Colonel Nicholas Joseph "Nick" Fury is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer/artist Jack Kirby and writer Stan Lee, Fury first appeared in "Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos" #1 (May 1963), a World War II combat series that portrayed the cigar-chomping Fury as leader of an elite U.S. Army unit. A popular character over a number of decades, in 2011, Fury was ranked 33rd in IGN's Top 100 Comic Book Heroes, and 32nd in their list of "The Top 50 Avengers". He has sometimes been considered an antihero.  - Star Wars is an American epic space opera franchise, centered on a film series created by George Lucas. It depicts the adventures of various characters "a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away".  - Marvel Entertainment, LLC (formerly Marvel Enterprises and Toy Biz, Inc. and marketed and stylized as MARVEL) is an American entertainment company founded in June 1998, merging Marvel Entertainment Group, Inc. and ToyBiz. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, and is mainly known for its Marvel Comics, Marvel Animation and Marvel Television units. Marvel Studios, formerly under the "Marvel" umbrella, became a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Studios, where it develops and produces a shared universe that shares continuity with shows produced by the television unit.  - Spider-Man is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and writer-artist Steve Ditko, and first appeared in the anthology comic book "Amazing Fantasy" #15 (Aug. 1962) in the Silver Age of Comic Books. Lee and Ditko conceived the character as an orphan being raised by his Aunt May and Uncle Ben, and as a teenager, having to deal with the normal struggles of adolescence in addition to those of a costumed crime-fighter. Spider-Man's creators gave him super strength and agility, the ability to cling to most surfaces, shoot spider-webs using wrist-mounted devices of his own invention, which he calls "web-shooters", and react to danger quickly with his "spider-sense", enabling him to combat his foes.  - IGN (formerly Imagine Games Network) is a San Franciscobased games and entertainment media company operated by IGN Entertainment Inc., a subsidiary of j2 Global and wholly owned by Ziff Davis. and headed up by its former editor-in-chief, Peer Schneider. The website was the brainchild of media entrepreneur Chris Anderson and launched on September 29, 1996. It focuses on games, films, television, comics, technology, and other media. The company is located in San Francisco's SOMA district in California, United States. Originally a network of desktop websites, IGN is now distributed on mobile platforms, console programs on the Xbox and PlayStation, FireTV, Roku, and via YouTube, Twitch, Hulu, and Snapchat.  - Die Hard is a 1988 American action film directed by John McTiernan and written by Steven E. de Souza and Jeb Stuart. It follows off-duty New York City Police Department officer John McClane (Bruce Willis) as he takes on a group of highly organized criminals led by Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman), who perform a heist in a Los Angeles skyscraper under the guise of a terrorist attack using hostages, including McClane's wife Holly (Bonnie Bedelia), to keep the police at bay.  - Jack Kirby (August 28, 1917  February 6, 1994), born Jacob Kurtzberg, was an American comic book artist, writer, and editor, widely regarded as one of the medium's major innovators and one of its most prolific and influential creators.  - An American comic book is a thin (typically 32-page) periodical containing primarily comics content.  - Quentin Jerome Tarantino (born March 27, 1963) is an American filmmaker and actor. His films are characterized by nonlinear storylines, satirical subject matter, an aestheticization of violence, extended scenes of dialogue, ensemble casts consisting of established and lesser-known performers, references to popular culture, soundtracks primarily containing songs and score pieces from the 1960s to the 1980s, and features of neo-noir film.  - Bryan Hitch (born 22 April 1970) is a British comic book artist. Hitch began his career in the United Kingdom for Marvel UK, working on titles such as "Action Force" and "Death's Head", before gaining prominence on American titles such as Wildstorm's "Stormwatch" and "The Authority", DC Comics' "JLA", and Marvel Comics' "The Ultimates".  - A commando is a soldier or operative of an elite light infantry or special operations force often specializing in amphibious landings, parachuting or abseiling.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'occupation' with 'soldier'.
Answer: