Article:
Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| The big picture: Graff — one of the most astute Mueller-watchers , and author of a book focused on his dozen years as FBI director — sees six signs that a Mueller climax may be accelerating. 
  
 Evidence is mounting that Special Counsel Robert Mueller is moving toward further indictments — and perhaps some big ones, with an end-of-year flurry of activity. 
  
 Mueller is tightening the screws on Jerome Corsi, a friend of former Trump adviser Roger Stone. A plea deal — or charges — appear imminent. Ecuador may be moving toward turning over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. The government removed its Assange-backing U.K. ambassador last week, and has prohibited his lawyers from meeting with him. The report yesterday by The Guardian that Assange and former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort may have met repeatedly — denied by Manafort and Assange — raises the stakes dramatically. Russian spy and NRA superfan Maria Butina is reported to be in talks for a plea deal. A number of Mueller’s prosecutors were hard at work on Veterans Day — when Michael Cohen took the train to Washington to talk to Mueller's team. ABC News reported an "unusually high" number — nearly three dozen, in fact — of sealed indictments filed over the course of the year in D.C. Fourteen of those have been added since August, a period when Mueller’s investigation was publicly quiet. And this big one: President Trump last week finally turned in long-awaited written answers to Mueller’s investigators. His story — or at least a version of it — is now locked in. By doing so, Trump tacitly acknowledged Mueller's authority, despite tweeting last night: "The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace." 
  
 Since Mueller laid low while waiting for Trump’s responses, the special counsel may have wanted to avoid taking any action that might spook the president. 
  
 Mueller appears to have been thinking this through carefully — not rocking the boat while he waited out Trump. His team delayed a mid-November hearing, where prosecutors were supposed to discuss Paul Manafort’s "lack of cooperation." They made that accusation Monday, after Trump’s answers were in hand. 
  
 So the timeline looks like it's speeding up, after four months of near silence from Mueller. Manafort's lack of cooperation might be the opening needed to file Mueller's most explosive findings in public shortly. 
  
 That could include new information about that mysterious 2016 Trump Tower meeting, or details about a possible Assange connection. 
  
 include new information about that mysterious 2016 Trump Tower meeting, or details about a possible Assange connection. Based on Monday's court filing, Mueller apparently hopes to quickly issue a "report" on Manafort’s activities to the court, one that — if it’s anything like other documents Mueller has filed thus far — will be more informed, more knowledgeable and more detailed than we can imagine. 
  
 Be smart: We've been surprised at every turn by how much Mueller knows. 
  
 Go deeper: ||||| ....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin’ James Comey, by the man in charge of the case, Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant), be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of.... ||||| .....overturned, 9-0, in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial & many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton.... ||||| Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| ....Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives, took down great companies, only to be........ ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| Special counsel Robert Mueller Robert Swan MuellerSasse: US should applaud choice of Mueller to lead Russia probe MORE on Friday is expected to file a bombshell report that describes how former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort Paul John ManafortDems have new moniker for Trump: ‘Unindicted co-conspirator' Bernstein: Trump ‘is boxed in by Mueller’ Maine senator calls impeachment 'last resort': 'We may get there, but we’re not there now' MORE eviscerated his plea agreement with federal prosecutors. 
  
 The highly anticipated memo, slated for release as a court filing, will likely shed more light on Mueller’s investigation into whether President Trump Donald John TrumpCorsi sues Mueller for alleged leaks and illegal surveillance Comey: Trump 'certainly close' to being unindicted co-conspirator Trump pushes back on reports that Ayers was first pick for chief of staff MORE’s campaign colluded with Russia's efforts to interfere in the 2016 presidential election. 
  
 But just how much new information will be made public remains to be seen. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 The court document, which federal prosecutors said last week would offer a “detailed” account of how Manafort committed crimes by lying to the FBI, is likely to be heavily redacted in areas that concern the overarching, ongoing probe. 
  
 Still, whatever information is disclosed is expected to be revelatory in terms of the content and nature of Manafort’s remarks to the special counsel’s office and other FBI investigators. In order to demonstrate that Manafort lied, Mueller will need to refer to evidence or reasons he has for believing Manafort did not tell the truth. 
  
 “In laying out Manafort’s lies and how they know they’re lies, we’re going to learn a lot about the investigation,” said Elie Honig, a former assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. “There will be plenty of clues and indicators about where Mueller has gone and will go.” 
  
 Any information that could compromise Mueller’s investigation or other probes is likely to be redacted, so the federal judge overseeing Manafort’s case in Washington, D.C., District Judge Amy Berman Jackson, and Manafort’s attorneys would be permitted to view the document in full but the public will not. 
  
 Earlier this week, Mueller filed a sentencing memo laying out the cooperation of former national security adviser Michael Flynn. That document was heavily redacted to conceal information Flynn has provided in the probe and to at least two other matters under investigation by the Justice Department. 
  
 Glenn Kirschner, a former federal prosecutor with the U.S. Attorney’s Office in D.C., said he expects the public memo on Manafort to include specifics about the defendant’s lies, unless those details touch on subjects central to the Russia investigation. 
  
 “It may be that we see an equal number of redactions in the Manafort memo,” Kirschner said, comparing it to the Flynn filing. 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT 
  
 Still, Friday’s deadline offers Mueller a fresh opportunity to put facts about the Manafort case and the broader investigation into the public realm. While Mueller and his team of prosecutors have refrained from speaking publicly or commenting on developments in their cases, the special counsel has notably put forth detailed court filings that illuminate an investigation that has captured intense public interest. 
  
 “The prosecutor has an awful lot of discretion,” Honig said. “It could be a very terse, one- or two-page conclusory statement, or it could be a narrative-style submission.” 
  
 It remains unclear exactly what Manafort lied about. He was initially ensnared in the Russia investigation on charges related to his foreign lobbying for a pro-Russia political party in Ukraine. Manafort was viewed as a key cooperator with U.S. government investigators because of his visibility into the Trump campaign and information he could offer in related foreign lobbying investigations. 
  
 The Wall Street Journal reported last week that Manafort allegedly misled investigators about his lobbying work and contacts with Konstantin Kilimnik, a Russian who worked for the offshoot of Manafort’s firm in Ukraine. Kilimnik, suspected of ties to Russian intelligence, was charged alongside Manafort with witness tampering earlier this year but has remained out of the reach of U.S. prosecutors. 
  
 Mueller first revealed last week that Manafort allegedly lied to the special counsel’s office and other FBI investigators “on a variety of subject matters,” noting that a forthcoming submission would explain “the nature of the defendant’s crimes and lies, including those after signing the plea agreement herein.” 
  
 Manafort has denied that he misled investigators in breach of his plea agreement. 
  
 Mueller’s disclosure came days after Trump submitted written answers to the special counsel’s questions about collusion, raising questions among some legal experts about the timing of the two developments. 
  
 If prosecutors accuse Manafort of lying about something that Trump has said publicly, it could signal the president also lied in his written answers to Mueller, according to former federal prosecutor Shanlon Wu. 
  
 Wu said that the Manafort memo, in addition to testimony from Trump’s former personal attorney Michael Cohen, could be very dangerous for the president if they contradict the written answers Trump provided on Nov. 20. 
  
 Cohen has pleaded guilty to several federal crimes in New York and formally agreed last week to cooperate with Mueller, reportedly sitting for interviews with the special counsel’s office that have totaled 70 hours. 
  
 Legal experts say it’s possible Manafort lied about others in the campaign who have had contact with Russian officials, but they noted it’s unlikely any of those names would be revealed in Friday’s memo. 
  
 “If he’s disclosing information about somebody who ultimately won’t be prosecuted because Mueller has fallen out of bed with Manafort, there’s more reason to be less clear about it,” said Joel Cohen, a white collar defense attorney and former federal and state prosecutor. “It’s unfair to identify someone as having done wrong if they won’t ultimately be prosecuted for it.” 
  
 If Manafort lied by omission, that would suggest he might be trying to protect individuals or avoid retribution from someone. 
  
 “I’ve dealt with dozens of cooperators in my time as a prosecutor, and the reason they go off the rails, as it appears Manafort has, is they are omitting — they are protecting themselves or others,” said Honig. “I think it’s likely that Manafort withheld info from Mueller here. The question, then, is going to be what information was he holding back, who was he protecting, and why?” 
  
 Berman Jackson, an Obama appointee, is giving Manafort’s defense team until Wednesday to file a preliminary response to the prosecution’s report. Manafort’s attorney, Kevin Downing, said in court last week that he might request further investigation to prove Mueller’s allegations that his client lied to the FBI. 
  
 While Berman Jackson set March 5 as Manafort’s target sentencing date, she said she will hold a hearing in mid- to late January to determine whether Manafort breached his plea deal. As part of the deal, Manafort had agreed to plead guilty to two felony charges — conspiracy against the U.S. and conspiracy to launder money — and fully cooperate with Mueller’s probe. In return, prosecutors agreed to drop five other charges, including failure to register as a foreign lobbyists, making false statements and tampering with witnesses. 
  
 But prosecutors said in court last week they are considering bringing new charges against Manafort for lying to the FBI in breach of the agreement. Even if he’s not charged, Joel Cohen said the judge can choose to give Manafort more time if it turns out he sent Mueller on a wild goose chase. 
  
 The Manafort filing is one of several Mueller will file this week in his sprawling Russia investigation. The special counsel is also slated to submit details Friday on Michael Cohen’s cooperation ahead of his sentencing on eight federal charges in New York. ||||| Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. 
  
 / Updated By Ken Dilanian 
  
 WASHINGTON — Three new court documents are scheduled to emerge Friday that could shed new light on what Donald Trump's former top aides have been telling — or not telling — federal investigators. 
  
 A federal judge in New York has ordered that prosecutors for the Southern District of New York and the Special Counsel's Office have until 5 p.m. Friday to deliver sentencing memos designed to detail former Trump lawyer Michael Cohen's cooperation in their ongoing investigations. 
  
 And special counsel Robert Mueller is also due to file a document spelling out what his team previously referred to as the "crimes and lies" that led them to cancel a cooperation agreement with former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort. 
  
 Legal experts say it's likely that both documents will contain sections that are blacked out, as was the case with the sentencing memo Mueller filed Tuesday in the case of former national security adviser Michael Flynn. 
  
 The theory that Mueller would use these documents to inform the public about the progress of his ongoing investigation into Russian election interference and related matters did not pan out in the case of the Flynn memo. Key sections of that memo were redacted, including crucial questions about what Trump knew and when about Flynn's lies to the FBI — and a whole page describing a separate criminal investigation. 
  
 Mueller's decision to withhold that information shows, some experts say, that the former FBI director does not feel that his investigation is at risk of being derailed by Acting Attorney General Matthew Whitaker, who had expressed open hostility toward it before his appointment. 
  
 "He disclosed so little in the Flynn memo that it led me to conclude two things," said former federal prosecutor Glenn Kirschner, an NBC News legal analyst. "One, he doesn't have a sense of urgency, and two, he probably has a lot more investigating to do. If he was ready to show his cards, he wouldn't have redacted all this stuff." 
  
 Former federal prosecutor Peter Zeidenberg says there may be something else at play: 
  
 "As usual, Mueller may be thinking two steps ahead of the rest of us." 
  
 Zeidenberg noted that Trump has not tweeted or uttered a word about Flynn since the sentencing memo on Flynn was filed, in contrast to Trump's immediate attack on Cohen after Cohen pleaded guilty last week to lying about a Trump Tower project in Moscow. 
  
 "Trump's been quite quiet since that filing," Zeidenberg said. "He hasn't attacked Flynn. If those blanks had been filled in, Trump's head would have exploded — he'd be going crazy." 
  
 "If Mueller waits and does his big reveal all at once, everything's done. It's too late" for Trump to engineer his firing, Zeidenberg said. 
  
 "If he were to have revealed everything on those redactions now, it could jeopardize ongoing matters, and it wouldn't have been smart politically for his continued survival. I think it probably makes a lot of sense. Trump doesn't want to attack Flynn because he doesn't know whether Flynn is coming at him." 
  
 As for the Southern District’s sentencing memo for Cohen, he is also cooperating in separate ongoing investigations that district prosecutors would likely want to keep secret, so that document may also be redacted. 
  
 Chuck Rosenberg, a former federal prosecutor and NBC News legal analyst who once worked with Mueller, said Mueller — a by-the-book former Marine combat leader — likely never considered making public anything to do with ongoing criminal matters. 
  
 The rule of thumb, he said, is "if it's public it won't be sensitive and if it's sensitive it won't be public." 
  
 Rosenberg believes Friday's filings will be "mildly interesting," in that they may further describe in general terms how helpful prosecutors believe Cohen to have been, and also what sort of lies they allege Manafort told that blew up his plea deal. 
  
 But if Manafort's lies were about Trump and Russian election interference, Rosenberg said, "We won't see them." |||||Summary: