q... Context: Bad Lip Reading (abbreviated as BLR) is a YouTube channel, run by an anonymous individual in the music production business, that spoofs clips from films, TV shows, songs, sports, and political news stories by overdubbing humorous vocal work that matches the lip movements of the targets. Rolling Stone described the channel as "the breakout hit" of the 2012 United States presidential cycle. As of January 2018, the Bad Lip Reading YouTube channel had amassed over 6.5 million subscribers and over 942 million views across its videos.

Question: how do they make bad lip reading videos?
a... To answer this question, we should know that: Bad Lip Reading (abbreviated as BLR) is a YouTube channel, run by an anonymous individual in the music production business, that spoofs clips from films, TV shows, songs, sports, and political news stories by overdubbing humorous vocal work that matches the lip movements of the targets.
The answer is overdubbing humorous vocal work that matches the lip movements of the targets


q... A right bundle branch block (RBBB) is a heart block in the electrical conduction system.

Right bundle branch block what does it mean?
a... To answer the question, consider the following: A right bundle branch block (RBBB) is a heart block in the electrical conduction system.
The answer is a heart block in the electrical conduction system


q... Context: "Do n't Wanna Fall in Love" is a 1990 hit song for Toronto-born singer / songwriter / musician Jane Child. Released as the second single from her self-titled debut album, the single went to number two for three weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart in late April and early May 1990, kept out of the top spot by Sinéad O'Connor's ballad ``' Nothing Compares 2 U". In addition, a "new jack swing" remix of the song was produced by Teddy Riley and reached number six on the R&B chart, and number eleven on the dance chart. Shep Pettibone also remixed the single, but was only released to DJ's. When released around Europe it also became successful albeit more modestly. In the UK, the single stalled at # 22 after Child refused to appear on the popular British TV program Top of the Pops while the single was climbing the charts, considering the program to be a "sellout".

Question: who sings i dont want to fall in love?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: "Do n't Wanna Fall in Love" is a 1990 hit song for Toronto-born singer / songwriter / musician Jane Child.
The answer is Jane Child


q... "One of These Nights" is a song written by Don Henley and Glenn Frey and recorded by the American rock band Eagles. The title track from their One of These Nights album, the song became their second single to top the Billboard Hot 100 chart after "Best of My Love" and also helped propel the album to number one. The single version was shortened from the album version of the song, removing most of the song's intro and most of its fade-out, as well. Henley is lead vocalist on the verses, while Randy Meisner sings high harmony (not lead) on the refrain. The song features a guitar solo by Don Felder that is "composed of blues-based licks and sustained string bends using an unusually meaty distortion tone."

Answer this question: who sings vocals on one of these nights?
a...