A picture has emerged of gun victim Reeva Steenkamp blasting a pistol almost identical to the the one that killed her, at a firing range. Holding a steady arm, Reeva takes aim for the target, using both hands to clasp a 9mm handgun similar to the one South African police recovered from the home of Oscar Pistorius. The pretty blonde ensures she is fully prepared for the target practice, with ear muffs and protective glasses intact. Used to guns? This picture may give a clue into how aware Steenkamp was with the gun culture of South Africa. Evidence: A police officer holds the pistol that was allegedly used in the shooting of Reeva Steenkamp. The 'Blade Runner' is on bail awaiting trial for the murder of the former model after she was shot four times at his property on Valentine's Day. It is believed Pistorius' defence will be that he mistook her for an intruder. The picture could shed light on how connected Reeva was with guns, and that she was comfortable with her boyfriend owning one and keeping it in the house. The outing to the firing range is believe to have occurred some months before Steenkamp began dating London 2012 Olympian Pistorius. What's the story? Pistorius is on bail, accused of the murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp (both pictured at an awards ceremony in Johannesburg) Guns are owned by many homeowners in Pretoria owing to the high-rate of crime, including burglary, and it is believed Pistorius owned more than one of the weapons, as well as keeping a cricket bat by his bed. Pistorius held a memorial service at his Uncle Arnold's house in Pretoria this week, and is believed to be ready to resume his training after asking for his bail conditions to be altered. It is thought that the trial could be up to a year in waiting after the double-amputee was granted bail after a two-hour court hearing a week ago. Desmond Nair, who reached the decision, deemed Pistorius not to be a flight risk, and was unlikely to commit further acts of violence when released from custody. Conditions. of his release include that he surrenders his passports and travel. documents, does not visit his house where the model died and does not. use any prohibited substances. He is also banned from drinking alcohol. Denial: Pistorius denies that he murdered his girlfriend, and his defence is expected to be that he thought she was an intruder. Pistorius, is charged with one count of premeditated murder over the February 14 killing of the FHM cover girl. He says the shooting was accidental because he thought she was a dangerous intruder inside his home. Mr Nair said Pistorius' affidavit, in which he gave his version of the events of the shooting in a sworn statement, had helped his application for bail in Pretoria Magistrate's Court. Rumours regarding the personal lives of the famous couple have been well documented. Needles and substances found at the property that were allegedly pointing towards testosterone injections have since being discounted as being used for a herbal remedy to aid muscle recovery. And in the last few days another rumour doing that rounds that Reeva was pregnant at the time of the shooting has been fiercely denied by the deceased's family who have said that the post mortem proved this was not the case.
Summarize the highlights of this article.