Please answer the following question: Information:  - California is the most populous state in the United States and the third most extensive by area. Located on the western (Pacific Ocean) coast of the U.S., California is bordered by the other U.S. states of Oregon, Nevada, and Arizona and shares an international border with the Mexican state of Baja California. The state capital is Sacramento. Los Angeles is California's most populous city, and the country's second largest after New York City. The state also has the nation's most populous county, Los Angeles County, and its largest county by area, San Bernardino County.  - Nevada (Spanish for "snowy"; see pronunciations) is a state in the Western, Mountain West, and Southwestern regions of the United States of America. Nevada is the 7th most extensive, the 34th most populous, and the 9th least densely populated of the 50 United States. Nearly three-quarters of Nevada's people live in Clark County, which contains the Las VegasParadise metropolitan area where three of the state's four largest incorporated cities are located. Nevada's capital is Carson City. Nevada is officially known as the "Silver State" because of the importance of silver to its history and economy. It is also known as the "Battle Born State", because it achieved statehood during the Civil War (the words "Battle Born" also appear on the state flag); as the "Sage-brush State", for the native plant of the same name; and as the "Sage-hen State". Nevada borders Oregon to the northwest, Idaho to the northeast, California to the west, Arizona to the southeast and Utah to the east.  - The Day the Earth Stood Still (a.k.a. Farewell to the Master and Journey to the World) is a 1951 black-and-white American science fiction film from 20th Century Fox, produced by Julian Blaustein, directed by Robert Wise, that stars Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, Hugh Marlowe, and Sam Jaffe. The screenplay was written by Edmund H. North, based on the 1940 science fiction short story "Farewell to the Master" by Harry Bates. The score was composed by Bernard Herrmann.  - Michael Rennie (25 August 1909  10 June 1971) was an English film, television and stage actor, perhaps best remembered for his starring role as the space visitor Klaatu in the science fiction film, "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951). In a career spanning more than 30 years, Rennie appeared in more than 50 films and in several American television series.  - Seven Cities Of Gold is a 1955 historical adventure film directed by Robert D. Webb and starring Anthony Quinn , Richard Egan and Michael Rennie . It tells the story of the 18th . Century Franciscan priest , Father Junípero Serra and the founding of the first missions in what is now present day California . The screenplay is based on the novel The Nine Days of Father Serra ( 1951 ) by Isabelle Gibson Ziegler . The tag line of the film was `` This is the story of the making ... and the forging ... of California ... when men chose gold or God ... the sword or the Cross '' .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'seven cities of gold ' exhibits the relationship of 'distributor'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 20th century fox  - history  - united states of america
A: