Detailed Instructions: Given a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation, generate a suitable title that describes the main event/root cause of the situation. Imagine that the given text is a social media post, and you have to write the title of the post, so the users can decide to read the main text or not.
Q: My husband and I were married in January. We eloped with only the two of us, our officiant, and our photographer in attendance.   


Before I hired the photographer, I had a meeting with her and told her that there were certain parts of my body I was very insecure about, and being plus sized, I needed a photographer who could accommodate that. She quickly told me that since she is also plus-sized, she was great at angles and editing that would flatter or hide the areas I was insecure about. I was so relieved, because I loved her work. We hired her the same day.   


We paid our photographer for 6 hours which included get ready, first look, ceremony, traditional, and dinner pictures which just included a toast and cake cutting. Our contract stated that our package included 300 edited images. It also states that the photos will be delivered within two months, but she has up to 90 days to deliver.  Totally fine. My only request was for ONE image that wasn't watermarked so we could send out announcements. She happily agreed.   


When we booked her for our wedding, our package also included an engagement shoot. It was beautiful. The pics were delivered later than the stated time in the contract, but at this point they were so beautiful, I didn't care. I loved them so much, I booked her for our Christmas photos. She sent me a couple of photos with no watermark so I could send out Christmas cards, but I didn't get our album of 40 photos until February.  I was pretty upset about it, but at that point, I had already paid her in full for our whole wedding.   


The wedding came and went, and it was beautiful. I got a few watermarked sneak peaks, and I was super excited to get the rest. I few weeks later, I contacted her about the image without the watermark so I could send out announcements. She told me she would have to edit it. She never sent it. I left it alone, because at point, it had been 6ish weeks since the wedding, and I was supposed to have them within 60 days. The 60 day mark passed and I didn't hear from her, so I sent her a message asking for an update, and she told me that they weren't ready yet.   


I received my pictures today after two and a half months. The sneak peaks that were watermarked were not in the album.  I received a total of 152 photos. Several of which were the same photo, just one in color, and one in black in white. If you include the sneaks which I don't have yet, I've received about 160 photos. And they are not good AT ALL. They are horribly unflattering, crooked, off centered, and she didn't even edit out things like a pimple on my husband's face. Very basic things. Some of them are so unflattering, I don't even feel comfortable showing other people. They're so bad they brought me to tears. And it's even worse because I only have HALF of the pictures I was promised to pick from.   


AITA for sending her an email and telling her how unhappy I am? I don't want to be rude or mean, but I'm just at a loss. 
A: