Write a question about the following article: This game was a must-win for the Redskins in order to maintain their playoff hopes. During the first quarter, the Redskins appeared to be in the position to score after Fred Smoot intercepted Tarvaris Jackson and returned the interception deep into Viking territory. However, the Redskins' offense was unable to score a touchdown. Mike Sellers appeared to score a touchdown on 4th and goal, but a replay challenge by Brad Childress nullified the touchdown and gave the Vikings the ball. However, the Redskins immediately tackled Tony Richardson in the end zone for a safety. Following the subsequent free kick, the Redskins marched down the field and took a 9-0 lead on a 33-yard pass from Todd Collins to Chris Cooley. In the 2nd quarter, the Redskins expanded their lead to 16-0 on a 32-yard pass from Todd Collins to Santana Moss. Later in the quarter, the Redskins took a 22-0 lead when Clinton Portis took a handoff from Todd Collins and threw a 15-yard touchdown pass to Antwaan Randle-El in the end zone. Although the Redskins were not successful on the 2-point conversion attempt, they had a commanding lead at this point in the game, and the previously rowdy Metrodome crowd was very disheartened and silent at this point. The Redskins stretched their lead to 25-0 on a 26-yard field goal by Shaun Suisham. Later in the quarter, the Vikings got the crowd back in the game when Tarvaris Jackson threw a 2-yard touchdown pass to Jim Kleinsasser, cutting the Redskins' lead to 25-7. The Vikings further cut into the Redskins' lead around the 10-minute mark of the fourth quarter when Tarvaris Jackson scored on a 6-yard run, making the lead 25-14. The Metrodome crowd began sensing a comeback as momentum appeared to turn in the Vikings' favor. This came to a head midway through the fourth quarter when the Redskins appeared to complete a long pass to Santana Moss. Though initially ruled a catch by a referee on the sideline, the call was considered questionable by the game's announcers since Moss had to drag his toes to stay in-bounds as he caught the pass. Sensing an impending challenge by Childress, the Redskins raced down the field to snap the ball&#8212;since a play cannot be challenged after the ball has been snapped for the next play. However, the snap was fumbled and it appeared to be Vikings' ball after it was recovered by Vikings' defensive tackle Kevin Williams. As the Vikings rushed onto the field to take over on offense, coach Joe Gibbs challenged that Minnesota had twelve defensive players on the field at the time the Redskins snapped the ball and fumbled it. After review, Gibbs' challenge was upheld and the call on the field was reversed&#8212;a five-yard penalty was assessed to the Vikings for having too many men on the field and the Redskins maintained possession. After the Redskins had retain possession of the football they had eventually scored on a 13-yard touchdown run by Clinton Portis, making the score 32-14 capping off a 75-yard drive. Although Tarvaris Jackson later scored on a 1-yard touchdown run to make the score 32-21, the Vikings were unable to score again, and the Redskins emerged with a victory. This enabled them to ensure that they will be able to control their own "destiny" to make the playoffs.