Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Jack Doyle. PUBLISHED:. 19:54 EST, 23 October 2013. |. UPDATED:. 19:20 EST, 24 October 2013. They sound like fairly obvious requirements for any employee, let alone an upholder of the law: Don’t turn up for work drunk; don’t have sex on duty; be honest. The police force, however, thinks otherwise. So much so, in fact, that those three instructions are to be issued to all officers in a new ten-point code. Other parts of the code tell police that they should ‘respect and obey the law’, act with integrity at all times and not abuse their positions. New code: Police officers will have to abide by the new ten-point plan. Ethics: Mrs May used the speech at The College of Policing Conference in Bramshill near Hook in Hampshire to set out a new code for all police officers. The code is to be introduced after a. series of scandals which have shaken public confidence in the force,. including the Plebgate row and the investigation into the Hillsborough. disaster. But critics said. telling officers not to break the law or be corrupt – and reminding them. to be courteous to the public – was a ‘statement of the blindingly. obvious’. The draft Code of Ethics was published yesterday by the. College of Policing, which was created up to set and maintain standards. for policing in England and Wales. It. was endorsed by Home Secretary Theresa May, who  said it was. ‘astonishing’ that police had not had an explicit code of ethics before. The ten headings include honesty and integrity, courtesy towards the public, and equality and diversity. Under. the latter, officers are told to uphold the Human Rights Act, while. under ‘fitness for work’ officers are told to not make themselves ‘unfit. or impaired for duty as a result of drinking alcohol’ or using drugs. The. ‘work and responsibilities’ section includes an edict to ‘maintain. strictly professional behaviour when on duty, including not engaging in. sexual conduct’. Officers. are also told not to ‘use your professional position to establish or. pursue a sexual or improper emotional relationship’ with a ‘vulnerable’ person. The IPCC was given more powers in December 2012 for a probe into the Hillsborough Disaster. The code also. includes a new obligation on officers to report or challenge any of. their colleagues who fall below the standards of the code. Chief. Constable Alex Marshall, the head of the College of Policing, said:. ‘It’s right to spell out in plain language what’s expected of people and. also we have to learn lessons from the past.’ He. added: ‘We have a code of ethics for doctors, for lawyers for all the. serious professions and I don’t think they say they don’t need it. written down.’ He also accepted some individual officers had ‘let us. down’ in the past with their conduct. But. critics pointed to the oath which all police constables already have to. take. In it, they swear to serve the Queen with fairness, integrity,. diligence and to accord equal respect to ‘all people’. Gerard. Batten, of UKIP, said: ‘Aren’t these things that the police are. supposed to have been doing on duty since 1829 when the first police. force was set up? Do they know something we don’t that they feel the. need to re-state ten points of the blindingly obvious?’

Highlights: