Write a summary based on this article:

STOCKHOLM — It was supposed to be an adventurous motorcycle journey through Africa. Johan Gustafsson, then a 36-year-old engineer, set off with a friend to see the continent, “not just read about it in books,” he later said. His biggest concern was traffic accidents. 
  
 Twenty-four hours after he arrived in Timbuktu, Mali, Mr. Gustafsson was taken hostage from his hotel at gunpoint. He and two other tourists were herded into the back of a pickup truck. A fourth man, a German tourist, resisted and was shot dead on the spot. 
  
 That was Nov. 25, 2011, the beginning of an almost six-year ordeal for Mr. Gustafsson, who was held for ransom in the Sahara by Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, or AQIM, the North African branch of Al Qaeda, until he was freed this year. 
  
 On June 26, Mr. Gustafsson, now 42, returned to Sweden, the second of the “Timbuktu Three” to be freed. French Special Forces rescued one hostage, Sjaak Rijke, a Dutch citizen, in April 2015. The other, Stephen McGown, a South African, was released in August. ||||| Stephen McGown's father Malcolm said he had spoken twice to Johan Gustafsson, who was detained alongside Stephen, since his release earlier this week. 
  
 “He said they were both well, he says Stephen is well. So there has not been any sort of abuse or anything like that,” McGown told AFP. 
  
 “We just sort of hope that Stephen will come out soon. At this stage he is now on his own,” he said in a phone interview from his Johannesburg home. 
  
 He added that Gustafsson reported that the two men were together until he was taken to be released. 
  
 READ ALSO: Swedish al-Qaeda hostage home and reunited with family 
  
  
  
 Johan Gustafsson reunited with family. Photo: Marcus Ericsson/TT 
  
 Gustafsson and McGown were abducted in Timbuktu in northern Mali in November 2011 along with Dutchman Sjaak Rijke by a group of armed men while on the terrace of their hotel. 
  
 Rijke was freed in April 2015 by French special forces. 
  
 Stephen's father, who lost his wife to a chronic illness a month ago, said he remained optimistic that his son would soon return home. 
  
 “He is gonna come out. I'm sure he will be out in 2017, hopefully it will be in July, August or whatever.” 
  
 He said that Gustafsson was “very positive” about McGown's situation, adding that “it's a pity they both didn't come out at the same time”. 
  
 Swedish authorities have not released details of how Gustafsson was released. 
  
  
  
 Screenshot of a video of Stephen McGown released in 2015. Photo: YouTube 
  
 South African officials have told the McGown family that they are working hard to secure Stephen's freedom. A South African charity, Gift of the Givers, has also been involved in efforts to secure his release. 
  
 McGown said “that I don't know, and I don't want to know” if there has been a ransom demand from the kidnappers. 
  
 “Just bring me my son and put him next to me and I don't want to know how,” he said. 
  
 Al-Qaeda's North African affiliate al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) has claimed responsibility for the kidnappings. 
  
 It was one of several jihadist groups that took control of Mali's north in 2012 before being ousted by a French-led military operation launched in January 2013. |||||