Summarize this article:

Omega-6 is another polyunsaturated fatty acid, found in vegetable oils like corn, cottonseed, soybean, safflower, and sunflower.  Studies indicate that reducing consumption of omega-6 while increasing omega-3 produces health benefits, however.  A 1:1 ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 would be excellent, but even a 2-4:1 ratio is better than the average American's diet. To improve your ratio, eat more fish and less fried fast foods, potato chips, cookies, donuts, etc. Choosing the right kind of fish is the first step.  Preparing it in a way that preserves omega-3 amounts without introducing excessive unhealthy fats or sodium (while also tasting delicious) is an important next step for regular fish consumption.  Bake or grill your fish instead of frying, which adds undesirable omega-6 to your omega-3. To reduce amounts of mercury and other toxins, remove the skin and outer fat of your fish, where such toxins tend to reside in higher concentrations.  If you intend to drain your canned tuna, choose tuna packed in water.  Omega-3 adheres to oils far better than water, so less of it will go down the drain when you empty the can. Maybe you've never been much of a fish person, or maybe you can't get your kids to eat any fish that isn't in the form of a frozen, fried stick.  Get creative and you can slip more omega-3-rich fish into your dinner menu.  Try replacing meat in dishes with fish.  Grilled kebabs, for instance, can easily be switched from beef or chicken to salmon or tuna. Many people recoil at the thought of anchovies, but they are very high in omega-3 and blend easily into many dishes.  Finely chopped anchovies practically melt into sauces, for instance, and impart a savory and umami -- not fishy -- flavor.  Try adding them to your pasta sauce next time. Algae isn't fish, but it is where much of the omega-3 in fish comes from.  Edible algae like seaweed or kelp are high in DHA, one of the component parts of omega-3.  Cut out the middleman every once in a while, or better yet, pair a high omega-3 fish with its favorite food on your plate. Fish-based omega-3 contains DHA and EPA, both of which have demonstrated health benefits.  The benefits of non-fish based omega-3 foods, which contain ALA, are less definitive but strongly indicative. 2.2-4.4 g of ALA is recommended for a 2,000 kcal/day diet. Good sources of ALA-based omega-3 include soybeans, canola, walnuts, flaxseeds, and ALA-enriched foods like eggs and occasionally peanut butter (among other foods). If you have difficulty consuming enough omega-3 rich foods, have medical conditions that would benefit from higher omega-3 consumption, are pregnant, or are just interested in increasing your omega-3, talk to your healthcare professional about supplements.  Omega-3 supplements most often come in the form of fish oil caplets.  Some people complain that these have an unpleasant, fishy aftertaste, but there are a wide variety of fish oil options (with a wide variation in quality control), so do some research and find one that works for you.  Most people have to worry about too little omega-3, but overconsumption of omega-3 can be a problem for some, as it can cause bleeding problems.  Do not consume an average of more than 3 grams per day without consulting your physician.

Summary: