Dane Laffrey on His Set for ‘American Hero’

“Sartre walks into a Quiznos” sounds like the setup to a glum philosopher’s sorry joke. But it’s actually the inspiration behind the set design for “American Hero,” a new comedy by Bess Wohl that takes place inside a failing, faux-cheery corporate sandwich shop in Anywhere, U.S.A.

The store has no name and the script doesn’t specify a city or state. (In his review, Charles Isherwood of The New York Times said the set “has a generic perky colorfulness that’s just right.”) Other than a reference to a mall, it’s unclear where the place even is. So the set designer, Dane Laffrey, looked to Quiznos and other fast-food restaurants for décor that was “bright and punchy and primary colored,” yet also “bleak and monumentally ugly.”

The result is pure Twilight Zone: a naturalistic set that’s as in tune with the play’s existential questions as it is about the assembly of triple bacon torpedo subs. “The set is a bit of a character in the sense that it’s this faceless but highly specific, big corporatist force that the characters are forced to confront and reckon with,” said Mr. Laffrey.

Following is an annotated look at some of the elements that went into Mr. Laffrey’s design. “American Hero” is at Second Stage Theater’s uptown space through June 15.

The front door area is made of plexiglass, some of which is tinted black. The wall outside suggests the store is isolated from its surroundings. “I think we’re in some kind of backwater, weird strip mall that may be the last place on earth,” Mr. Laffrey said.

The light-box menus are by the company Enhance a Colour. There are no prices or calorie counts, which could connote place and era, something Ms. Wohl wanted to avoid. “You don’t want people going, ‘I wonder why that sandwich is $7.95?’ ” Mr. Laffrey said.

Mr. Laffrey studied the Quiznos franchise handbook to learn how the company uses words in its décor. The red wall is covered in suggestive words like “flavor” and “mmmm,” but, in line with Ms. Wohl’s script, also the strangely philosophical phrase “Who are we?”

The counters were custom designed by D&D Productions, a builder of theatrical sets in the Bronx, to look “Quiznosian,” Mr. Laffrey said. The countertop includes polyethylene cutting boards that would be standard in any sandwich shop, although the sneeze guard “is not quite regulation.

The prop mistress, Susan Barras, procured craft foam and plastic versions of meatballs and a mound of guacamole. “Cheese” is portioned between paper to look like slices. Real food is used in a scene where the employees race to make sandwiches.

The working soda machine, donated by Pepsi, delivers regular Pepsi (even though it comes from the Diet Pepsi dispenser). There is no ice maker, since it makes too much noise, but the machine itself isn’t so quiet. “It occasionally repressurizes itself, which we’re going to embrace,” Mr. Laffrey said.

An earlier version of a subheading with this article misstated the given name of the set designer of the play “American Hero.” He is Dane Laffrey, not Dean.

A version of this article appears in print on May 29, 2014, on page C5 of the New York edition with the headline: Good Enough to See, Maybe Not to Eat. Order Reprints|Today's Paper|Subscribe

Write a one or two sentence summary.