Kim Bo-kyung says he is looking forward to working with Wigan Athletic manager Malky Mackay again after the South Korea winger signed for the Championship club until the end of the season. Kim worked with Mackay at Cardiff City before the manager was sacked by  Malaysian owner Vincent Tan in December 2013 amid a storm of racist, sexist, anti-semitic and homophobic text messages in which he was implicated. The Football Association are still investigating the messages retrieved when files were seized from Iain Moody, Cardiff’s former sporting director, who resigned from his position at Crystal Palace when Sportsmail revealed the scandal in April 2014. Kim Bo-kyung says he is looking forward to working with Wigan manager Malky Mackay again. Among them were the use of the term ‘chinkys’ — in direct reference to the arrival of Kim — and a joke about Koreans eating dogs. The situation got worse when Wigan chairman Dave Whelan spoke about ‘chingalings’ as he defended his decision to appoint Mackay back in November. But Kim expressed his delight at being reunited with Mackay following his medical at the DW Stadium. The 25-year-old said: 'I am very happy to be joining up with the gaffer again. 'I really enjoyed working with him in the past and he helped me so much in my career. He gave me the chance to fulfil my dream of playing in England and I am now looking forward so much to working with him again. 'Since becoming a free agent, we had various offers but when the chance came to be with the gaffer again at Wigan, this really was the only place I wanted to come. 'The other players have all made me welcome already. The atmosphere in the dressing room seems very good, there is a nice feeling with all the lads and we now have to keep working hard to pick up as many points as we can and start climbing the league table.' Wigan manager Mackay has signed South Korea winger Kim as a free agent. Kim worked with Mackay at the South Wales club before the manager was sacked by owner Vincent Tan. Mackay came in for heavy criticism last year when the League Managers’ Association issued a statement describing the text messages as ‘friendly banter’, but the 42-year-old Scot later issued a full and unreserved apology. It was reported last week that he is likely to be cleared by the FA, who are believed to have a policy of not being able to act on communications sent privately between two individuals. Wigan, deep in the Championship’s relegation zone, sold Ben Watson, Shaun Maloney, Adam Forshaw and Callum McManaman during the January transfer window, which closed on Monday night. Mackay signed Leon Clarke on loan from Wolves and Sheyi Ojo on loan from Liverpool, and also snapped up the Cameroon defender Gaeten Bong on a short-term deal. His latest signing, Kim, scored his first top-flight goal in a 2-2 draw with Manchester United in November 2013, but has appeared just twice in the Championship this season and had his contract cancelled by mutual consent on January 24. The 25-year-old has won 30 caps for his country and was handed the No 7 shirt following the retirement of South Korea legend Park Ji-sung, but missed out on a place in the squad for the recent Asia Cup, in which they lost a thrilling final 2-1 to Australia in Sydney.

What are highlight points for this article?