Article: If you want to be a recluse, you may be hesitant about working outside of your home. With modern technology, there are many jobs can you can easily do from home if you have a laptop and an internet connection.  Freelance writing jobs are often done at home. There are also many jobs, like transcription work, that can be done from home. Many companies hire web designers to work from their own house. Also, a lot of call center type jobs are handled at home. You can be a customer service representative at your own house, taking calls on behalf of a business as they come in.  If you have a specialized skill set, consider working for yourself. This does not necessarily mean starting your own business. You could do freelance work from home for clients. If you have a writing degree, for example, you could look into freelance editing. If you want to become particularly reclusive, you may be hesitant to leave your home even for things like grocery and clothes shopping. If this is the case, find creative ways to stay at home.  In the modern world, almost everything you need can be ordered online. Clothing, books, food, and other items can be ordered from websites like Amazon. You may cringe at the delivery fees, but remember you're staying home most of the time. While you may spend $10 for shipping and handling, you're not spending money on gas or public transportation. If you don't want to order everything online, consider avoiding people in other ways. You could shop during hours of the day where stores are unlikely to be crowded. For example, try going clothes shopping at 1 o'clock in the afternoon on a weekday. As most people are working, you may be less likely to run into other people. If you want to be a recluse, you may feel you have to cut people out of your life entirely. However, this is not the case. In fact, a reclusive lifestyle may not be sustainable if you cut out all your friends and social contacts.  Strong relationships can help you feel more secure about spending time alone. Even if you enjoy spending time alone, it's important to be able to have someone to call if you need it. Everyone needs support on occasion. In the event of a major emergency or setback, you should be able to have at least one person to rely on for support.  Try to deepen existing relationships before committing to a reclusive life. Spend more time talking to friends and family members. Be willing to share intimate secrets to your social contacts. If you have a few very close friends, you'll feel more secure in the fact your solitude is a choice rather than a necessity. If you're going to be spending a lot of time alone, stress management is important. Troubling thoughts may be harder to avoid if you have a lot of time to yourself.  As stated, have someone you can call in the event you are feeling very stressed or down. You do not have to socialize frequently if you don't want to, but having at least a few contacts for social support is important. Practice stress-reducing activities, like meditation, deep breathing, and yoga. Exercise regularly. Having a regular exercise regimen can help you manage negative emotions. Strive for 150 minutes of moderate aerobic activity a week or 75 minutes of intense aerobic activity.
What is a summary of what this article is about?