Please answer the following question: Information:  - Herlev Kommune is a suburban municipality (Danish, "kommune") in Region Hovedstaden on the island of Zealand ("Sjælland") in eastern Denmark. The municipality covers an area of 12 km², and has a total population of 27,851 (1 April 2014). Its mayor is Thomas Gyldal Petersen, a member of the Social Democrats ("Socialdemokraterne") political party. The former village Herlev is the largest settlement of the municipal and the site of the municipal council.   - Herlev is a suburb about 9 km northwest of Copenhagen city center. It is the site of the municipal council of Herlev Municipality, Denmark.  - Mike Lindemann Jensen ( born 19 February 1988 in Herlev ) is a Danish footballer who currently plays for the Norwegian football club Rosenborg . He is the son of former Brøndby IF player Henrik Jensen . He won the 2006 Danish under - 19 Player of the Year award , and made his Brøndby IF first team debut in April 2006 . In October 2015 , Jensen won the Norwegian league Tippeligaen with Rosenborg . One month later , In November , Rosenborg secured the Norwegian double , when Jensen scored the last goal against Sarpsborg 08 in the Norwegian Football Cup - finale of 2015 . Rosenborg won the finale 2 - 0 .  - Denmark is a Scandinavian country in Europe. The southernmost and smallest of the Nordic countries, it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway, and bordered to the south by Germany. The Kingdom of Denmark is the sovereign state that comprises Denmark proper and two autonomous constituent countries in the North Atlantic Ocean: the Faroe Islands and Greenland. Denmark has a total area of , and a population of 5.7 million. The country consists of a peninsula, Jutland, and an archipelago of 443 named islands, with the largest being Zealand and Funen. The islands are characterised by flat, arable land and sandy coasts, low elevation and a temperate climate.  - Copenhagen (, ); ) is the capital and most populated city of Denmark. It has a municipal population of 591,481 and a larger urban population of 1,280,371. The Copenhagen metropolitan area has just over 2 million inhabitants. The city is situated on the eastern coast of the island of Zealand; another small portion of the city is located on Amager, and is separated from Malmö, Sweden, by the strait of Øresund. The Øresund Bridge connects the two cities by rail and road.  - A suburb is a residential area or a mixed use area, either existing as part of a city or urban area or as a separate residential community within commuting distance of a city. In most English-speaking regions, suburban areas are defined in contrast to central or inner city areas, but in Australian English and South African English, "suburb" has become largely synonymous with what is called a "neighborhood" in other countries and the term extends to inner city areas. In some areas, such as Australia, China, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and a few U.S. states, new suburbs are routinely annexed by adjacent cities. In others, such as Arabia, Canada, France, and much of the United States, many suburbs remain separate municipalities or are governed as part of a larger local government area such as a county.    What is the relationship between 'mike jensen' and 'herlev municipality'?
Answer: