Question: Black Shawl or Tasina Sapewin was the wife of Crazy Horse, whom she married in 1871. She was a member of the Oglala Lakota and relative of Spotted Tail. Her brother was Red Feather. The elders sent her to heal Crazy Horse after his altercation with No Water. She had a daughter the same year, whose name was They Are Afraid of Her. They Are Afraid of Her died at age three, likely of cholera. Black Shawl also suffered the same disease, and was treated by Dr. Valentine McGillycuddy.

Answer this question: when did they are afraid of her die?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: They Are Afraid of Her died at age three, likely of cholera. The answer is at age three.

Question: The first point along the graph where a response above zero (or above the control response) is reached is usually referred to as a threshold-dose. For most beneficial or recreational drugs, the desired effects are found at doses slightly greater than the threshold dose. At higher doses, undesired side effects appear and grow stronger as the dose increases. The more potent a particular substance is, the steeper this curve will be. In quantitative situations, the Y-axis often is designated by percentages, which refer to the percentage of exposed individuals registering a standard response (which may be death, as in LD). Such a curve is referred to as a quantal dose-response curve, distinguishing it from a graded dose-response curve, where response is continuous (either measured, or by judgment).

The threshold on a dose-response curve is the?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: The first point along the graph where a response above zero (or above the control response) is reached is usually referred to as a threshold-dose. The answer is The first point along the graph where a response above zero ( or above the control response ) is reached.

Question: "Do not go gentle into that good night" is a poem in the form of a villanelle, and the most famous work of Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (1914 -- 1953). Though first published in the journal Botteghe Oscure in 1951, it was written in 1947 when he was in Florence with his family. It was published, along with other stories previously written, as part of his In Country Sleep, And Other Poems in 1952.

Based on this passage, who said do not go gentle into that good night?
Answer: The relevant information to answer the above question is: "Do not go gentle into that good night" is a poem in the form of a villanelle, and the most famous work of Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (1914 -- 1953). The answer is Dylan Thomas.

Question: Context: The Gulf of Mexico (Spanish: Golfo de México) is an ocean basin and a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean, largely surrounded by the North American continent. It is bounded on the northeast, north and northwest by the Gulf Coast of the United States, on the southwest and south by Mexico, and on the southeast by Cuba. The U.S. states of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida border the Gulf on the north, which are often referred to as the "Third Coast" in comparison with the U.S. Atlantic and Pacific coasts, or sometimes the "south coast", in juxtaposition to the Great Lakes region being the "north coast."

Question: what type of landform is the gulf of mexico?
Answer: