A man has been handed one of the most bizarre ASBOs ever issued by magistrates  - he is banned from falling over anywhere in England and Wales. Serial attention-seeker Andrew Davies, 51, was given the anti-social behaviour order after he took to lying in the road and feigning injuries in order to dupe passing motorists into calling him an ambulance. Incredibly, the order bans Davies from deliberately falling over and lying on the ground anywhere in England or Wales, if he is doing it to for attention. Andrew Davies, 51, was given an ASBO  after he took to lying in the road and feigning injuries for attention. A court heard how he began pestering emergency services with prank calls but later went to increasingly bizarre lengths to get his kicks, as neighbours and ambulance crews became familiar with his antics and tried to ignore him. After being persuaded by police to give up his mobile phone, Davies decided to attract attention instead by wandering the streets near his home in Princes Risborough, Buckinghamshire, before pretending to fall over and acting as though he had been injured. When his increasingly fed-up neighbours began ignoring his amateur dramatics, he took to busy main roads nearby and would lie on the ground, pretending he had been hit by a car, until someone stopped to assist him. Davies was handed the two-year ASBO, which also prohibits him from being drunk in a public place and calling the emergency services unless in a genuine emergency, by magistrates in High Wycombe. The bench ruled that the ASBO was necessary to protect the public and emergency services from the consequences of his anti-social behaviour. PC Chris Allman, from Thames Valley Police, said: 'Davies came to police attention initially by making time-wasting calls to the emergency services. On most occasions he would be intoxicated. 'When dealt with by a police and council joint team he gave away his telephone to stop the temptation. However he then took to pretending to fall in the street near his home as a way of attracting attention to himself. 'He would lay there feigning an injury until an ambulance attended. Local residents came to know what he was doing and started to ignore him and regard him as a nuisance. Davies then would orchestrate his falls on a nearby main road whereby he would be seen by a larger number of people. High Wycombe Magistrates' Court (pictured) where Davies was given the ASBO. He is banned from deliberately falling over, drinking in public, and contacting the emergency services unless it is a genuine emergency. 'Numerous motorists have done the decent thing and stopped to assist the man laying on the ground. Not realising they were being duped, they invariably would call an ambulance to attend to him. 'The ambulance staff and paramedics would normally recognise Davies and know what he was doing but were duty-bound to deal with him professionally. On a number of occasions he was taken to Stoke Mandeville Hospital in Aylesbury where he was more thoroughly checked over but he was always discharged as having no injuries. 'He has been offered support from numerous agencies and given many opportunities to change his behaviour. Davies' continual lack of engagement has ultimately resulted in this town wide ASBO.'
Summarize the highlights of this article.