Here is an article:

For most of a week she was handcuffed, gagged and locked in a closet.

The 15-year-old from Massachusetts endured seven days of beatings and sexual torture by a Long Island couple she met through the Internet, who later coerced her to New York - and then "loaned" her for two days to a Queens man who abused her as a sex slave as well, police said.

The girl's first contact with the couple came months ago, when she met James Warren, 41, in an America Online chat room and told him she wanted to run away from the home where she lived with her parents.

They arranged to meet in Wrentham, Mass., on Aug. 3, and Warren brought along Beth Loschin, 46. The teen got in their car, "and after about an hour, she knew she was in over her head," said Nassau County Detective Lt. Vincent Robustelli.

They spent one night at a motel near Providence, R.I., where the couple raped her, and then drove to Loschin's and Warren's homes, where the attacks continued, police said.

On Wednesday, the couple even forced her to call cops in her suburban Boston hometown of Wrentham and made her say she was okay and heading to California.

But, police said, she was headed instead to the Astoria, Queens, apartment of Michael Montez.

Warren and Loschin "told her they were going to loan her to Michael," according to the criminal complaint. "If she did not do what Michael wanted, they would beat her more . . . and would kill her and get rid of her."

The girl was told to wear high heels and black lingerie for Montez, prosecutors said.

Montez allegedly stuffed the teen's ears with toilet paper, used bandages to cover her eyes and locked her in a closet. Prosecutors said he tied a rope around the girl's neck and anchored the other end to a clothes rack.

It wasn't until Friday, the seventh day of her ordeal, back in Loschin's home in Farmingdale, L.I., that the girl managed to snoop around the cluttered residence, police said.

With the couple outside, she found the cell phone they had taken from her and quietly called Wrentham police, who had been looking for her and left her a message checking on her well-being.

When she asked for help but said she didn't know where she was, they told her to try to find some mail.

She did, and minutes later Nassau County cops were at the house, arresting Loschin, a divorced mother of two, and Warren, a computer repairman from Hampton Bays, L.I.

Law enforcement sources said the girl's injuries included trauma to her genital area, strangulation marks on her neck and hemorrhaging in her eyes, a result of choking. She was being treated at a Nassau hospital yesterday and expected to return home with her mother.

Warren faces kidnapping, sodomy, rape and sexual abuse charges. Police said he had been convicted in Connecticut of a child-related offense in 1979 and served three years in jail.

Loschin was charged with several counts of sodomy and sexual abuse.

Cops arrested Montez, 35, on Saturday. He was expected to be arraigned last night on kidnapping, rape and sodomy charges.

Loschin's neighbors said she was distant and rarely socialized outside the home. They noted that her lawn rarely is mowed and that her ranch-style house is dark and dreary.

Graphic: TRAIL OF TERROR Teen's week long ordeal, according to police

Write a title for it.