Student A:Context: "A Bushel and a Peck" is a popular song written by Frank Loesser and published in 1950. The song was introduced in the Broadway musical Guys and Dolls, which opened at the 46th Street Theater on November 24, 1950. It was performed on stage by Vivian Blaine, who later reprised her role as Miss Adelaide in the 1955 film version of the play. "A Bushel and a Peck," however, was not included in the film, and instead replaced by a new song, titled "Pet Me, Poppa."

Question: who sings i love you a bushel and a peck?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: It was performed on stage by Vivian Blaine, who later reprised her role as Miss Adelaide in the 1955 film version of the play.
Vivian Blaine.

Problem:Context: The central dogma of molecular biology is an explanation of the flow of genetic information within a biological system. It is often stated as "DNA makes RNA and RNA makes protein," although this is an oversimplification. It was first stated by Francis Crick in 1958:

Question: the central dogma of molecular biology concerns the?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The central dogma of molecular biology is an explanation of the flow of genetic information within a biological system.
the flow of genetic information within a biological system.

Student A:In May 2015, Courtney appears to her son Spencer to help him realize that he is not disfigured from the fire he was injured months earlier, as well as helping him to become a better person. Before leaving, Courtney assures Spencer that she loves him and that she is always with him.

Answer this question: on general hospital who is spencer cassadine mother?
Student B:OK... The relevant information is: In May 2015, Courtney appears to her son Spencer to help him realize that he is not disfigured from the fire he was injured months earlier, as well as helping him to become a better person.
Courtney.

Problem:Passage: Chandler works as an IT procurements manager with the specialization "Statistical analysis and data reconfiguration," but loathes it. In Season 9, he quits his job and Monica helps him start a new career in advertising.

Question: Based on this passage, what does chandler do after he quits his job?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: In Season 9, he quits his job and Monica helps him start a new career in advertising.
a new career in advertising.

Student A:The Minister for Defence (Irish: An tAire Cosanta) is the senior minister at the Department of Defence in the Government of Ireland. The current Minister for Defence is Leo Varadkar, TD.

Based on this passage, who is the minister for defence in ireland?
Student B:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: The current Minister for Defence is Leo Varadkar, TD.
Leo Varadkar , TD.

Student A:The concept of a nocturnal park in Singapore was suggested in the 1980s by the former executive chairman of the Singapore Zoo, Dr Ong Swee Law. Constructed at a cost of S $ 63 million, the Night Safari was officially opened on 26 May 1994 and occupies 35 hectares (86 acres) of secondary rainforest adjacent to the Singapore Zoo and Upper Seletar Reservoir.

Answer this question based on the passage: where is the night safari located in singapore?
Student B: