Write highlights for this article:

By. David Baker. Last updated at 5:14 PM on 26th January 2012. Write off: Pc Paul Fletcher appeared on TV police show Car Wars before he wrecked a £40,000 supercar on a test drive. The policeman who wrecked a £40,000 supercar on a test drive has been unveiled as the former star of a police TV show. Pc. Paul Fletcher was at the wheel of a Volkswagen Golf R - which has a top. speed of 155mph - when it crashed during a trial in Manchester at 2am,. writing the Golf off. Greater Manchester Police officers. were trialling the vehicle ahead of a decision on whether to purchase. them for use in high-speed pursuits. It is. understood the smash was caught on camera by an officer in another top. of the range car, which had been taken out for a spin at the same time. It has emerged that Pc Fletcher. starred in the BBC show Car Wars in which GMP officers were filmed. during high speed police chases. He was so popular in fact that a. social networking site was set up in honour of him called The Paul. Fletcher Appreciation Society. A. five-minute internet clip from the programme features Pc Fletcher and a. colleague pursuing a gang of ram-raiders through Salford before the. stolen car stops and the driver and passengers flee. Other. footage shows Pc Fletcher - who works in GMP’s Automatic Numberplate. Recognition Intercept Unit - introducing viewers to an unmarked police. Subaru Impreza used for tracking suspects. In the clip he says it has a top speed of 155mph, adding ‘this is what it is all about’. He also tells viewers about the ‘toys’ they use to help stop suspected car thieves, such as an on-board computer to trace registration and owner details, and a Stinger device, which uses nails to stop a vehicle during a pursuit. Destroyed: This is all that remains of a £40,000 top of the range Volkswagen which was loaned to Greater Manchester Police for a test drive. Pc Fletcher has now been suspended. from driving duties after he lost control of the top-of-the-range. Volkswagen after skidding at a roundabout in Wharfside Way, Trafford. Park. He had to be rescued by firefighters and suffered spinal injuries but has now been released from hospital. The Golf supercar finished on its roof in the middle of the roundabout but police have ruled out ice as a factor in the smash. Road Wars: Pc Paul Fletcher appeared on the TV show Road Wars, which followed officers on high speed police chases. A file will now be prepared for the Crown Prosecution Service who must decide if Pc Fletcher should face an criminal charges. He was testing the capabilities of the car which GMP had had for two days when it crashed. Other officers had also tried it. The. car is the most powerful and fastest-accelerating Golf ever produced. and can go from 0 to 62 mph in just 5.7 seconds. No decision has been. made by the force on whether to buy any. In. a statement GMP said: 'As a result of this incident, GMP is currently. reviewing its policy on officers test driving demonstration cars on. public roads. That review is ongoing and it would not be appropriate to. make any further comment.' Top condition: How the £40,000 Volkswagen Golf R should look. Time to think: Greater Manchester Police is to review its policy of using public roads to test-drive cars following the crash.