Ques & Ans: Context: Metonymy (/ mɪˈtɒnɪmi / mi-TON-i-mee) is a figure of speech in which a thing or concept is referred to by the name of something closely associated with that thing or concept. The words metonymy and metonym come from the Greek μετωνῠμία, metōnymía, "a change of name", from μετά, metá, "after, beyond", and-ωνυμία,-ōnymía, a suffix that names figures of speech, from ὄνῠμα, ónyma or ὄνομα, ónoma, "name".

Question: the idea that concepts are represented by a common instance of the category is called?
Metonymy
Stream of consciousness: To answer the question, consider the following: Metonymy (/ mɪˈtɒnɪmi / mi-TON-i-mee) is a figure of speech in which a thing or concept is referred to by the name of something closely associated with that thing or concept.

Ques & Ans: The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo (Tratado de Guadalupe Hidalgo in Spanish), officially titled the Treaty of Peace, Friendship, Limits and Settlement between the United States of America and the Mexican Republic, is the peace treaty signed on February 2, 1848, in the Villa de Guadalupe Hidalgo (now a neighborhood of Mexico City) between the United States and Mexico that ended the Mexican -- American War (1846 -- 1848). The treaty came into force on July 4, 1848.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo happen?
July 4 , 1848
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information is: The treaty came into force on July 4, 1848.

Ques & Ans: Indian Accounting Standard (abbreviated as Ind-AS) is the Accounting standard adopted by companies in India and issued under the supervision and control of Accounting Standards Board (ASB), which was constituted as a body in the year 1977. ASB is a committee under Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) which consists of representatives from government department, academicians, other professional bodies viz. ICAI, representatives from ASSOCHAM, CII, FICCI, etc.

Based on this passage, who is responsible for issuing accounting standard in india?
Accounting Standards Board ( ASB )
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: Indian Accounting Standard (abbreviated as Ind-AS) is the Accounting standard adopted by companies in India and issued under the supervision and control of Accounting Standards Board (ASB), which was constituted as a body in the year 1977.

Ques & Ans: The first series of The Great British Bake Off, first aired on BBC Two on 17 August 2010. Ten home bakers took part in a bake-off to test every aspect of their baking skills as they battled to be crowned the Great British Bake Off's best amateur baker. Each week the nationwide tour saw bakers put through three challenges in a particular discipline, with some being eliminated from competition at the end of the episode. The rounds of the competition took place in various locations across the UK following a theme, for example, the episode on puddings would take place in Bakewell, bread baking would take place near Sandwich. This first series had a voiceover by Stephen Noonan; for the subsequent series this role was taken by the on-screen presenters Mel Giedroyc and Sue Perkins. The competition was won by Edd Kimber.

Answer this question: who won the first season of bake off?
Edd Kimber
Stream of consciousness: