What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Look for a scent that adds to your style and complements your overall presentation. A great scent is one you don't mind smelling all day. It shouldn't be too strong, since some people are sensitive to overpowering smells. Experiment with different scents until you find a few you like. You can wear the same scent every day or rotate between a few.  Different scents are great for different occasions. A citrusy, floral, sweet scent might be great for daytime wear, while you might choose something musky and a bit stronger to wear at night. If you're looking for a more masculine scent, go for a cologne with notes of fir, cedar and sandalwood. Scents change depending on who is wearing them. They interact with your unique body chemistry and change a little throughout the day. It's something to keep in mind when you're picking out a scent - one that works for your friend might not smell the same way on you. You can also use a scent in the form of lotion or body oil, if you prefer. Solid perfume is another popular choice. Don't bathe yourself in your chosen scent. Use it strategically, so people nearby get small whiffs, but don't feel overwhelmed. A little goes a long way, especially if you're using real perfume. Put some on your wrists, neck, and behind your ears - that's probably all you need.  If you're using a spray bottle, don't spray it directly on your body at a close range. Hold the bottle several inches from your body and spray lightly, then move your wrist or other body part into the mist. Even if you're using scented lotion, you probably don't want to slather it all over your body. Just use it in a few places, like your hands and neck. Use an unscented lotion to moisturize the rest of your skin. If your shampoo doesn't have much of a smell, you might want to add a bit of scent to your hair. This is a nice, subtle way to keep you smelling great all day long. Rub a little perfume or essential oil between your palms, then smooth it gently through your hair. Alternatively, you could add a few drops of your favorite scent to your unscented shampoo or conditioner. It's not a good idea to wear 3 - 4 warring scents that leave a smelly trail in your wake when you walk down the hall. Instead of asking you the name of your perfume, people will pinch their noses when they see you coming! Just wear one main scent at a time.  That means that if you have a strongly-scented lotion, you shouldn't also wear perfume, and vice versa. Be sure you aren't accidentally wearing too many scents. Your deodorant, hairspray, and lip balm might all be scented. Try to choose unscented products and stick to one or two main scents. If you don't want to splurge on a bottle of perfume or cologne, you can make your own scent! Purchase a few different essential oils, like rose, lavender, lemongrass or vetiver, and use a few drops instead of perfume. You can even make your own perfume blend by mixing several different essential oils together until you come up with something you like.  To find essential oils, check out health food stores. They're usually in the body care section. You can dilute your essential oil mix with water or vodka so that it doesn't smell as strong. Put it in a spray bottle and use it on your body and hair.

Summary: