In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Petroleum jelly products like Vaseline act as a shield, helping to seal in the natural moisture of your eyelashes and eyebrows. Just simply put some Vaseline petroleum jelly on the roots of your eyelashes before going to bed.  Rinse your eyelashes with warm water in the morning. You can even rub the Vaseline on your eyebrows. You could use a Q-Tip or clean mascara brush to apply. Try applying Vaseline to your eyelashes every night while you sleep and in weeks you should have longer, thicker eyelashes. While some holistic health practitioners warn against petroleum jelly, the kind that you can buy in stores is regarded as safe by both the FDA and Health Canada. However, petroleum jelly from unregulated markets may be dangerous. Stick to brand names from trusted retailers if you use this treatment. These oils are known to strengthen and stimulate eyelash growth. You could also mix them together.  Just pour a few drops of the oil onto a Q-Tip, and then coat your eyelashes with it. Keep it on your lashes for a few minutes (around 5-8 minutes) and then rinse. Do this once a day for 1-2 weeks, and you should notice the effect soon. Also apply olive or coconut oil on your eyelids and on the skin under your eyes every night (before you go to bed) for a noticeable effect. Apply olive or coconut oil with a cotton swab. Plan not to use eye makeup on days when you use oil, as the oil could cause cosmetics like mascara to run or bleed. Despite the disgusting idea of rubbing raw eggs on your eyelashes, eggs are a very good way of getting lengthy, healthy eyelashes.  The high protein in eggs can help create thicker and longer eyelashes. In addition, eggs contain biotin and B vitamins that play a major role in improving the overall texture of your lashes. Just beat 1 egg and 1 tablespoon of glycerin until you get a thick, creamy texture. Then rub this mixture onto your eyelashes using a cotton swab and keep on for 15 minutes. Rinse off using cold water. Repeat this remedy 3 times a week for a few months. Look for glycerin at your local drugstore, pharmacy, craft store, or grocery store. Use a clean brush or a cotton swab to apply castor oil on your lashes before going to bed. You can also add a few drops of vitamin E oil to the castor oil before applying.  Leave it on overnight, then rinse it off with lukewarm water in the morning. Alternatively, mix together 2 tablespoons each of castor oil and fresh aloe vera gel. Apply it on your eyelashes using a cotton swab. Leave it on overnight, then rinse it off the next morning.  You could also add a few drops of the oil to your mascara tube. The peels are rich in vitamins C and B, folic acid and other nutrients that promote the growth of eyelashes.  Also, when infused in olive or castor oil, they will help enhance the cleansing and stimulating properties of the oil. Put 1 tablespoon of moderately dried lemon peels in a container. Pour enough olive or castor oil into the container, so that the peels get soaked. Allow the mixture to sit for a couple of weeks. Using a clean mascara stick, apply the oil on your eyelashes before going to bed. Leave it on overnight, then wash it off with warm water in the morning. Follow this remedy for a few months to get encouraging results.