Q:Information:  - Hoffenheim is a village in Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It belongs to the municipality of Sinsheim and, as of 2006, it has a population of 3,272.  - Volker Kauder ( born 3 September 1949 in Hoffenheim ) is a German CDU politician . Since 2005 he has been the parliamentary group leader of the ruling CDU and Christian Social Union in Bavaria in the German Bundestag ( lower house ) . Kauder is frequently referred to as the `` right hand '' of Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel  - The leader or chairman of a parliamentary group holds an influential political post in a parliamentary system with strong party discipline. When a party is in opposition, or the minor or junior partner in a governing coalition, they are not often the political leader of the party and the primary spokesperson for the party, although this is also true of the governing party in some cases. When a parliamentary group gains the confidence of the legislature (that is, secures the most seats in the legislature), the leader of that group often becomes the Prime Minister or Premier.  - Angela Dorothea Merkel (née Kasner; born 17 July 1954) is a German politician who is currently Chancellor of Germany. She is also the leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - Party discipline is the ability of a parliamentary group of a political party to get its members to support the policies of their party leadership. In liberal democracies, it usually refers to the control that party leaders have over their caucus members in the legislature. Party discipline is important for all systems of government that allow parties to hold political power because it determines the degree to which the governmental infrastructure will be affected by legitimate political processes.   - The Bundestag ("Federal Diet") is a constitutional and legislative body at the federal level in Germany. For its similar function, it is often described as a lower house of parliament along the lines of the US House of Representatives and the Canadian or the British House of Commons. The German constitution, however, does not define the Bundestag and the Bundesrat as the lower and upper houses of a bicameral legislature.  - Rhein-Neckar-Kreis is a district ("Kreis") in the northwest of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighboring districts are Bergstraße, Odenwaldkreis, Neckar-Odenwald, Heilbronn, Karlsruhe, the independent city Speyer, the Rhein-Pfalz-Kreis, and the independent cities Mannheim and Heidelberg.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'member of political party' with the subject 'volker kauder'.  Choices: - christian democratic union  - independent  - liberal  - republic  - union
A: