Information:  - The Lonely Silver Rain (1985) is the 21st and final novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The work was published a year prior to the author's death, and was not intentionally the end of the series. It is also notable for the introduction of McGee's daughter Jean, who he unwittingly (but not unwillingly) sired with the now-deceased love interest Puss Killian from the ninth book in the series: "Pale Gray for Guilt". At the end of the book McGee has taken all of his cash in hand except for a few hundred dollars and placed it in a trust fund for his newly met teenage daughter, and needs to go back to work as a "salvage consultant." The author's death prevented any further development of this new character and plot line.  - Sue Taylor Grafton (born April 24, 1940) is a contemporary American author of detective novels. She is best known as the author of the 'alphabet series' (""A" Is for Alibi", etc.) featuring private investigator Kinsey Millhone in the fictional city of Santa Teresa, California. The daughter of detective novelist C. W. Grafton, she has said the strongest influence on her crime novels is author Ross Macdonald. Prior to success with this series, she wrote screenplays for television movies.  - Travis McGee is a fictional character, created by prolific American mystery writer John D. MacDonald. Unlike most detectives in mystery/detective fiction, McGee is neither a police officer nor a private investigator; instead, he is a self-described "salvage consultant" who recovers others' property for a fee of 50%. McGee appeared in 21 novels, from "The Deep Blue Good-by" in 1964 to "The Lonely Silver Rain" in 1984. In 1980, the McGee novel "The Green Ripper" won the National Book Award. All 21 books have the theme of a color in the title, one of the earliest examples of detective/mystery fiction series to have a 'title theme' (e.g. the Sue Grafton] 'alphabet' series; Janet Evanovich's 'number' series of Stephanie Plum books, etc.)  - John Dann MacDonald (July 24, 1916  December 28, 1986) was an American writer of novels and short stories, known for his thrillers.  - The Green Ripper ( 1979 ) is a mystery novel by John D. McDonald , the eighteenth of 21 in the Travis McGee series . It won a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in the one - year category Mystery . The plot is centered on revenge against a secretive , terrorist cult that is responsible for killing McGee 's lover Gretel . The title is a word play on the name of the Grim Reaper . McGee 's friend , Meyer , an economist , features prominently in the novel .  - The Deep Blue Good-by is the first of 21 novels in the Travis McGee series by American author John D. MacDonald. Commissioned in 1964 by Fawcett Publications editor Knox Burger, the book establishes for the series an investigative protagonist in a residential Florida base. All titles in the 21-volume series include a color, a mnemonic device which was suggested by his publisher so that when harried travelers in airports looked to buy a book, they could at once see those MacDonald titles they had not yet read. (MacDonald also included color in a further two unrelated novels: "A Flash of Green" and "The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything".)    What is the relationship between 'the green ripper' and 'fawcett publications'?