Information:  - Dashboard Confessional is an American rock band from Boca Raton, Florida, led by singer-songwriter Chris Carrabba. The name of the band is derived from the song "The Sharp Hint of New Tears" off their debut album, "The Swiss Army Romance".  - Vagrant Records is an American record label based in California. It was founded in 1995 by Rich Egan, and is currently run by President Jon Cohen. The label focuses on rock but features artists in a variety of other genres including folk, soul, electronic, and pop. It is home to artists such as The 1975, Death Spells, Eels, Bad Suns, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes, CRUISR, Active Child, PJ Harvey, School of Seven Bells, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, James Vincent McMorrow, Black Joe Lewis, Wake Owl, Blitzen Trapper, and Bombay Bicycle Club. Originally, Vagrant Records was mostly focused on emo bands such as Dashboard Confessional, Saves the Day, The Get Up Kids, and Alkaline Trio. In 2014, it was acquired by BMG Rights Management.  - Further Seems Forever is an American rock band formed in 1998 in Pompano Beach, Florida. Over its initial eight-year run the band experienced several lineup changes, resulting in a different lead vocalist performing on each of their first three studio albums. Original singer Chris Carrabba recorded "The Moon Is Down" (2001) with the group before leaving to start Dashboard Confessional. He was replaced by Jason Gleason, who performed on "How to Start a Fire" (2003) but left the band the following year. Former Sense Field vocalist Jon Bunch joined Further Seems Forever for "Hide Nothing" (2004). The band broke up in 2006 but reunited four years later with Carrabba on vocals. Their fourth studio album, "Penny Black", was released in 2012.  - Christopher Andrew "Ender" Carrabba (born April 10, 1975) is the lead singer and guitarist of the band Dashboard Confessional, lead singer of the band Further Seems Forever, and is the vocalist for the folk band Twin Forks.   - `` Hands Down '' is a song by Dashboard Confessional that was originally recorded for the acoustic So Impossible EP in 2001 , which told the story of a date that Chris Carrabba had in his late teens / early twenties . It was re-recorded for the LP A Mark , a Mission , a Brand , a Scar in 2003 with a full band . Carrabba has said that this song is about the best day and date that he 's ever had , and introduces it as such at concerts .  - The Swiss Army Romance is the first full-length album by Dashboard Confessional.  - So Impossible EP is Dashboard Confessional's second EP. It was released on December 18, 2001 through Vagrant Records. The EP release was also widely acclaimed and received great scores in music review magazines like SPIN. All four songs would later be performed in Dashboard Confessional's MTV Unplugged performance. The same performance was released as an album in 2002.  - A Mark, a Mission, a Brand, a Scar is the third studio album recorded by the band Dashboard Confessional. The album was released on August 19, 2003 and has been certified gold by RIAA, meaning it has shipped over 500,000 copies in the United States. "Hands Down" was released to radio on July 15, 2003. "Rapid Hope Loss" was released to radio on December 9, 2003.    What is the relationship between 'hands down ' and 'vagrant records'?