Summarize this article:

Your parents still want to talk to you. Call them to see how they are doing. Fill them in on your life. This gesture shows them that you care and understand that they care about you. It will surely brighten their day to hear from you.  If you are busy, set up a weekly time for you to talk to them. Having a schedule will make it easier for you to remember that you need to touch base. Text them. More and more parents are picking up their cell phones and texting. Sending them a quick, “How are you?” or funny picture during the day will let them know they are on your mind and still important in our life. If you talk to one parent more than the other, see if you can talk to them both at the same time. That way, you can all connect at once and it will save everyone some time. There is nothing like face-to-face interaction with people. Your parents would love to give you hugs and see your expressions as you talk. Take time to go and sit down with them and you will see them smile.  If you live far away, video message. Buy a webcam if you do not have one on your computer, or download an app to your phone or tablet if it has a camera. Help your parents to install a program if they do not know how. Take them out and treat them. Though a house visit is nice, try and take your parents out to keep things interesting. Try activities with them that you think they would enjoy like joining classes or finding events around your communities. Not everyone’s parents are mobile, or maybe they no longer enjoy driving alone. Pick them up and take them to their appointments, the store, or different activities they might be apart of. This will be much appreciated by them and give you time to spend together. Both of those will make your parents happy.  Turn off the radio if you are in the car. Use this as a time to connect with your parents by talking and catching up on your lives. Your parents will enjoy the conversation with you and it will help you to bond on a more mature level. Make a day of it. Perhaps your mother or father has a few stops. Take them to every place, and maybe treat them to lunch or dinner. This is a great opportunity to spend time with each other and it would make your parents very happy if you take advantage of that. If you do not live near your parents, or even if you do, take time to write out a thoughtful letter and put it in the mail. It is quick to call them, but putting the thought into a hand-written note will be a nice surprise for them. If you need help writing a letter, look at https://www.wikihow.com/Write-a-Friendly-Letter for suggestions.  Email them if they are online. This is always a great way to contact your parents. Though it is not as personal as a letter, it is still thoughtful and would make them very happy to know that you are thinking about them. Send pictures in your letters. That way, they can see your face and hang onto the image. If you have children or other family members you live with, send pictures of them as well. This will delight your parents to see how everyone is doing and how the children have grown. Have your kids write letters or make pictures to send them. Your parents would love to hear from their grandkids. It would definitely make them happy to receive a handwritten note or drawing from your children.