In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Q: Question: Did the band Rufus have any hits? Passage 1:Seraphine co-wrote several songs for the band: "Lowdown" (a Top 40 hit for the band), the instrumentals "Prelude to Aire", "Aire", and "Devil's Sweet" from the album Chicago VII, "Little One", "Take Me Back to Chicago", "Show Me the Way", "Birthday Boy" and "Street Player". His writing partner was often David "Hawk" Wolinski, the keyboardist for Rufus featuring Chaka Khan. His song "Street Player" was sampled by The Bucketheads for the dance hit "The Bomb! (These Sounds Fall into My Mind)", and later by rapper Pitbull for the hit "I Know You Want Me (Calle Ocho)" from the album "Rebelution". The song samples "75, Brazil Street" by Nicola Fasano versus Pat Rich, which itself samples "Street Player". "I Know You Want Me" has also been featured in Dance Central, the dancing game for Kinect, Dance Dance Revolution X2 for PlayStation 2, and SingStar Dance, the dancing game for PlayStation Move.
 Passage 2:The son of James and Christina Murray, he was born at Aberdeen in June 1873. He was educated at both Aberdeen Grammar School and Galashiels Academy, before studying engineering at Heriot Watt Engineering School. He served in the Royal Navy, firstly as an assistant engineer, before being promoted to the rank of engineer in June 1902. He served as an engineering instructor at the Britannia Royal Naval College for over twenty years. He was appointed as the superintendent overseeing the construction of in 1902, joining the ship when it was commissioned in 1905. A keen cricketer, Murray made a single first-class cricket appearance for the Royal Navy, making his debut against the British Army cricket team at Lord's in 1913. Batting twice in the match, he was dismissed without scoring in the Royal Navy's first-innings by Harold Fawcus, while in their second-innings he was dismissed for 29 runs by the same bowler. Murray served in the First World War, during which he was seconded to the battleship . He served aboard the ship at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May 1916, when he was killed after the ship exploded and sank.
 Passage 3:A free agent at the age of 27, in 1995, he was signed by Bologna at the request of the club's sporting director at the time, Gabriele Oriali; Paramatti would make a name for himself with the club due to his consistent performances, eventually being named Bologna's captain. During his first season with the club, he helped Bologna to obtain Serie A promotion, winning the 1995–96 Serie B title. During the 1997–98 season under manager Renzo Ulivieri, he played alongside several notable players, such as Roberto Baggio, Giancarlo Marocchi, Igor Kolyvanov, and Kennet Andersson, helping Bologna to qualify for the 1998 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Bologna won the tournament the following season under Carlo Mazzone, qualifying for the 1998–99 UEFA Cup; the club would go on to reach the semi-finals of the competition, with Paramatti scoring in the return leg against Olympique Marseille. That season, the club also managed a semi-final finish in the Coppa Italia.

A: