Atletico Madrid star Diego Costa seemed to be running freely during a light training session as he attempts to recover from the hamstring injury which threatens to rule him out of the Champions League final against Real Madrid on Saturday. The 25-year-old even managed a couple of sprints after stretching and heading off to train alone with an Aletico coach. The Spanish club are giving Costa until the last possible moment to prove his fitness and will make a final decision on whether he is to take part in the match in Lisbon. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Diego Costa and the rest of the Atletico squad arrive in Lisbon. Ready? Diego Costa takes part in Atletico Madrid's final training session before the Champions League final. Limbering up: Costa (left) goes through some stretches as manager Simeone walks beside him. Eye on the ball: Costa kicks a ball around before having a conversation with an Atleti physio. Key man: Diego Simeone will be hoping Atletico striker Diego Costa (right) will be fit for the match. In the mix: Costa (centre) shares a joke with team-mates as spirits were high before training. Key man: Costa has been trying to recover from a grade 1 hamstring strain. Popular: Atletico Madrid midfielder Tiago claims Diego Simeone (above) is 'like a god' to his players. All smiles: The Atletico squad seemed to be in a relaxed mood before training on Friday. Before the training session, Atleti boss Diego Simeone claimed his team are fully prepared to be without Costa and Arda Turan for the final, but both will be given every chance of proving their fitness. He said: 'We’ll have to see how they train, how they feel and what we see. There are two players who know they’ll be playing if Arda and Costa don’t play. Simeone led his team to. the La Liga title earlier this month and was heaped with praise by. midfield general Tiago during the pre-match press conference on Friday evening. Speaking of his boss, Tiago said: 'He (Simeone) is like a God for us. He arrived and changed everything. 'What he says comes through to us. We follow him if he asks us to jump from the bridge, we jump. He knows a lot of football. We follow him and we are proud to have him as a coach.' The former Chelsea star also revealed that his team-mates are fully prepared to go head-to-head with their Spanish city rivals in his home country of Portugal. Waiting: Costa steps onto the field as he looks to find out if his hamstring injury has improved. Safe hands: Thibaut Courtois makes a save as his team train at the Estadio da Luz in Portugal. Still got it: Simeone juggles a ball ahead of training with his Atletico team. He added:. 'I know Real Madrid have Cristiano (Ronaldo) and other Portuguese. players but I am aware of many Portuguese who are rooting for me and. Atletico. 'It’s a special moment to be playing here in a stadium I know well. It. is a childhood dream. I am proud to be here in Atletico colours and. maybe tomorrow we will have the cup in our hands. 'We. trust our team. We are strong. We have proven all season we know what. we have to do. We will be strong. We will be the At Mad everyone knows. and that gives us strength. We will not miss out.' Spotlight: David Villa could be set for a starring role on Saturday if Costa cannot recover from his injury.

Write highlights for this article.