What Blockbuster Video Can Teach Us About Economics
The great Austrian School economist Ludwig Von Mises once wrote that the entrepreneur who fails to use his capital to the "best possible satisfaction of consumers" is "relegated to a place in which his ineptitude no longer hurts people's well-being."

Von Mises meant that successful businesses are successful because they fill an unmet need. If they're unsuccessful, it is often because they have failed the consumer. In that case bankruptcy is an economic good for relieving those the market has left for dead of any further capital to destroy.

The demise of Blockbuster ( BBI - news - people ) Video offers some lessons about Schumpeterian creative destruction, the necessary role of short-sellers in making markets transparent and the role of capital in rewarding winners and losers. Once a popular growth stock among investors, Blockbuster is now a sick company teetering on the edge of bankruptcy. While it would be foolish to cheer Blockbuster's decline, its descent speaks to the importance of allowing companies no longer fulfilling market needs to go bankrupt.

In better days Blockbuster was popular among investors. Its share price reached a modern high of $19 in 1999, and with good reason. Just as Wal-Mart's ( WMT - news - people ) customers benefit from the volume discounts secured by the world's largest retailer, so did Blockbuster's movie-fan customers gain from the lower prices for movie rentals that this volume buyer could command. This was certainly an improvement on the fractured video-store industry of the past, populated by local owners with no pull with the big studios.

But as often happens as companies grow, Blockbuster concentrated on perfecting its existing service while beating competitors offering the same instead of looking into ways that outsiders might destroy its business model altogether. Schumpeter long ago noted that entrepreneurs disrupt: For Blockbuster, the "disrupter" in question was Netflix ( NFLX - news - people ).

Indeed, popular as the Blockbuster brand was, getting to the video store in order to take advantage of its services was a hassle for customers--as was returning videos on time to avoid paying late fees. The rise of Netflix from well outside the traditional retail space meant these problems were solved in one fell swoop.

Netflix entered the market offering a monthly fee for movies, DVDs by mail and no limits on how long its customers could keep the movies in question. With no retail spaces of its own to drive up costs, Netflix out-innovated a former innovator with a service that licked the late-fee problem and didn't require customers to leave their houses.

Blockbuster ultimately copied the Netflix model with a mail-order service with the added benefit of dropping already-watched DVDs at its retail locations, but, as evidenced by the share prices of both companies, its actions were too little, too late. Netflix shares are presently trading in the $70 range vs. Blockbuster's shares that are now 30 cents.

As it always does, creative destruction has given customers what they want. And with video-on-demand increasingly prevalent, what's unknown is whether Netflix will be out-innovated on the way to oblivion as the market for movies perhaps shifts again.
What was this article about?