'Persecuted': Natalya Page's father Fred is backing his daughter's refusal to dye her hair back to its natural colour. A school sent a teenage girl into isolation because she dyed her hair red. Natalya Page, 14, was and told she could not attend lessons at Kenton Academy, in Kenton, Newcastle, until she had her hair dyed back to a natural colour. Teachers told her she would need to sit on her own with her form teacher, away from the rest of the class. They contacted the pupil's father asking for his permission to recolour his daughter's hair in the school salon. But Fred Page, 44, refused and accused the school of overreacting. Mr Page, a taxi driver, said: 'It’s ridiculous - she’s dyed her hair, not her brain. 'I do understand they have got to look after the image of the school, but how can it affect her education? 'How can they teach them to be different if they are going to put them down for the simplest of things? I just feel as though she is being persecuted.' Miss Page claims that she dyed her hair weeks ago, and that teachers have only just noticed the change. Principal David Pearmain said:. 'Natalya came to school last week with her hair dyed a colour which she. was well aware was against school uniform regulations. 'She was offered the opportunity to dye it back to a more natural colour but refused to do so,' he said. 'She. was also offered the option from our fully qualified and experienced. hair and beauty staff in our own well equipped salon. She and her family. refused this also. 'Therefore. she is being educated in isolation from other students until the issue. is resolved. She is present in school today and has not been excluded at. any time. Facilities: The Academy said it had its own fully equipped beauty salon and trained staff. 'We insist on high standards of dress and behaviour at all times.' Kenton Academy announced plans earlier this week to charge parents if. their children missed lessons. Now,. if a pupil falling into a 'causing concern' category has at least 2.5. days unauthorised absences, the school will issue a fixed penalty notice. - similar to a parking fine for motorists - to the child’s parents. The parents would then face a £60 fine which would increase to £120 if not paid within 21 days. August 2013: Annalise Wilks, 14, was sent home from Beaumont Leys School in Leicester on the first day of term because her trousers were 'too tight' - along with 25 other children sent home or put in isolation for breaking the 'zero tolerance' uniform policy. June 2013: Chloe Hunter, 12, was put into isolation at Kirkby Sports College in Merseyside because her stud earrings were coloured - and the school only allowed 'plain stud earrings' September 2012: Laura Entwistle, 15, was sent home from Swavesey Village College, Cambridgeshire, because her trousers were too tight around the ankles. May 2011: Pupils at Impington Village College near Cambridge rallied round 11-year-old Chris Whitehead, who wore a skirt in protest at the school's rule against boys wearing shorts in warm weather. He managed to have the no-shorts rule overturned. December 2008: Gemma Dixon refused to send her eight-year-old daughter Alisha to school at St John Vianney Primary School in Hartlepool when it banned her from wearing earrings.

What are highlight points for this article?