Jimmy Eat World is an American rock band from Mesa, Arizona that formed in 1993. The band is composed of vocalist and lead guitarist Jim Adkins, rhythm guitarist and vocalist Tom Linton, bassist Rick Burch and drummer Zach Lind. As of October 2016, Jimmy Eat World have released nine studio albums, the last eight featuring the current lineup. The four-piece's commercial breakthrough came with the successful release of several singles from the album Bleed American (2001).

In fall (autumn)/winter of 2011, Adkins announced that the band would be writing and recording for their next album. Lind stated in a Twitter post that the band will begin recording its next album during the latter part of August 2012 and, on September 5, 2012, another Twitter post stated that recording had begun for the eighth studio album with engineer/producer Alain Johannes.  On October 5, 2012, Jimmy Eat World posted on Twitter that the band had completed recording its eighth album and that the recording was being mixed at that time; the mastering process then commenced after a November 30, 2012 Twitter update indicated that the mixing process had been completed. On January 29, 2013, Jimmy Eat World stated on both its Twitter and Facebook profiles that the eighth studio album was "officially mastered and sequenced". In a Twitter post on Lind's individual profile, the drummer revealed that, as of January 29, 2013, the band was still seeking out a record label for the release of the eighth album. Lind briefly responded to a fan's query with: "@CallumSty no announcement coming soon. still looking for a label."  The official details of the eighth album, entitled Damage, emerged in early April 2013 and on April 10, 2013, a lead single titled "I Will Steal You Back" was revealed via the band's website. The title track Damage appears on the 7-inch Damage EP along with a cover version of the Radiohead song "Stop Whispering". The EP was released on April 20, 2013, for Record Store Day, an internationally recognized celebration in support of music and independent retail outlets. Jimmy Eat World also released the album's track-listing, consisting of ten songs, and June 11, 2013, as the official release date. Adkins explained in a Rolling Stone magazine interview that Damage is a "pretty energetic" work that explores the issue of relationship break-ups from the perspective of an adult: "I'm 37 and the world around me is a lot different than when I was writing break-up songs in my 20s. I tried to reflect that in what the lyrics are."  The release of Damage also signifies the cessation of Jimmy Eat World's independent era, as the band signed a recording contract with the Toronto, Canada-based record label Dine Alone Records. RCA Records released the eighth album in the U.S. on April 4, 2013 and internationally April 11, 2013. The album was recorded in Johannes' Los Angeles, U.S. home and was mixed by James Brown, who had previously worked with Sound City, Nine Inch Nails, and The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart.  The band posted a music video for the song "I Will Steal You Back" on their VEVO YouTube page on May 31, 2013. In October 2013, the band announced a series of December 2013 US tour dates that followed a UK/European tour. Answer this question using a quote from the following article:

when was it released