Write some highlights for the following article:

A task force has been formed to investigate the disappearance of three girls  in the same area of Connecticut 40 years ago. Thirteen-year-old Debra Spickler of Mystic disappeared in 1968, while walking to a swimming pool in Vernon. Janice Pockett was 7 when she was last seen riding her bicycle in nearby Tolland in July 1973. And, 13-year-old Lisa White was last seen walking near a Vernon park on November 1, 1974. Now, more than 40 years later with no leads on any of them, police have decided to reopen the cases - insisting they are 'certain' somebody has information that will solve them. Search: Police have reopened the search into the disappearances of 13-year-olds Debra Spickler (left) and Lisa White (right) who went missing within six years of each other in the same area of Connecticut 40 years ago. Missing: This is a reward poster issued the year Janice Pockett, then aged seven, went missing. 'This is huge, because I truly believe that there is somebody out there who knows something,' said Aprille Falletti of Ellington, who was 10 years old when her sister, Lisa White, disappeared. Vernon Police Lt. William Meier said part of the task force's job will be to determine if the girls' disappearances are linked and if the investigation should be expanded to include other missing persons cases from the area. The task force also will try to solve the mystery surrounding skeletal remains that were found in Vernon last year. The discovery sparked renewed interest in the missing girls before tests determined they belonged to a woman in her 40s or 50s. 'We have to care about our people; we especially have to care about little girls who are lost and their families,' said Chief State's Attorney Kevin Kane. 'We owe it to them to do our best and take another crack at these cases.' The state is offering $150,000 in rewards for the arrest and conviction of anyone responsible for the girls' disappearance. 'Extensive investigations have been conducted already, which include thousands of pages of police reports and supporting documents,' Meier said. 'However, with modern advances in technology and police procedures, we are hoping that a fresh look at these cases will produce new leads.' Never stop looking: Pockett's sister, who is now 47, said there have been many leads over the years. The team is made up of investigators from state and local police and the state attorney's office. Former state police Detective Michael Foley, who investigated one of the cases as a member of the Eastern District Crime Squad, has been hired as a consultant. Pockett's sister, 47-year-old Mary Engelbrecht of Manchester, said there have been many leads over the years, including the confession of a carnival worker, Charles Pierce, who was convicted of killing a 13-year-old girl in Massachusetts in 1969. Pierce, who died in prison in 1999, claimed he had killed several children, including Pockett, but was never charged. A 1980 search of an area where he claimed to have dumped Pockett's body turned up nothing. 'A day doesn't go by when I don't think about my sister and it can be overwhelming sometimes,' Engelbrecht said. 'But I do have hope that her case can be solved and we can get some answers.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.