Article:

Ashton Kutcher Asked Mila Kunis's Dad for His Blessing to Propose 
  
 Ashton Kutcher's Changing Looks 
  
 He may lead a nontraditional life, but Ashton Kutcher is by the books when it comes to marriage – when the actor proposed to Mila Kunis , he was doing it with the blessing of her beloved father, Mark."He talked with Mila's dad around Christmastime," a Kutcher insider tells PEOPLE. "He asked for Mark's blessing to marry her. It was important to Ashton to be respectful and traditional. This is the real thing for him and he wants to do it all right."Kunis was first spotted wearing her simple diamond engagement ring in late February. As for wedding plans, a source says the happy couple are sorting out logistics and will most likely marry this year."They don't want to wait," says the source. "This relationship started on solid ground and everything is working out. They are in it for the long haul, truly.""They are clearly very much in love, in tune with each other and so comfortable," another source said in September , prior to their engagement. "In some ways, it's like they're married already."Kutcher, 36, and Kunis, 30, were first rumored to be dating in April 2012, and from that point the former That '70s Show costars stepped out together often, going on vacation together and exhibiting plenty of PDA ||||| Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis are now planning a wedding and babies, but their former That ’70s Show co-stars are shocked because the two “despised each other,” during the making of the sitcom, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
  
 “Everyone shakes their head over the romance,” a longtime friend of Kutcher, 36, and Kunis, 30, said. 
  
 “Ashton and Mila were absolutely not friends during much of the making of That ’70s Show. In fact, they couldn’t stand working together.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Ashton Kutcher Hangs Out With Mila Kunis And Her Parents 
  
 Kunis played spoiled rich girl Jackie on the sitcom, who was romantically involved with Kutcher’s airhead character Kelso. That ’70s Show ran from 1998-2006. 
  
 But according to the source, “The two were never close on the set. Quite the opposite!” 
  
 However, after Kutcher’s messy split from wife Demi Moore, 51, in 2011, in which the actor was accused of cheating on her with a younger woman, “Mila was the one who came forward to bury the hatchet,” the source noted. 
  
 PHOTOS: Demi Moore Shows Off Her Bikini Bod With New Boyfriend 
  
 “She could see Ashton was going through a tough time and reached out to him. They built a solid friendship, which was a new thing for both of them.” 
  
 Their feelings turned into love, and after Kutcher’s divorce from Moore was finalized late last year, the two were finally free to get engaged. Recently, Kunis has been spotted wearing a massive diamond ring. 
  
 Signaling they were moving towards married life, they shared a double date on March 12 with Kutcher’s Two and a Half Men co-star Jon Cryer and his wife, Lisa Joyner. 
  
 PHOTOS: Ashton Kutcher & Mila Kunis Take In The Lakers Game 
  
 “Everyone’s amazed at how different Ashton and Mila are together from when they were younger,” the source said. “It’s such a total change and now they’re a match made in heaven – something that no one could have ever predicted in their wildest dreams back then!” |||||
What is a summary?