Information:  - Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) is a Linux distribution developed by Red Hat and targeted toward the commercial market. Red Hat Enterprise Linux is released in server versions for x86, x86-64, Itanium, PowerPC and IBM System z, and desktop versions for x86 and x86-64. All of the Red Hat's official support and training, together with the Red Hat Certification Program, focuses on the Red Hat Enterprise Linux platform. Red Hat Enterprise Linux is often abbreviated to RHEL, although this is not an official designation.  - A Linux distribution (often abbreviated as distro) is an operating system made from a software collection, which is based upon the Linux kernel and, often, a package management system. Linux users usually obtain their operating system by downloading one of the Linux distributions, which are available for a wide variety of systems ranging from embedded devices (for example, OpenWrt) and personal computers (for example, Linux Mint) to powerful supercomputers (for example, Rocks Cluster Distribution).  - WebConfig is an open sourced server administration and configuration tool licensed under the GPL . It is featured in ClearOS , ClarkConnect and CentralPointe Server . The goal of the tool is to make administration tasks of the Linux server easy to use and focuses on tasks relevant to operating the server for a small or medium - sized business . It covers administration of tasks to make the server easy to administer for tasks like file , print , messaging , unified threat management , quality of service , database , and web services . Some key features introduced by the system include multiwan ( allows the use of multiple internet connections ) , flexshares ( multiple protocol file sharing paradigm which includes CIFS , HTTP , FTP , and SMTP ) , and a template for changing the look and feel of the user interface . Webconfig also ties into services in the cloud using the closed source SUVA protocol and other protocols .  - ClearOS is a software company located in Utah, US and is better known for developing the ClearOS system. ClearOS System (formerly named ClarkConnect) is a Linux distribution, based on CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux, designed for use in small and medium enterprises as a network gateway and network server with a web-based administration interface. It is designed to be an alternative to Windows Small Business Server. ClearOS succeeds ClarkConnect. The software is built by ClearFoundation, and support services can be purchased from ClearCenter. ClearOS 5.1 removes previous limitations to mail, DMZ, and MultiWAN functions.  - CentOS (from Community Enterprise Operating System) is a Linux distribution that attempts to provide a free, enterprise-class, community-supported computing platform functionally compatible with its upstream source, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL). In January 2014, CentOS announced the official joining with Red Hat while staying independent from RHEL, under a new CentOS governing board.    What object entity has the relation of 'instance of' with the subject 'webconfig'?   Choices: - 1  - administration  - class  - collection  - community  - computing platform  - enterprise  - hat  - interface  - kernel  - mail  - market  - package  - server  - software  - system  - variety
The answer to this question is: