Ques & Ans: Parole officers and probation officers play a role in the criminal justice systems by supervising offenders released from prison or sentenced to non-custodial sanctions such as community service. In some jurisdictions parole or probation officers are involved in presenting reports on offenders and making sentencing recommendation to courts of law.

What is the role of a probation and parole officer?
supervising offenders released from prison or sentenced to non-custodial sanctions such as community service
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: Parole officers and probation officers play a role in the criminal justice systems by supervising offenders released from prison or sentenced to non-custodial sanctions such as community service.

Ques & Ans: The act avoided the highly disputed postponed life insurance policy payout for World War I veterans that caused political turmoil for a decade and a half after that war. Benefits included dedicated payments of tuition and living expenses to attend high school, college or vocational / technical school, low-cost mortgages, low-interest loans to start a business, as well as one year of unemployment compensation. It was available to all veterans who had been on active duty during the war years for at least 90 days and had not been dishonorably discharged -- exposure to combat was not required. The recipients did not pay any income tax on the G.I. benefits, since they were not considered earned income.

Answer this question based on the passage: what did the gi bill provide for returning veterans?
dedicated payments of tuition and living expenses to attend high school , college or vocational / technical school , low - cost mortgages , low - interest loans to start a business , as well as one year of unemployment compensation
Stream of consciousness: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Benefits included dedicated payments of tuition and living expenses to attend high school, college or vocational / technical school, low-cost mortgages, low-interest loans to start a business, as well as one year of unemployment compensation.

Ques & Ans: Urdu (/ ˈʊərduː /; Urdu: اُردُو ‬ ‎ ALA-LC: Urdū ( ˈʊrd̪uː) (listen), or Modern Standard Urdu ) is a Persianised and standardised register of the Hindustani language. It is the official national language and lingua franca of Pakistan. In India, it is one of the 22 official languages recognized in the Constitution of India, having official status in the five states of Jammu and Kashmir, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, and Jharkhand, as well as the national capital territory of Delhi.

Answer this question based on the passage: urdu is the official language of which state?
Pakistan
Stream of consciousness: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: It is the official national language and lingua franca of Pakistan.

Ques & Ans: In 1981, Camp Firewood, a summer camp located near Waterville, Maine, is preparing for its last day of camp. Counselors have one last chance to have a romantic encounter with another person at Camp Firewood. The summer culminates in a talent show.

Answer this question: where does wet hot american summer take place?
Camp Firewood , a summer camp located near Waterville , Maine
Stream of consciousness: