In week three, Chicago hosted the 2-0 Pittsburgh Steelers, who trailed the all-time series 18-7-1 and had not defeated the Bears since 2005. WBBM-TV writer Jeff Joniak described the Bears as in "clean-up mode" after a poor performance in Tampa. The battle between the Bears' rushing attack and the Steelers' run defense featured the former averaging just 2.9 yards per carry (27th in the league) taking on a defense that allowed just 74 yards per game and 3.3 yards per carry. Joniak added Chicago's running game should try to make progress on early downs to allow Mike Glennon to succeed against Pittsburgh. Defensively, Joniak wrote the Bears had "their hands full" as Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger was aided by receivers Antonio Brown and Martavis Bryant, running back Le'Veon Bell, and tight end Jesse James. In spite of Pittsburgh's success in contrast with Chicago's struggles, a common belief was that the Steelers would often "play down to their competition," one that was spurned in the wake of Glennon's 2014 Buccaneers upsetting the Steelers 27-24. The first two drives of the game ended with punts, but on the Bears' first punt of the game, Steelers returner Eli Rogers muffed the ball and Sherrick McManis recovered. Jordan Howard would score a three-yard touchdown run on the drive. On the Steelers' next drive, Roethlisberger was sacked by Bryce Callahan and fumbled, with Akiem Hicks recovering. The takeaway failed to result in points, however, as Connor Barth missed a 47-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Roethlisberger threw a seven-yard touchdown pass to Brown, which the Bears responded via Glennon's two-yard touchdown pass to Adam Shaheen. On the final play of the first half, Chris Boswell's 35-yard field goal was blocked by McManis into Marcus Cooper's hands. Cooper raced down the field before suddenly slowing down before he reached the end zone, which allowed Pittsburgh's Vance McDonald to knock the ball away at the one-yard line. The ball was then batted out of the end zone, which led to a penalty against the Steelers and an untimed play for the Bears. A false start penalty on Charles Leno Jr. prompted the Bears to instead kick a 24-yard field goal. In the second half, the Bears suffered their first turnover of the game when Howard was stripped by Ryan Shazier; the Steelers took advantage to score on Bell's one-yard touchdown run. A second giveaway occurred when Glennon's pass for Zach Miller was intercepted by J. J. Wilcox, which enabled the Steelers to tie the game on Boswell's 32-yard field goal. The game remained scoreless through the rest of the half, resulting in overtime. After winning the coin toss to start overtime with the ball, the Bears quickly scored on the second play of the series; Tarik Cohen broke through for a 73-yard touchdown run, but was ruled to have stepped out of bounds at the Steelers' 37-yard line. Two plays later, Howard scored the game-winning touchdown on a 19-yard run. In claiming their first victory of the season, the Bears' running backs provided a solid performance, recording a combined 220 yards on the ground - 200 yards more than in week two. The defense also shone, forcing two turnovers after having just one in the first two games.

Based on the above article, answer a question. How many yards was the longest field goal?