Which entity is this text about?

The Devil Wears Prada is an American Christian metalcore band from Dayton, Ohio, formed in 2005. It consists of members Mike Hranica (vocals, additional guitar), Jeremy DePoyster (rhythm guitar, vocals), Kyle Sipress (lead guitar, backing vocals), and Andy Trick (bass). The band had maintained its original lineup until keyboardist James Baney left the band. To date, the group has released six full-length albums: Dear Love:

The Devil Wears Prada began writing and recording their third album With Roots Above and Branches Below after attending 2008's Warped Tour. Prior to recording and production of it, vocalist Mike Hranica stated "Expect a much heavier and more epic record". Keyboardist, James Baney, also announced that their new album would be more mechanical but still containing their same distinct style whereas drummer, Daniel Williams, claimed that the new album would be "crazier and wilder" than their previous albums. In Autumn 2008, they debuted a song off of the upcoming record while on tour with Underoath, The Famine, Saosin, P.O.S, and Person L. The Devil Wears Prada performed with A Day to Remember, Sky Eats Airplane and Emarosa. They have also performed at 2009's Warped Tour to promote the release of With Roots Above and Branches Below. On March 13, the group released a song from the album prior to its release entitled "Dez Moines". Also before the release, the purchaser was given the option to receive several pre-ordered packages. One deal that features the album, a DVD and a shirt also includes a card with a code that let the purchaser download "Dez Moines", and "Assistant to the Regional Manager". The band launched their official website and released With Roots Above and Branches Below both on May 5, 2009. The sales of the album have been very satisfactory which brought it to position No. 11 on the Billboard 200 for top albums upon its release. The song "Dez Moines" was released as downloadable content for the video game Guitar Hero World Tour on May 7, as well as the song "Hey John, What's Your Name Again?" was released as downloadable content for Rock Band and Rock Band 2 on June 30, 2009.  As well as performing at the main stage of Warped Tour 2009, The Devil Wears Prada as well played at the iMatter Festival in Elmira, New York. On June 13, they performed the song "Danger: Wildman" for the first time in concert. Vocalist Mike Hranica, managed a clothing company called Shipshape Roolz Clothing in which he sponsored and endorsed bands. A fraction of Shipshape's scale money was donated to charities such as Skate 4 Cancer. As of September 29, 2009 the clothing line was shut down and its online store changed its named to Traditiona, due to "legal issues." From November 23 to December 21, 2009 the band toured with All That Remains and from February 4 to March 21, 2010 they were included on a tour headlined by Killswitch Engage and opened by Dark Tranquillity.  At the beginning of 2010, it was announced that The Devil Wears Prada were voted as 2009's Band of the Year by readers of Alternative Press and appeared on the cover. On February 12, 2010 the group confirmed the production for the "Assistant to the Regional Manager" music video, this led to its release on April 6, 2010 where it was premiered on Headbangers Ball.

Entity: