By. Beth Stebner and Sara Malm. PUBLISHED:. 06:37 EST, 17 October 2012. |. UPDATED:. 07:13 EST, 17 October 2012. Accused: Peter Gregory Chadwick, 48, denies murdering his wife Quee. A wealthy businessman charged with killing his wife has claimed another man is responsible for the murder. Peter Gregory Chadwick, 48, said his 46-year-old wife Quee was killed by a man who then forced him to load the body onto a truck. He says the person then ordered him to drive his own car towards Mexico, where Mr Chadwick contacted the police. The Newport Beach real-estate executive pleaded not guilty to a single count of murder for financial gain on Monday and remains on a $1.5 million bail. Police were called to the couple’s $2.5 million home on Wednesday after Mrs Chadwick had failed to pick up the couple’s three sons from school. They found ‘signs of foul play and struggle’ and prosecutors say Mr Chadwick killed his wife in a fight over a possible divorce and related financial issues. Stay-at-home mother Quee ‘Q.C.’ Chadwick has been missing since last Wednesday but no body has been found. Police have declined to say how they know the stay-at-home mother is dead. The couple's neighbour. Yulianna Nikulina told authorities that she heard Quee screaming around. 7am on Monday, the Daily Pilot reports, but said that was the only altercation she ever heard. coming from the family’s expansive home. She told the paper that Chadwick was a ‘nice man’ with ‘nothing wrong.’ She added: ‘I can only tell you good things about this couple.’ Ms Nikulina said that the couple’s three sons aged 8, 10, and 14, were also well-behaved. She said that Chadwick worked on his real estate businesses from home, and that Quee was a stay-at-home mother who had emigrated to California from China. Mr Chadwick was arrested on Thursday after he made a phone call to the San Diego police near the Mexican border at Tijuana. Newport Beach police spokeswoman Kathy Lowe said that police declined to specify why he called for help. Suspect: Peter Chadwick, far right, has pleaded not guilty over the murder of his wife, Quee, far left; they are pictured with their three sons. Prosperous: The family lives at this multimillion-dollar home in a gated community in Newport Beach, California. When police in San Diego took him into. custody Mr Chadwick claimed someone else had killed his wife. He said. the person had forced him to load his wife’s body onto a truck before. ordering him to drive his 2003 champagne-coloured Lexus SUV south. towards the Mexican border. A source close to the investigation. told the LA Times that Newport Beach detectives have evidence that. nobody else was seen in his car, and that even a CHP officer, who. happened by chance to tail Chadwick's car at one point, said there was. no passenger in his vehicle. The source also said that detectives found signs of a bloody struggle in one of the home's bathrooms. Police in Newport Beach are now. meticulously combing the areas Mr Chadwick could have visited between. his home and San Diego for his wife’s body. They said that the couple’s children are in good care, but did not elaborate. 'Struggle': Police said they found signs of distress and possible foul play within the home although Mrs Chadwick's body has yet to be found.

What are highlight points for this article?