Write a summary based on this article:

Once upon a time 20 years ago, the average San Francisco home cost the inflation-adjusted equivalent of $400,000. All one had to do was own a million-dollar home (or $1.5 million today) and they could be confidently among San Francisco’s wealthy elite. Ah, it was a simpler time. 
  
 But now? Heck, every house costs at least a million dollars. They even advertise it. And the average income for both individuals and families is climbing every year. It takes a lot more riches just to be rich anymore. 
  
 So who's rich and who's not in this crazy market? To alleviate this burning question, the local branch of investment firm Charles Schwab commissioned a survey of a 1,000 Bay Area residents to see what they think.To wit: "The survey of 1,000 Bay Area residents found that local residents think it takes about $2.5 million in most areas of the United States to be considered wealthy while a net worth of more than $6 million is what it takes to be wealthy in the Bay Area." 
  
 Ignoring for a moment the idea that $2 million doesn’t qualify as rich most places anymore, imagine how embarrassing it must be for anyone worth $3 million to find out that they only rate as middle class in the Bay Area. What will the neighbors think? 
  
 Of course, this was only a survey of people’s opinions, meaning it’s less a hard numbers look at the cost of living so much as a glimpse into how people are feeling these days. Eighty-six percent of those polled say that the cost of living in the region is too high, 55 percent say they have trouble meeting their financial goals, and 68 percent say the Bay Area has one of the worst housing markets in the country. 
  
 (The other 32 percent are presumably sellers.) ||||| Charles Schwab study concludes that you need $6 million to be 'wealthy' in the Bay Area 
  
 If you don't already feel poor living in the Bay Area, you will now. 
  
 A new Charles Schwab survey says that in order to be considered "wealthy" in the Bay Area, you need a net worth of at least $6 million. A net worth of $1 million is the baseline for being "comfortable." 
  
 Excuse us while we take a quick break to cry into the $8 artisanal coffee that we really can't afford. 
  
 Charles Schwab surveyed 1,000 Bay Area residents aged 21 to 75 in Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara and Solano counties. The survey asked what residents considered enough money to be "wealthy" vs. "comfortable." 
  
 Respondents said they believed $2.5 million was the average needed to be wealthy in other parts of the country. 
  
 Unsurprisingly, the survey also found that locals are shocked by the cost of living here. Eighty-six percent said the cost of living is "unreasonable" and 55-percent said living in the Bay Area makes it "difficult to reach their financial goals." Only two percent agreed strongly that the cost of living in the Bay Area is reasonable. Who these people are, exactly, remains a question. 
  
 Off-setting those depressing statistics are upbeat outlooks on job opportunities. Eighty percent believe the region is a great place for career growth, 88-percent say it's a prime place for innovation and 70-percent say the Bay Area's economy is better than the national one. 
  
 To read the full Charles Schwab study, click here. |||||