Question: Passage: Heavy metal artist Ozzy Osbourne sings the show's theme song, "Dog the Bounty Hunter". The song can be heard on Osbourne's Prince of Darkness box set. Many episodes feature at least one song from a band that is either unsigned or with an independent label, usually played during an action scene. These songs are plugged at the end of each episode, following the closing credits. Several episodes in season three and four have music from New York City-based dub reggae group Subatomic Sound System's On All Frequencies album. Featured songs include: "Criminal", "Doin' It", and "Ghetto Champion". Soulja Boy's music video for "Yahhh!" includes an impersonation of "Dog Woof Woof"

Question: Based on this passage, who sings the theme song to dog bounty hunter?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: Heavy metal artist Ozzy Osbourne sings the show's theme song, "Dog the Bounty Hunter". The answer is Heavy metal artist Ozzy Osbourne.

Question: However, in some other groups, either the sporophyte or the gametophyte is very much reduced and is incapable of free living. For example, in all bryophytes the gametophyte generation is dominant and the sporophyte is dependent on it. By contrast, in all modern vascular land plants the gametophytes are strongly reduced, although the fossil evidence indicates that they were derived from isomorphic ancestors. In seed plants, the female gametophyte develops totally within the sporophyte which protects and nurtures it and the embryo sporophyte that it produces. The pollen grains, which are the male gametophytes, are reduced to only a few cells (just three cells in many cases). Here the notion of two generations is less obvious; as Bateman & Dimichele say "(s) porophyte and gametophyte effectively function as a single organism". The alternative term' alternation of phases' may then be more appropriate.

In terms of alternation of generations the pollen grains?
Answer: To answer the question, consider the following: The pollen grains, which are the male gametophytes, are reduced to only a few cells (just three cells in many cases). The answer is are reduced to only a few cells ( just three cells in many cases ).

Question: Context: The Sisters of Charity of Australia (formally the Religious Sisters of Charity, who use the postnominal initials of R.S.C.) is a congregation of Religious Sisters in the Catholic Church who have served the people of Australia since 1838.

Question: when did the sisters of charity arrived in australia?
Answer: The relevant sentence in the passage is: The Sisters of Charity of Australia (formally the Religious Sisters of Charity, who use the postnominal initials of R.S.C.) is a congregation of Religious Sisters in the Catholic Church who have served the people of Australia since 1838. The answer is 1838.

Question: The coat of arms of Nigeria consists of a black shield with a wavy white pall, symbolizing the meeting of the Niger and Benue Rivers at Lokoja. The black shield represents Nigeria's fertile soil, while the two supporting horses or chargers on each side represent dignity. The eagle represents strength, while the green and white bands on the top of the shield represent the rich soil.

Answer this question based on the passage: black shield in nigerian coat of arm represent?
Answer: