Given a document, an entity and its sentiment towards the entity, verify if it is the correct sentiment towards the entity. Answer should be yes or no. Note that URLs in the text have been replaced with [Link].

Verify if the sentiment of the following document towards the entity Steve Bannon is Negative . WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump’s lawyer said on Thursday he would try to stop publication of a book that portrays an inept president in a fumbling White House and threatened legal action against former top aide Steve Bannon over “defamatory” comments in the book.
Harder also told Reuters “legal action is imminent” against  Bannon .
Trump cut ties with  Bannon  on Wednesday  saying his former adviser had “lost his mind ” in a blistering statement issued after comments attributed to  Bannon  in the book were made public.
Trump lawyers sent a cease-and-desist letter to  Bannon  on Wednesday asking  him  not to disclose any confidential information. They said  Bannon  had breached an agreement by communicating with Wolff about Trump  his family and the campaign and made “disparaging statements and in some cases outright defamatory statements” about them.
In the book   Bannon  was quoted as describing a June 2016 meeting with a group of Russians at Trump Tower in New York as “treasonous” and “unpatriotic.” The meeting  held after the Russians promised damaging information on Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton  was attended by Donald Trump Jr.  Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort  who was Trump’s campaign manager at the time.
Trump’s statement also diminished  Bannon ’s role in the election victory and accused  him  of leaking to the media. Before joining the campaign   Bannon  had headed conservative Breitbart News website and  he  proved to be a divisive figure in the White House.  He  returned to Breitbart after being fired  although he reportedly continued to talk with Trump.
FILE PHOTO:  White House Chief Strategist Stephen Bannon (L)  attends a meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and congressional leaders to discuss trade deals at the at the Roosevelt room of the White House in Washington U.S.  February 2  2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
 Bannon ’s reaction to the book controversy has been muted. In interviews with Breitbart News after the news broke   he  called Trump a “great man” and pledged continued support for his agenda.
Bradley Moss  a Washington lawyer specializing in national security law  said any non-disclosure agreement would not apply to  Bannon  once  he  became a government employee. The government has far less power to limit speech by employees than private companies  Moss said.
A lawsuit could hurt Trump because  Bannon ’s lawyers would be entitled to interview White House officials and collect potentially damaging documents from them in his defense  Moss said.
On Thursday  the White House said no personal devices  including cellphones  would be allowed in the West Wing beginning next week for security purposes. The moves followed the  Bannon  split but had been considered for some time.
 Bannon  helped Trump shape a populist  anti-establishment message and had been the president’s link to  his  hard-line conservative base of support  which is often at odds with the Republican Party establishment.