Information:  - The Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) (classical ), also known as Dashnaktsutyun (in a short form, "Dashnak"), is an Armenian nationalist and socialist political party founded in 1890 in Tiflis, Russian Empire (now Tbilisi, Georgia) in 1890 by Christapor Mikaelian, Stepan Zorian, and Simon Zavarian. The party operates in Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh and in countries where the Armenian diaspora is present, notably in Lebanon, where the party is represented in the parliament as part of the March 8 alliance.  - The Armenian diaspora refers to the communities of Armenians outside the Republic of Armenia including the "de facto" independent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. Since antiquity, Armenians have established communities in many regions throughout the world. However, the modern Armenian diaspora was largely formed as a result of the Armenian Genocide of 1915, when the Armenians living in their ancestral homeland in eastern Turkey, known as Western Armenia to Armenians, were systematically exterminated by the Ottoman government.  - Armenia ( tr. "Hayastan"), officially the Republic of Armenia (tr. "Hayastani Hanrapetutyun"), is a sovereign state in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia. Located in Western Asia on the "Armenian Highlands", it is bordered by Turkey to the west, Russia and Georgia to the north and Azerbaijan to the east, and Iran and Azerbaijan's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south.  - Russia, also officially known as the Russian Empire, was a state that existed from 1721 until it was overthrown by the short-lived liberal February Revolution in 1917. One of the largest empires in world history, stretching over three continents, the Russian Empire was surpassed in landmass only by the British and Mongol empires. The rise of the Russian Empire happened in association with the decline of neighboring rival powers: the Swedish Empire, the PolishLithuanian Commonwealth, Persia and the Ottoman Empire. It played a major role in 181214 in defeating Napoleon's ambitions to control Europe, and expanded to the west and south.  - Lebanon , officially known as the Lebanese Republic, is a sovereign state in Western Asia. It is bordered by Syria to the north and east and Israel to the south, while Cyprus is west across the Mediterranean Sea. Lebanon's location at the crossroads of the Mediterranean Basin and the Arabian hinterland facilitated its rich history and shaped a cultural identity of religious and ethnic diversity. At just 10,452 km (4,036 sq. mi.), it is the smallest recognized country on the entire mainland Asian continent.  - Hamo Ohanjanian ( Armenian :   ) ( Akhalkalak , 1873 - Cairo , 31 July 1947 ) was a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation . He served as the third Prime Minister of the First Republic of Armenia from May 5 to November 23 , 1920 .  - The March 8 Alliance is a coalition of various political parties in Lebanon. It was the ruling coalition in Lebanon with the government headed by Prime Minister Najib Mikati from June 2011 until 23 March 2013.  - The First Republic of Armenia, officially known at the time of its existence as the Republic of Armenia (classical ), was the first modern Armenian state since the loss of Armenian statehood in the Middle Ages.    What entity does 'hamo ohanjanyan' has the relation 'ethnic group' with?