Hot Houses: Ben Carson’s golf course retreat and an exclusive Caribbean beach house
Each week FOXNews.com picks its Top 3 over-the-top luxury listings from Mansion Global.

This week we have the luxurious mansion owned by the producer of “The Biggest Loser,” an Anguillan paradise with all the perks of a five star hotel and failed presidential candidate Ben Carson’s golf getaway.

“The Biggest Loser” producer David Broome is looking to gain a big profit with the sale of his Calabasas mansion.

Broome purchased this luxury property, in the California neighborhood made famous by the Kardashians, in 2012 for a mere $5.4 million and is now looking to sell for $9.4 million.

The six-bedroom home is set on an acre of land in an exclusive gated and guarded estate.

The master suite has a separate large designer dressing room, and an en-suite bathroom with a dry sauna, steam shower and a bath that extends onto a balcony.

The house also includes a large private soundproof theater, an elevator, a climate-controlled wine cellar and a two-story library.

Outside you can run laps or do some burpees around the interior courtyard fountain. There’s also a majestic rose garden, a large glass mosaic pool and infinity spa, a pool house and a barbecue area.

Looking for something a little more tropical? This Anguilla property is the very definition of real estate goals.

The modern 9,500-square-foot private home situated on Anguilla’s northwestern shore is split across two levels allowing for sweeping unobstructed views of secluded Barnes Bay Beach.

The property, part of the Four Seasons Residences, includes five bedrooms, five bathrooms, a pristine white exterior, and an outdoor terrace where you can really enjoy those ocean views.

It comes fully furnished and has its own private pool, lounge area, outdoor shower, and access to a private beach.

But you aren’t just buying the home. You’re buying the Four Seasons experience.

The buyer will also get all of the perks of staying in a five-star resort, including access to the Four Seasons’ 24-hour concierge, spa, pool, and activities, as well as its restaurants, bars, and lounges.

The hotel also provides access to its chefs and catering team if you’d like to have a private dinner or cocktail party in the comfort of your own villa.

It can all be yours for a cool $10 million.

And finally we have the golf getaway of failed presidential candidate and incoming Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson.

Carson bought the five-bedroom, five-bathroom house in 2013 for $775,000 and is now looking to sell for $1.2 million.

The Mediterranean-style villa is outfitted with grand windows, 22-foot ceilings, marble floors, built-in shelves, and comes with membership to the development’s golf course and clubhouse.

“It’s really ornate. There were a lot of classic features built into this,” said Arthur Martens, who is listing the home through Engel & Vӧlkers. “It has a very grand feel when you go in.”

The property is perfect for the lazy golfer. You can step right outside your front door and onto a Jack Nicklaus-designed golf course, which also has its own pool, an exercise room, game room and tennis courts.

For more on our hot house pics and other stunning luxury properties check out Mansion Global.com.
What is a short summary of the above article?