David Moyes has backed Real Madrid to become the first team ever to retain the Champions League after Carlo Ancelotti's side mauled Real Sociedad 4-1 despite missing Cristiano Ronaldo. It was Moyes' first defeat to Ancelotti in their seventh meeting and asked if he thought they could retain the European Cup they won last May, he said: 'From what I've seen I think that they can. They have so much variety in the way they attack you. 'They've got different types of players and always with an incredibly strong bench. It's not been done before and that shows you how hard it is but with a bit of luck I think they might have what it takes.' Karim Benzema slots home Real Madrid's fourth of the afternoon during their 4-1 win against Real Sociedad. Benzema gestures towards the supporters as he is congratulated by his team-mates at the Bernabeu. Sociedad boss David Moyes believes Real Madrid are good enough to retain the Champions League. Asked about Ronaldo's absence Moyes added: 'Big clubs don't rely on one player, big clubs rely on their team and their squad.' Gareth Bale assisted for Karim Benzema in the win but was also booed by a small section of supporters for missing a string of chances including one he appeared to take off the boot of team-mate James Rodriguez. But Moyes said: 'I didn't hear the booing but if Bale keeps on getting the opportunities he's going to score a lot of goals because he's a top player.' The former Everton and Manchester United manager would love to have the options open to his rival Ancelotti. Real Sociedad bought no one in the transfer window and could now be without top scorer Carlos Vela for a month with a knee injury. Goalscorer Aritz Elustondo (left) celebrates with Ruben Prado after shocking Real Madrid in the first minute. James Rodriguez equalises for Real Madrid as Carlo Ancelotti's side recovered from going a goal down. James is mobbed by his team-mates after Real Madrid come up with an instant reply against David Moyes's side at the Bernabeu. Moyes bemoned the way the Spanish transfer window closed on Friday a full three days before most other big leagues in Europe. He said: 'There are only 31 days in January and Spain actually gives you fewer days, because we closed on Friday night. 'Of nearly all the transfers in January, a big percentage of them will be done on the last day. I don't think it's good for La Liga that you can move people out of Spain but you cannot move people in. 'I could have done with an extra day in the end especially now knowing that Carlos Vela has an injury.' Mangers Moyes and Carlo Ancelotti share a warm embrace before the match at the Bernabeu. Gareth Bale, who missed a great chance to score in the first half, takes control of the ball. Benzema wheels away in celebration after scoring Real Madrid's third goal against Sociedad. Despite the hammering there are signs that Moyes is developing Real Sociedad's younger players. Rookie right-back Aritz Elustondo who is only 21 scored the goal that put them 1-0 after just 48 seconds. Goalkeeper Geronimo Rulli who is only 22 was outstanding saving at point blank from Bale and of 22-year-old midfielder Ruben Pardo, Moyes said: 'I thought he was excellent he could have been wearing a Real Madrid shirt and he wouldn't have been out of place.'
Summarize the highlights of this article.