Decide what you want to achieve before you get started in the program. If you’ll be working sixty hours a week while also attending school, it might be a bad idea to aim for being #1 in your class.  Don’t use your undergrad experience as a barometer. As an undergrad you were likely able to devote your full attention to school. Don’t expect to get the same grades (at least right away) in your MBA program while working full time. Pay attention to the competition but don’t let it get to you. Everyone else in your part-time MBA program likely has similar goals: they want to move up in their careers as well. This is a self-selected group of high achievers so you should expect the competition to be tough. Try to remember that you’re there to learn skills and develop a network, not necessarily to be the best in the class. Pursuing an MBA while working full-time is an ambitious challenge. You’ll need to juggle work, school, and family responsibilities. You should understand how much time you’ll be devoting to each before you jump in.  Use a planner. Whether digital or paper, a planner is essential to navigating through an MBA while working. Use the planner to write in test days, due dates for both school and work assignments, and other important dates. Use a “to do” list with specific tasks. It feels good to scratch things off your “to do” list, and doing so will help keep you on track. If your list says something like “study,” it’s hard to know when you’ve completed the task. Instead, write something like, “study Chapter Two of the Business Skills 101 text and make flash cards.”  Schedule big study blocks. As a part-time MBA student working full time, you’ll need to use whatever time you have to study. However, you should also schedule study blocks into your planner every week. If you’re a morning person, plan to wake up early and study; if you’re a night owl, schedule your study blocks for nighttime.  Figure out what you can cut out. You may need to cut back on time at the gym, social activities, or other things in your life. It’s easy to get burned out while pursuing an MBA and working full-time. You should schedule days off ahead of time. That way, you can look forward to your planned days off and not feel guilty when you take them. Studying hard is important for success in your MBA. Studying smart means using the best strategies to study effectively and efficiently.  Instead of heading to a restaurant for lunch, pack one and study in your office during your lunch hour. Keep your study materials with you whenever you can. If you have unexpected downtime, you’ll always be prepared to hit the books. Many schools have tutors that can help you with your work. If you’re having trouble understanding a concept you should reach out to a tutor. Remember that you’re getting an MBA to improve your marketability. If you start slacking off at work or missing days, the negative impression of your boss could offset any gains from having an MBA.  If you start to feel overwhelmed, talk to your school first. They have resources to help you manage your time and your stress. If worst comes to worst and you feel like you’re going to miss a work deadline, talk to your boss. It’s better to let your employer know beforehand that you’ll be late with a project than to have to explain yourself later.

Summary: