Information:  - Michael Thomas ( born 4 June 1981 ) also known as Moose is a Welsh drummer known for his role in heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine . Michael Thomas said he first played guitar for two years and then he started playing drums . He said his main influence is Dave Grohl of Nirvana and Foo Fighters and that if it were not for him , he would n't be playing drums . Other influences include Scott Travis of Judas Priest , Vinnie Paul of Pantera and Dave Lombardo of Slayer .  - Sony BMG Music Entertainment was a record music company, which was a 5050 joint venture between the Sony Corporation of America and Bertelsmann AG. The venture's successor, the again-active Sony Music Entertainment, is 100% owned by the Sony Corporation of America.  - Bullet for My Valentine, often abbreviated as BFMV or B4MV, are a Welsh heavy metal band from Bridgend, formed in 1998. The band is composed of Matthew Tuck (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Michael Paget (lead guitar, backing vocals), Michael Thomas (drums) and Jamie Mathias (bass guitar). Former members include Nick Crandle and Jason James; both were on bass. They were formed under the name Jeff Killed John and started their music career by covering songs by Metallica and Nirvana. Jeff Killed John recorded six songs which were not released; two of these tracks were reworked later in their career as Bullet for My Valentine. Financial difficulties dictated the name change, which was followed by a change in music direction. In 2002, the band secured a five-album deal with Sony BMG. The band has stated that their music is influenced by classic metal acts such as Metallica, Iron Maiden and Slayer. The band is part of the Cardiff music scene.  - Michael Paget (born 12 September 1978), also known as Padge, is a Welsh musician, singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is the lead guitarist and backing vocalist for the Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine.  - Metallica is an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles, California. The band was formed in 1981 when vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield responded to an advertisement posted by drummer Lars Ulrich in a local newspaper. Metallica's current line-up comprises founding members Hetfield and Ulrich, longtime lead guitarist Kirk Hammett and bassist Robert Trujillo. Guitarist Dave Mustaine and bassists Ron McGovney, Cliff Burton and Jason Newsted are former members of the band.  - Slayer is an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California, formed in 1981 by guitarist Kerry King and drummer Dave Lombardo. Slayer rose to fame with its 1986 release "Reign in Blood", and is credited as one of the "big four" thrash metal bands, along with Metallica, Megadeth, and Anthrax. Since its debut album in 1983, the band has released twelve studio albums, two live albums, a box set, six music videos, two extended plays and a cover album. Four of the band's studio albums have received gold certification in the United States. The band has received five Grammy nominations, winning one in 2007 for the song "Eyes of the Insane", and one in 2008 for the song "Final Six" (both from 2006's "Christ Illusion"). Slayer has also played at several music festivals worldwide, including Unholy Alliance, Download and Ozzfest.    What is the relationship between 'michael thomas ' and 'musician'?
A: