Article:
Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. ||||| The latest (and likely last) bit of Andrew Breitbart's investigative work has been released, billed as "exclusive tape of an Occupy Strategy Session at New York University, billed as a group talk on 'The Abolition of Capitalism.'" And though Breitbart, who passed away last week, introduces it as "not the story of the year, the story of the decade," but a few minutes of Googling shows that it was not exactly an investigative triumph. 
  
 The video consists mostly of raw footage from a Feb. 11 panel discussion put on by the New York Institute for the Humanities at NYU and the The New School, which, as a flyer that was promoted online notes, was "Free & Open to the Public." Three days later, videos of the three sessions were posted on YouTube by The New School for Social Research. The event itself was not called the "Abolition of Capitalism" but rather "The Winter of Our Discontent," and the portion about abolishing capitalism came with a long list of question marks in the second session's description: 
  
 ULTIMATE GOALS: The abolition of the state in favor of something more directly participatory – or rather the strengthening of a state in which elected representatives insure universal health care, equal educational opportunity, environmental norms, and so forth? The abolition of capitalism – or else the elaboration of new forms of mixed economy (regulation of markets and financial institutions in order to promote social justice and reverse the polarization of wealth; forging new attitudes towards growth, productivity and consumption in the context of climate change; etc.)? 
  
 The way Breitbart saw the event, it proves the Service Employees International Union and Occupy were working together to abolish capitalism. In a video, Breitbart somehow connects the group of "anarchists, socialists... unions, [and] young kids who have nothing better to do" to Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood. 
  
 When Andrew Breitbart died last week, he was rumored to be working on some hot stories that would embarrass Barack Obama and the left so badly some suggested darkly that the right-wing muckraker might have been assassinated. The other bit of posthumous work to be posted has been Breitbart's final written piece, about Barack Obama participating in a panel discussion on Saul Alinsky in 1998, also doesn't exactly break ground since nobody tried to keep Obama's participation in that event a secret. But at least the piece gives Breitbart a chance to indulge in the kind of insinuations that made him such a hero to his fans. "That’s The Love Song of Saul Alinsky," Breitbart wrote of the play Obama attended and discussed. "It’s radical leftist stuff, and it revels in its radical leftism. And that’s Barack Obama, our president, on the poster." Sure, Breitbart made a career out of this kind of thing, but it's hard to believe this is the "story of the decade" that conspiracy theorists think got him assassinated. 
  
 Want to add to this story? Let us know in comments or send an email to the author at amartin at theatlantic dot com. You can share ideas for stories on the Open Wire. 
  
 Adam Martin |||||Summary: