Article: Making brief eye contact can show the person that you're interested and help you gauge whether they are interested in you.  Glance at the person (don't stare) and try to hold their gaze for just a second or two. Notice how they respond to your eye contact. If they meet your gaze, it’s likely positive. If they look away quickly or appear disinterested, it’s probably best not to approach.  Try to make eye contact again after about 30 seconds.  If the person makes eye contact with you again, this is a good sign that you notice you and want to interact with you. When making eye contact, keep your facial expression light and friendly, rather than straight and serious. at them. If you’ve successfully met their gaze, smile at the person. A small but genuine smile makes you appear interested, friendly, and approachable. If the other person smiles back, you're likely in luck in getting them to talk to you. If you want to flirt with the person, smiling is a great way to get somebody’s attention. Try a flirty smile by being coy or cocking your head a bit. Make a point to appear open, comfortable, and available. Do this by keeping your arms uncrossed and pointing your hips in the direction of the person. Stand or sit up straight and show good posture. Avoid crossing your body, hunching over, or turn away from the person, as these gestures can make you appear closed off or disinterested. Use appropriate spacing. If you’re too close, the person may feel like you’re invading their space. If you’re too far, you won’t be able to get their attention or hear what they say. While you’re trying to have good body language, scope out the other person’s body language, too. If they exhibit open body language toward you, that's a great sign. Open body language looks like they are uncrossed and perhaps even pointed toward you. They should appear relaxed, not stiff or uncomfortable. If the person turns away or buries their head in a book, newspaper or magazine, that's not so good. Notice if their hips or knees are pointed toward you as this is a good sign that they want to connect. If the person is staring out a window or turned away from you, don’t approach. Once you’ve read the other person to see if they’re interested in conversing, make a move. If you’re far away, move closer. You should be a comfortable distance where you can hear each other yet not feel awkward if the conversation doesn’t work out. Find a seat near them, yet don’t crowd them.  If they're standing, stand near enough to them to be able to speak with them, but don't get too close for comfort. If there’s a seat next to them, ask, “May I sit here?” Try not to be nervous. Many people are just as excited to chat with new people as you are. Approach with caution if someone is reading a book or newspaper, on their phone, or listening to music with headphones on. These are often ways to signal to others that they wish to be undisturbed. However, you might wish to comment on the book they’re reading if it’s one of your favorites. Make a quick comment and notice how the person responds. For example, if the person gives a quick, “Thanks” and then goes back to their book, take the hint and move on. However, if they look up and appear like they want to talk, go ahead and engage in a discussion.
What is a summary of what this article is about?