By. Hannah Roberts In Rome. PUBLISHED:. 17:32 EST, 1 July 2013. |. UPDATED:. 01:33 EST, 2 July 2013. Form of expression: This gesture is commonly used by Silvio Berlusconi as a sign of disbelief. Waving your hands in the air is as undeniably Italian as buffalo mozzarella, bankruptcy and bunga bunga. But the well known tradition of gesturing is not just an expression of their extensive range of emotions – Italians use around 250 distinct hand signals in everyday conversation, experts have revealed. Gestures, most of which originated in Naples, generally include fingers flying horizontally from the chin, exaggerated shrugs and upheld palms, and lots of exasperated cries and raised eyebrows. Some are offensive – meaning ‘gay’ or ‘cuckold’. But many are mundane: ‘can I have a cigarette’, ‘call me’. Or ‘tastes good’, virtually all now internationally recognised gestures. Perhaps the best known is the one used regularly by Silvio Berlsuconi to express disbelief at the stupidity of what someone is saying. The hands are slightly cupped, with the finger tips forming upward-pointing cones which are shaken more or less violently, depending on the degree of exasperation. Very common in Naples, it translates as ‘What do you want?’ Professor of psychology at Roma Tre University and an expert on gestures, Isabella Poggi has identified 250 individual signs, that she says are akin to a language in their own right. The signs can have quite complex meanings, she told the NY Times; ‘There are gestures expressing a threat or a wish or desperation or shame or pride,’ she said. The sign for ‘I don’t give a ****’ is an act of defiance.: ‘It’s a rebellion against power, a way of reacquiring one’s own dignity.’ The only thing that separates hand gestures from sign language is that they are used individually, she said. Meaning: The range of signs can have quite complex meanings, from desperation to shame. Here, Berlusconi seems to be pinching his lips, telling someone to stop talking. Talking with hands: The only thing that separates hand gestures from sign language is that they are used individually. No one knows for certain why the system of gestures developed. One theory is that Italians developed them as an secret language of communication during centuries of foreign occupation — by Austria, France and Spain in the 14th through 19th centuries, Professor Poggi said. And in busy cities like Naples, gesturing was a way of marking one’s territory. ‘To get attention, people gestured and used their whole bodies,’ she added. Recognisable: Some of the signs are easy to decipher. Here, the Italian Minister for Integration Cecile Kyenge is raising her hand to stop someone mid-speech. Salute: Bank of Italy deputy governor Fabrizio Saccomanni gestures during a meeting. The hand movements developed from a time when people gestured with their whole bodies. Hand gesturing appears to be an ancient phenomenon. Gestures used by the figures painted on ancient Greek vases found in the Naples area can be easily compared to those used by today’s Neapolitans. Italian writer Italo Svevo wrote in a letter to his wife from England in 1901. ‘It seems that in this country, I’m actually a laughing stock on account of my way of gesturing... Hands in pockets - only then can you speak English.’
Summarize the highlights of this article.