Please answer the following question: Information:  - Uxbridge is a town in west London, England, and the administrative headquarters of the London Borough of Hillingdon. Fifteen miles (24.1 km) west-northwest of Charing Cross, it is one of the major metropolitan centres identified in the London Plan. Uxbridge historically formed part of the parish of Hillingdon in the county of Middlesex, and was a significant local commercial centre from an early time. As part of the suburban growth of London in the 20th century it expanded and increased in population, becoming a municipal borough in 1955, and has formed part of Greater London since 1965. It is a significant retail and commercial centre, and is the location of Brunel University and the Uxbridge campus of Buckinghamshire New University. The town is close to the boundary with Buckinghamshire, which is locally the River Colne.  - Hillingdon is a suburban area within the London Borough of Hillingdon, situated 14.2 miles (22.8 km) west of Charing Cross. It was an ancient parish in the county of Middlesex that originally included the market town of Uxbridge. During the 1920s Hillingdon experienced a rapid increase in population and was absorbed by Uxbridge Urban District in 1929. It has formed part of Greater London since 1965.  - The London Borough of Hillingdon is the westernmost borough in Greater London, England which had a population of 273,936 according to the 2011 Census. It was formed from the districts of Hayes and Harlington, Ruislip-Northwood, Uxbridge, and Yiewsley and West Drayton in the historic county of Middlesex. Today, Hillingdon is home to Heathrow Airport and Brunel University, and is the second largest of the 32 London boroughs by area.  - Guy Butters ( born 30 October 1969 in Hillingdon ) is a former football manager and professional footballer , currently assistant manager with Conference South side Eastleigh after leaving his role as manager at Winchester City . Butters took over at Winchester City in the Wessex League , having been appointed to replace Glenn Cockerill in September 2010 .  - Middlesex (abbreviation: Middx) was a county in southeast England that is now mostly part of Greater London, with small sections in neighbouring counties. It was established in the Anglo-Saxon system from the territory of the Middle Saxons, and existed as an official unit until 1965. The historic county included land stretching north of the River Thames from east to west of the City of London with the rivers Colne and Lea and a ridge of hills as the other boundaries. The largely low-lying county, dominated by clay in its north and alluvium on gravel in its south, was the second smallest by area in 1831.  - Charing Cross denotes the junction of Strand, Whitehall and Cockspur Street, just south of Trafalgar Square in central London. It gives its name to several landmarks, including Charing Cross railway station, one of the main London rail terminals.  - Glenn Cockerill (born 25 August 1959) is an English retired footballer who played more than 700 games in The Football League in a 22-year career. He is perhaps best remembered from his eight-year spell at Southampton. He was a skilful central midfielder renowned for his passing and shooting skills.    What entity does 'guy butters' has the relation 'place of birth' with?
Answer: