Ques & Ans: "Message in a Bottle" is a song by English rock band The Police. It was released as the lead single from their second studio album, Reggatta de Blanc (1979). Written by the band's lead singer and bassist Sting, the song is ostensibly about a story of a castaway on an island, who sends out a message in a bottle to seek love. A year later, he has not received any sort of response, and despairs, thinking he is destined to be alone. The next day, he sees "a hundred billion bottles" on the shore, finding out that there are more people like him out there.

Based on this passage, who sings the song message in a bottle?
English rock band The Police
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: "Message in a Bottle" is a song by English rock band The Police.

Ques & Ans: Context: Similar to Season 7, This season features nine rookie shops battling nine veteran shops each week while tackling a skill that exposes each veterans' shortcoming from the last time they competed. Old Town Ink, consisting of Season 4 veteran Aaron "Bubba" Irwin and Best Ink Season 2 runner-up DJ Tambe won the competition, each earning the title of "Ink Master" and the first ever title of "Master Shop" as well as the first veteran shop winner. In addition, Irwin became the second veteran winner in Ink Master history.

Question: who won ink master season 9 shop wars?
Old Town Ink , consisting of Season 4 veteran Aaron `` Bubba '' Irwin and Best Ink Season 2 runner - up DJ Tambe
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information to answer the above question is: Similar to Season 7, This season features nine rookie shops battling nine veteran shops each week while tackling a skill that exposes each veterans' shortcoming from the last time they competed. Old Town Ink, consisting of Season 4 veteran Aaron "Bubba" Irwin and Best Ink Season 2 runner-up DJ Tambe won the competition, each earning the title of "Ink Master" and the first ever title of "Master Shop" as well as the first veteran shop winner.

Ques & Ans: Context: Magnetic declination, or magnetic variation, is the angle on the horizontal plane between magnetic north (the direction the north end of a compass needle points, corresponding to the direction of the Earth's magnetic field lines) and true north (the direction along a meridian towards the geographic North Pole). This angle varies depending on position on the Earth's surface and changes over time.

Question: does a compass point to true north or magnetic north?
magnetic north
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: Magnetic declination, or magnetic variation, is the angle on the horizontal plane between magnetic north (the direction the north end of a compass needle points, corresponding to the direction of the Earth's magnetic field lines) and true north (the direction along a meridian towards the geographic North Pole).

Ques & Ans: Passage: Dawn Anne Nolan (born 11 December 1975 in Glasgow) is a Scottish actress best known for her portrayals of the characters Alexandra "Lexie" MacDonald from the BBC drama Monarch of the Glen, Alice Trevanion in the ITV drama series Wild at Heart and Dr Annie Jandhu in BBC Soap Opera River City.

Question: Based on this passage, who plays lexi in monarch of the glen?
Dawn Anne Nolan
Stream of consciousness: