I am not really certain how this place is getting the stellar reviews that it has. we just had a quick bite there last night and it was easily one of the worst meals that I have ever had the pleasure of paying for. While the people running the shop were lovely, it was not worth the $17 or so we paid.  I had small cheese steak sub - asking only for mayo and lettuce. you would think that might be a nice time to let me know that they use some sort of house garlic-herb mayo instead of actual mayo. but no. So after a good bit of waiting my sub comes out with this weird speckly dressing on top of the lettuce... yes, this is that mayo - which is disgusting. I thought it was ranch and that is when he lady, with a smile, explained it was their house mayo... no, they don't use regular mayo here.   so, let me tell you about this mayo:  1. it is heavily flavored with garlic powder - which tastes seriously like chemicals on a good day and just should not be considered food in any way shape or form. Mixed in with this were some dried herbs - maybe an italian mix? who knows. all I could taste was the overwhelming chemical, fake garlic flavor. Hey, I love garlic and cook with it daily - mind you I actually use the real stuff.   2. it is really thin... I mean thin like salad dressing, runny, thin. Um, isn't mayo supposed to be thick and spreadable? even the stuff you see at subway is thicker. this stuff tasted like really cheap, bad, ranch dressing.  So, after giving it a good effort to try to eat this "sub" - I gave up and picked off the bread on the top of the sub - the bread was pretty stellar though. still hungry I decided to try to scrap off the mayo/lettuce disaster and go for the meat and cheese. um... salt? the meat, which suspiciously looked like those thin sheets of steak-um had zero flavor. one bite and I rejected it. While we are talking about the meat - why use this garbage? I am paying almost 6 bucks for this sub. I want to see yummy chopped up steak bits like you see at even a mall sub shop. not this grey, disgusting 1980s looking flavorless "meat".  At least the bottom of the sub roll was salvageable... I ate the bread.   On to the pizza. My husband had two slices of pepperoni and my daughter had a slice of plain cheese.   Ok, pizza. well, this too was a massive disappointment. since I was still hungry after dumping the majority of my sub I tried both of their pizza slices. it reminded me of a nice store-bought frozen pizza. yes, bland. bad sauce with flavorless cheese.   My husband is a freak for pepperoni pizza and of the two slices he almost finished one of them. yes, more for the garbage. My daughter? she is three.. she isn't really a foodie (yet) but she got thru some of her cheese pizza... she actually spit some of it out but to be fair - she is three. I tried her pizza and honestly, all I could manage to somewhat enjoy was the crust which was nothing to rave about but it was tolerable.   To provide a baseline - we typically order from Rialto's and while they are not terrible they decent enough for a sub shop - pizza place.  this place... ugh. never. again. ever. We ended up throwing out about 80% of what we paid for. This place insults their customers with sub-par, dated, poor quality food.
Is this review positive or negative?
Select from:
(I). negative.
(II). positive.
Answer: