Amy was too tired and fell asleep while reading.

Amy had a long day, with the morning chores piling up. She left early to help out her best friend with some gardening in the morning before getting groceries and running errands. After that, she got back home to prepare a late lunch for the family. Once everybody was fed and cleaned up, Amy spent the afternoon packing Jessica's lunch for school as well as her husband's briefcase for work the following day.

In the evening, Jessica came up to her mother and pleaded with her best puppy-dog-eyes to hear about the adventures of the Princess and the Magical Unicorn. Amy, not wanting to disappoint her daughter, switched on her warm and soothing mommy mode. Together, they went upstairs to Jessica's bright and cozy bedroom, which was decorated with soft fairy lights and dream-catchers swirling in the wind. The room had a beautiful lavender scent that filled the air and helped both mother and daughter relax after a long day.

Amy picked the slightly worn out hardcover book from the shelf and opened it to the bookmark where they left off the previous night. With a mother's love, she gently tucked Jessica into the cozy duvet and let the soft light from the bedside lamp wash the pages of the storybook with a warm yellowish glow. The room was filled with a comfortable silence, interrupted only by the sound of the pages turning occasionally.

Jessica snuggled into her bed, looking up at her mother expectantly as she waited for the story to unfold. Amy started reading, her voice lilting and mellifluous, painting the breathtaking Kingdom full of lush greenery and bright cotton-candy skies. The Princess was regal and benevolent, and her magical unicorn possessed a glittering rainbow tail, a shimmering horn and had an enchanted ability to talk.

The enchanting tale continued, with the Princess and her magical unicorn going on a quest to save the Kindgom ruled by the captious Queen Morgana. Amy's dulcet voice swept Jessica away into the world of the story as they traveled due north to free the townspeople trapped behind a wall of ice and reveal Queen Morgana's enchantress sister, Luna.

However, Amy's day started to take its toll on her. As the adventure intensified, her eyelids began to slowly droop, her voice becoming weaker and her words jumbled. Before she could continue her account of the hair-raising escape from an enchanted forest of petrified pillars, Amy felt herself succumbing to the tidal wave of exhaustion.

Jessica noticed her mother's struggle to stay awake and stroked her arm affectionately. Soon, Amy stopped reading altogether and fell into a deep sleep in the warmth of her daughter's room, trying to maintain grip on the book. Jessica gave a soft smile, knowing that her mother had done her best.

Gently, she reached out and took the book from Amy's limp fingers. She placed the bookmark carefully before setting the book down on the nightstand. After tucking her mother under a soft, plush throw blanket from the foot of her bed, Jessica whispered "I love you, Mom," before switching off the bedside lamp. Plunged into darkness, both mother and daughter drifted into a comforting and well-deserved sleep, dreaming of magical realms and courageous heroes. The Princess and her Magical Unicorn would have to wait another day to continue their quest.