If I were to write a movie about my experience at Fired Pie, it would be a complete comedy of errors titled "Is Anyone Here Listening To Me?"  Fired Pie has been on my radar since it's close to where I live and I could basically live off pizza if I had to (and even if I didn't have to). The glowing Yelp reviews helped make our choice to go in for an early dinner on Friday.  The experience of making your own pizza and choosing your own toppings is awesome...if the people behind the counter are actually listening to you. Here is, verbatim, how it went when it was my turn:  Guy: "What can I get started for you?" Me: "I'll have the veggie pizza, but with pesto instead of red sauce" Guy: "Sure" *immediately picks up red sauce and puts all over my pizza* Me: "...can I have some pesto on there too?" Guy: "Yeah. What kind of cheese?" Me: "...um. Mozzerella." Guy: *Puts mozz on my pizza, slides it down to toppings area* Me: "Can I please have some pesto on there too?" Guy: "Oh, sure" *drizzles small spiral of pesto over cheese*  So. That's how that started.   The girl who handled my toppings seemed to have no idea what went on their menu-standard veggie. We both kept having to look back at the one menu on the side wall (they should definitely invest in an over-the-back-counter menu ala every other fast/casual food joint for ease) and check to make sure she got it correct. She wasn't sure what went on my boyfriend's pesto chicken pie either.   Speaking of boyfriend, he also handled to ordering for the field greens and roasted veggie salad we wanted. First guy lined up two salad bowls, so it looks like they split them there with no problem. Great! He also asked that they sub the balsamic out for italian dressing, which guy said would be no problem.  Once our pizzas rode the struggle bus out of the toppings area, we were asked for our names to write on the paper that our pizza slid onto in the oven, to keep everyone straight. We told them our order was for there, ordered drinks from the woman at the end of the line and sat down at a booth, after we picked up our own silverware and parm/red pepper shakers. Hopefully we could get over our ordering disaster and eat some delicious pizza!  I heard my name called and looked to the counter to see two pizza boxes and a boxed salad sitting on top (complete with a side of...you guessed it...balsamic dressing.) I couldn't do anything but laugh; it was the perfect ending to this nightmare of an order. First guy behind the counter had even taken out two bowls for our salad TO EAT THERE! Boyfriend was about to have a stress embolism so I scooped up our food and got the hell out of there. "We would literally have to order the opposite of what we wanted for it to come out right the first time," he said in the car. Basically.  Why the second star? I have to be fair, the food was absolutely delicious. The pizza's crust was really on point and the salad was completely filled with roasted veggie toppings (and even better once I added my own dressing from our fridge.) But it was downright insulting to have NO ONE working there listening to us. I don't understand at all. Was it an off night? Was it an off team working? Did they hate us for some reason? I doubt I can convince the boyfriend to go back, so maybe I'll never know. Dang.
Is this review positive or negative?