This may seem obvious, but feeding your dog is absolutely essential both to your relationship and the health of your dog.  The first week your dog is in your home, try feeding it from your hands. This will encourage the dog to trust you. Let your dog watch you fill their food and water bowls. They will associate you with food and understand that you are providing for them. Feed your dog at specific times during the day rather than leaving food out all day. This is a good way to help your dog build a routine and to further associate you with food and caring for them. There are many different types of dog food. Ask your veterinarian for a recommendation if you are unsure of what to choose. Some dogs are pickier than others and prefer certain types of dog food over others. It may take a few tries to find a food that your dog likes. Treats are a great way to motivate your dog to do tricks or to reward them for good behavior. Give treats in moderation to keep your dog at a healthy weight. A healthy dog is a happy dog! Good preventive medical care helps them live a longer happier life.  Make sure your dog is up to date on vaccinations and worming. If your dog does have medical problems, their medical care can become very expensive. Pet medical insurance is one option to help moderate your costs.  When you have a strong bond with your dog, your dog will begin to understand that you are concerned about their health and wellbeing when it comes to medical procedures or vet visits. Your dog will need plenty of exercise to keep healthy and spending time together walking is a good way to bond with your pet. Again, they will associate you with going on walks, which many dogs find to be their favorite activity!  Purchase a good quality leash. If you have a larger dog that is strong, you may want to consider buying a harness or a head halter to attach to a leash. Take your dog out regularly for good long walks. Train them to behave appropriately on a leash. They should not be pulling you along the road. They should heel and stay close by your side and walk at your pace. Take your dog to the dog park and let them socialize with other dogs and people. Your dog can bond and meet new friends while they enjoy being outside and running free. Always clean up after your dog and carry plastic bags on your walks to dispose of your dog’s waste. Try taking your dog to new and exciting places on your walks to keep it engaged. For example, you can go to a new park, garden, trail, or downtown street. Depending on the breed of your dog, they may require more frequent or complicated grooming.  Generally, try to brush your dog’s fur at least once a week to prevent knotted, matted hair. Give them baths. Some dogs love baths, some are not such big fans. Wash them at least once a month, or whenever they are muddy or dirty.. If you use a gentle shampoo, you can bathe your dog up to once a week. Depending on the breed, you may need to take your dog to the groomers so they can give your dog hair cuts that are appropriate for the breed. Trim your dog’s nails. Like humans, dogs’ nails grow continuously. Unless your dog is very active and wears them down on pavement or concrete, you will need to trim their nails when they become long. There are special dog nail clippers, but regular nail clippers can be used as well.

Summary: