By. Louise Cheer for Daily Mail Australia. A former magazine journalist has penned a book about her double life as a high-class escort and a mother. It is believed Samantha X, who will appear on Channel Seven's Sunday Night to talk candidly about her profession to spruik her novel, Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort, is Amanda Goff. Ms Goff has worked at InStyle, Prevention and New Idea magazines. The 40-year-old is a mother-of-two by day and a sex worker by night. High-class escort Samantha X was identified as former magazine journalist Amanda Goff. Ms Goff (pictured here three years ago) used to work at InStyle, Prevention and New Idea magazines but is now a private escort. 'When I look back on how I juggled the two lives, I am astounded,' Ms Goff tells Sunday Night reporter James Thomas. Despite the stigma surrounding the profession, the escort said friends and peers had been very supportive of her transition into the industry in 2012. A former colleague of Ms Goff told Daily Mail Australia they were not surprised to learn of the woman's double life. 'I'm not shocked at all - she's always been a bit close to the edge. She follows her own rules. 'And I'm not surprised she's going on TV and saying it's her - I think she's always secretly wanted to be famous,' the colleague said. 'I think she's always wanted a life that's bigger than what she had. To be famous and rich. And using something to catapult her into the limelight. 'She's always been very bold and goes for what she wants. She's very single-minded. I always thought she used her looks and her boldness to get what she wants.' The 40-year-old is a mother-of-two and started escorting in 2012, two days after she visited a brothel. Ms Goff (left and pictured right in the front row, far right) said most of the parents at her children's school know what she does for a living and are supportive. She will appear on the Channel Seven program in an exclusive interview on Sunday night. Ms Goff told the program she volunteered at the tuckshop of her children's school and most of the parents there knew what she did for a living. 'Do you think your profession defines you as a parent?' she said. 'I don’t think that because you’re a neurosurgeon you’re necessarily a good parent. 'I don’t think that if you are a criminal, you’re a bad parent.' Ms Goff started her career at an exclusive brothel in Sydney  and 18 months later she moved into private escorting as Samantha X. 'When I look back on how I juggled the two lives, I am astounded,' Ms Goff tells Sunday Night reporter James Thomas (pictured) Goff charges $800 an hour or $5,000 a night for her services, and said she can teach married couples a thing or two. The mother has penned a book about her double life called Hooked - Secrets of a High-Class Escort. She charges $800 an hour for her services or $5,000 for an entire night. But Ms Goff reassures people that it is not as glamorous as it seems: 'You'd think for 12 hours we'd be having sex all night, but that is so far from the truth.' After her time sleeping with married men who pay her more than three times the average weekly salary, she thinks she knows the secret to a happy marriage. Ms Goff said listening was key as many men complained they were not being heard to by their spouse.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: