Context: The Vikings stayed at home for their Week 3 encounter with their divisional rivals, the Detroit Lions. Both teams went into the game with 0-2 records, hoping to move away from the bottom of the division standings. Deep into the 1st quarter, Vikings QB Brett Favre continued his interception-throwing form, as he was picked off by Lions DT Corey Williams while attempting to throw a short pass to RB Toby Gerhart. Williams set off on a run, but Gerhart recovered to bring him down at the Minnesota 12-yard line. Three short plays later, Detroit had the ball in the end zone, QB Shaun Hill finishing off the drive with a 5-yard pass to TE Tony Scheffler. The Vikings were forced to punt the ball away on their first drive after the touchdown, but Detroit PR Stefan Logan fumbled while attempting to catch the ball, which was recovered by Vikings LB Chad Greenway 24 yards from the Detroit goal line. With the first play of the drive, Favre threw a 24-yard pass to WR Percy Harvin, who made a diving catch for the game-tying touchdown. Detroit's next drive resulted in a missed field goal, allowing the Vikings to go 66 yards back down the field for a touchdown, finished off by a 6-yard run from Adrian Peterson. With a minute left in the first half, Favre was picked off yet again, as his throwing arm was hit by Lions DE Cliff Avril, giving Alphonso Smith a simple interception. The Lions drove 36 yards into the Minnesota half, and Jason Hanson ended the 2nd quarter with a field goal from 33 yards. Minnesota began the second half with the ball and took 10 plays to get into the Detroit red zone; however, the Detroit defense stood firm and the Vikings were limited to a 31-yard field goal from Ryan Longwell. The Lions managed to get back into the Minnesota half on their next possession, but they went 3-and-out on the Minnesota 41-yard line before punting into the end zone for a touchback. On the very next play, Vikings HB Adrian Peterson broke a career-long 80-yard run for a touchdown to put Minnesota 24-10 up. On Detroit's next possession, a sack on 3rd-and-20 by Vikings DE Brian Robison on QB Shaun Hill sparked a mass brawl between the two teams. As the defense made their way off the field, Brett Favre was seen giving them vigorous verbal encouragement. Midway through the 4th quarter, Minnesota RB Toby Gerhart fumbled the ball in a tackle, and it was recovered by Detroit FS Louis Delmas. The Lions then drove back down the field from their own 22-yard line to within 4 yards of the Minnesota end zone in just under 5 minutes. However, on 1st-and-goal, Vikings LB Ben Leber intercepted Shaun Hill's attempted pass to RB Maurice Morris inside the end zone before returning it to the Minnesota 18-yard line. The Vikings failed in their attempt to run the clock down to the two-minute warning and had to punt the ball away, giving the Lions one final chance to reduce their deficit. Beginning the drive at their own 38-yard line, they got to the Minnesota 10-yard line within seven plays, but CB Antoine Winfield intercepted Hill's attempt at another touchdown pass to Tony Scheffler inside the endzone for a touchback with only a minute to go. Brett Favre knelt the ball down to run out the clock and the Vikings picked up their first win of the regular season.

Question: How many touchdowns were there in total?

Answer: