Information:  - Zynoviy Bohdan Khmelnytsky (Ruthenian language:   ii; modern ; "Bohdan Zynoviy Mykhailovych Khmelnytsky" 6 August 1657), was the Hetman of the Zaporozhian Host of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland in the PolishLithuanian Commonwealth (now part of Ukraine). He led an uprising against the Commonwealth and its magnates (16481654) which resulted in the creation of a state led by the Cossacks of Ukraine. In 1654, he concluded the Treaty of Pereyaslav with the Tsardom of Russia. The Khmelnytsky Uprising led to the deaths of an estimated 18,000 -100,000 Jews.  - The PolishLithuanian Commonwealth, formally the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, after 1791 the Commonwealth of Poland, was a dualistic state, a bi-confederation, of Poland and Lithuania ruled by a common monarch, who was both the King of Poland and the Grand Duke of Lithuania. It was one of the largest and most populous countries of 16th- and 17th-century Europe. At its peak in the early 17th century, the Commonwealth spanned some and sustained a multi-ethnic population of 11 million. The union was formalized by the Union of Lublin in July 1569, but the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania were in a de-facto personal union since 1386 with the marriage of the Polish queen Hedwig and Lithuania's Grand Duke Jogaila, who was crowned King "jure uxoris" Wadysaw II Jagieo of Poland. The First Partition of Poland in 1772 and the Second Partition of Poland in 1793 greatly reduced the nation's size and the Commonwealth disappeared as an independent state following the Third Partition of Poland in 1795.  - The Khmelnytsky Uprising (; also known as the Cossack-Polish War, Chmielnicki Uprising, or the Khmelnytsky insurrection) was a Cossack rebellion within the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth in 16481657, which led to the creation of a Cossack Hetmanate in Ukrainian lands. Under the command of Hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky, the Zaporozhian Cossacks, allied with the Crimean Tatars and local peasantry, fought against the armies and paramilitary forces of the PolishLithuanian Commonwealth. The insurgency was accompanied by mass atrocities committed by Cossacks against the civilian population, especially against the Roman Catholic clergy and the Jews.  - Adam Kisiel , also Adam Kysil ( Polish : Adam Kisiel Ukrainian :    ; 1580 or 1600 - 1653 ) was a Polish nobleman , the Voivode of Kiev ( 1649 - 1653 ) and castellan or voivode of Czernihów ( 1639 - 1646 ) . He was the last Orthodox senator of the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth . Kisiel has become better known for his mediation during the Khmelnytsky Uprising .  - The Zaporozhian Cossacks, Zaporozhian Cossack Army, Zaporozhian Host or simply Zaporozhians (, ) were Cossacks who lived beyond the rapids of the Dnieper River, the land also known under the historical term Wild Fields in today's Central Ukraine. Today much of its territory is flooded by the waters of Kakhovka Reservoir.  - The Cossack Hetmanate, officially known as the Rus State or Zaporizhian Host ( , "Viysk Zaporozk"), was a Ukrainian Cossack state in Central Ukraine between 1649 and 1764 (some sources claim until 1782). For other names, please, see section "Name".    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'country of citizenship'.