Information:  - Secession (derived from the Latin term "secessio") is the withdrawal of a group from a larger entity, especially a political entity (a country), but also any organization, union or military alliance. Threats of secession can also be a strategy for achieving more limited goals.  - The governor of Nebraska holds the "supreme executive power" of the state of Nebraska as provided by the fourth article of the . The current governor is Pete Ricketts, a Republican, who assumed office on January 8, 2015. The current Lieutenant Governor is Mike Foley, who assumed office on January 8, 2015.  - The American Civil War was a civil war in the United States fought from 1861 to 1865. The Union faced secessionists in eleven Southern states grouped together as the Confederate States of America. The Union won the war, which remains the bloodiest in U.S. history.  - John Peter "Pete" Ricketts (born August 19, 1964) is the 40th and current Governor of the U.S. state of Nebraska, and the former chief operating officer of Ameritrade. He was the Republican nominee for the 2006 U.S. Senate race in Nebraska, which he lost to incumbent Ben Nelson. He ran for governor of Nebraska in the 2014 election, this time defeating the Democratic Party's nominee, Chuck Hassebrook. He was inaugurated as governor on January 8, 2015.  - Albinus Roberts Nance ( March 30 , 1848 -- December 7 , 1911 ) was an American politician . He served as a soldier during the American Civil War , and as the fourth Governor of Nebraska . Nance was born in La Fayette , Illinois on March 30 , 1848 . He was born to Dr. Hiram Nance and Sarah ( Smith ) Nance . He was educated in Kewanee , Illinois , until age sixteen . He married Sarah White and they had one child .  - Nebraska is a state that lies in both the Great Plains and the Midwestern United States. The state is bordered by South Dakota to the north, Iowa to the east and Missouri to the southeast, both across the Missouri River, Kansas to the south, Colorado to the southwest and Wyoming to the west. Its area is just over 77,220 sq mi (200,000 km) with almost 1.9 million people. Its state capital is Lincoln. Its largest city is Omaha, which is on the Missouri River.  - The Confederate States, officially the Confederate States of America (CSA or C.S.), commonly referred to as the Confederacy, was an unrecognized breakaway country of 11 secessionist slave states existing from 1861 to 1865. It was originally formed by seven slave states  South Carolina, Mississippi, Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas  in the Lower South region of the United States whose regional economy was mostly dependent upon agriculture, particularly cotton, and a plantation system that relied upon the labor of African-American slaves.  - A civil war, also known as an intrastate war in polemology, is a war between organized groups within the same state or country, or, less commonly, between two countries created from a formerly united state. The aim of one side may be to take control of the country or a region, to achieve independence for a region or to change government policies. The term is a calque of the Latin "bellum civile" which was used to refer to the various civil wars of the Roman Republic in the 1st century BC.    What entity does 'albinus nance' has the relation 'place of death' with?