By. Rebecca English. PUBLISHED:. 12:09 EST, 23 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 13:02 EST, 23 January 2013. You can always rely on children to ask the questions that even Jeremy Paxman would fear to utter. The Duchess of Cornwall's bananaskin yesterday came courtesy of a six year old primary school pupil who asked her innocently: 'Are you going to be Queen?' The textbook answer, as far as Clarence House is concerned, would have been 'No, Princess Consort' - which is what they have always insisted she will be called when Prince Charles accedes to the throne. Camilla is passionate about literature and has long campaigned to get children reading more. Instead Camilla laughed and replied mischievously: 'You never know.' Her response is likely to add to fuel to the fire of constitutional debate over the Duchess's future role. The prince's advisors plumped for the. title on her somewhat controversial marriage to the Prince of Wales in. order to placate public sensibilities. Academics insist, however, that she will legally be Queen whatever Charles chooses to call her. And friends of the prince say he has always been hopeful that the public would indeed accept her as just that. The Duchess was out and about on public duties yesterday to promote her new patronage of national literacy charity, Beanstalk. The organisation recruits and trains. volunteers from every walk of life to work in primary schools with. children who have fallen behind in their reading. Camilla is passionate about literature and has long campaigned to get children reading more. Yesterday she was at St Mary's RC. Primary School in Battersea, south west London, to meet some of the. children Beanstalk has helped. As wife of the future king, the Duchess of Cornwall is undoubtedly an expert on anything royal. And yesterday she declared  seven-year-old Chrisangelo Ayag’s kingly outfit as ‘superbly authentic’. ‘I must say,’ she said, ‘you look pretty cool.’ Of Jack and the Beanstalk, the Duchess said: 'I find that the more gruesome it is, they more they love it' Whether that’s a compliment she. frequently pays her husband, the Prince of Wales, is anyone’s guess –. although he was recently named by GQ magazine as one of the snappiest. dressers in Britain. But Camilla was certainly very taken. with her new young friend, wearing who was wearing a paper crown, cloak. and a drawn-on beard. She appeared entranced as the pupils. treated her to a performance of one of the books they have recently been. reading, an African tale called The Papaya Who Spoke, featuring. Chrisangelo in a starring role. She also met several youngsters. working with their volunteers, including five-year-old Omani Koroma, who. has come on ‘leaps and bounds’ with the help of Isobel Patchett. After listening to him reading aloud,. she said: ‘Omani, that was brilliant. I give you ten out of ten. Keep it. up. Everyone is very proud of you.’ She also treated some of the children. to a rendition of Jack and the Beanstalk. Discussing the story. afterwards,  particularly the child-eating giant, she said: ‘I find with. children that the more gruesome it is, they more they love it.’ The Duchess left the school with three signed copies of the book. Camilla met children who have fallen behind in their reading, but are benefitting from the scheme.

Write highlights for this article.