By. Daily Mail Reporter. UPDATED:. 10:40 EST, 5 December 2011. His daughter’s serious health condition makes her life 'measured in days and weeks' - so it’s fair to question why he wants to run for president. But Republican candidate Rick Santorum, 53, says his daughter Bella’s genetic disorder Trisomy 18 is actually spurring him on in the race. The former Pennsylvania senator said he was focussed on running to ensure the U.S. continues to 'respect' the lives of children like Bella. Scroll down for video. Together: Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum, 53, says his daughter Bella's genetic disorder Trisomy 18 is spurring him on. Serious illness: He has revealed his fears about the effects of socialised medicine on children like Bella. Father and daughter: Trisomy 18 is a genetic disorder in which a person has a third copy of material from chromosome 18, instead of the usual two copies. The father-of-seven was asked to. 'justify' how he could focus on the Presidential campaign trail by. Christiane Amanpour on This Week. She said: 'As a mother, I just wonder. how you can keep going and how you justify this with so much personal. toll at home... given the polls?' He is now polling just five per cent in Iowa, trailed only by Jon Huntsman, but claimed he does not worry about this. ‘I don't worry about the polls,’ Mr. Santorum said. ‘I worry about what I'm trying to do to be the best. father and husband I can be. Father-of-seven: Mr Santorum is pictured at his headquarters in Bedford, New Hampshire, on Friday, just a few weeks before the GOP elections begin. Family: Mr Santorum, right, walks with his wife Karen, son Daniel, and daughter Sarah Maria during his visit to Charmingfare Farm in Candia, New Hampshire. 'And obviously a big part of that is. making sure that we have a country that respects her life and a country. that is free and safe and prosperous for all of my children. Trisomy 18 is a genetic disorder in which a person has a third copy of material from chromosome 18, instead of the usual two copies. It can cause a range of problems including severe developmental delays, holes in the heart and kidney failure. Half of infants with this condition do not survive beyond the first week of life. Some have survived to teen years - but with serious medical and developmental problems. 'And I just felt like given this is. really I believe the most critical election in the history of the. country that I had to step up and make sacrifices, like everybody does,. to make our country a better country.' Mr Santorum's remarks come two months after he revealed his fears about the effects of socialised medicine on children like Bella. 'Life expectancy wasn't particularly. long, and just the idea of going off and doing something like this. (running for president) was something I really struggled with.’ He said ‘those on the margins of life. are treated differently’ in every ‘socialised-medicine country - which is. absolutely where we're headed’, reported the Washington Post. 'They're not given the care, the. resources aren't allocated because it is very costly, and my little girl. would probably be seen as - I hear, not only from anecdotal but actual. evidence from other countries - that children like this simply do not. get care.' See video here.

What are highlight points for this article?