On the heels of Pharrell stamping his endorsement for Hillary Clinton as the next American president, one rapper has expressed feelings on the contrary. In a sit-down with DJ Whoo Kid, T.I. divulged his thoughts on Clinton as the potential 45th commander-in-chief, remarking that he was not here for a woman being elected. 
  
 “Not to be sexist but, I can’t vote for the leader of the free world to be a woman,” he said. “Just because, every other position that exists, I think a woman could do well. But the president? It’s kinda like, I just know that women make rash decisions emotionally – they make very permanent, cemented decisions – and then later, it’s kind of like it didn’t happen, or they didn’t mean for it to happen. And I sure would hate to just set off a nuke. [Other leaders] will not be able to negotiate the right kinds of foreign policy; the world ain’t ready yet. I think you might be able to the Loch Ness Monster elected before you could [get a woman].” 
  
 READ: This Poem By T.I. Urges Black Lives Matter Supporters To Take Action Beyond Social Media 
  
 With regards to Donald Trump, Tip expressed a belief in his abilities as a businessman. Citing his personal endeavors, the rapper noted that the controversial Republican candidate could be 
  
 “beneficial” if he is “sincerely concerned about the economy of America.” He concluded in the end however, that he could not support Trump because of his racist remarks. 
  
 “He’s interesting and I feel his the best showman of them all. And I do feel that if he is sincerely concerned about the economy of America and the working public, he would be the best person to flip the money that we have […] But you know, his racist remarks and all of his off-color statements and all that s**t it makes it impossible to be completely supportive of him. But just knowing what he’s done for business for himself, if he intends to do that for America, it would be beneficial. But I can’t cash no vote for him.” 
  
 T.I. also discussed his relationship with Travis Scott, likening it to working with Iggy Azalea. Watch the full DJ Whoo Kid interview below: ||||| When Sirius XM's DJ Whoo Kid asked rapper T.I. about his thoughts on Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential run, he had some... interesting thoughts. 
  
 We're just going to leave this quote right here in full (emphasis ours): 
  
 Not to be sexist but, I can’t vote for the leader of the free world to be a woman. Just because, every other position that exists, I think a woman could do well. But the president? It’s kinda like, I just know that women make rash decisions emotionally -- they make very permanent, cemented decisions -- and then later, it’s kind of like it didn’t happen, or they didn’t mean for it to happen. And I sure would hate to just set off a nuke. [Other leaders] will not be able to negotiate the right kinds of foreign policy; the world ain’t ready yet. I think you might be able to the Lochness Monster elected before you could [get a woman]. 
  
 Pro tip: Never start a sentence with "not to be sexist but..." 
  
 UPDATE: T.I. responded to the backlash over his original comments on Twitter. ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. |||||

Write a summary.