By. Mike Dawes. Reece Lyne's late try made the difference as Wakefield Trinity Wildcats stunned defending First Utility Super League champions Wigan to record their first win over the Warriors since 2009. A youthful Wigan side without the likes of Sean O'Loughlin, John Bateman and Matty Bowen played their part in an excellent match but ultimately fell to a 36-28 defeat. Wakefield edged an entertaining first half which swung one way then the other thanks to tries from Danny Kirmond, Tim Smith, Richard Owen and Richard Moore. Jack Hughes, Liam Farrell and Anthony Gelling crossed during a purple patch for Wigan, who had the first word in the second period as Farrell went over again. Paul Sykes made it five from five with the boot to give the Wildcats the lead but it was short-lived, Dan Sarginson putting Wigan back in the box seat. Purple patch: Jack Hughes bursts away from the defence to score during a spell of Wigan dominance. Danny Washbrook's try moved Wakefield back ahead and Lyne went over four minutes from time to claim the win and knock Wigan off top spot. Warriors hooker George Williams went closest to breaking the deadlock after a tight opening 15 minutes when he was adjudged to have knocked the ball on reaching for the line. It was Wakefield who took the lead as Kirmond took a short ball from Tim Smith close to the Warriors line and crashed over. The Wildcats were almost in again from the restart but Chris Riley was unable to hold onto the ball after a break by Lyne. Riley's error proved costly as Hughes took a flat pass from Matty Smith and showed a good turn of pace to beat Richard Mathers to the line. Wigan were in again from the restart courtesy of Liam Farrell's try on the back of a surging run by Jack Murphy, who was making his first appearance of the season. It looked as if the writing was on the wall for Wakefield when Gelling showed good athleticism to collect Matty Smith's high kick and touch down. Wigan-bound Taulima Tautai was on receiving end of a dangerous tackle by Liam Farrell in an incident which saw the Warriors forward put on report and Wakefield took full advantage as Tim Smith jinked his way over. The hosts were back on level terms when Skyes converted after Owen finished from 40 metres out following a bit of magic by Pita Godinet. Wakefield had the momentum and they retook the lead on the stroke of half-time when Moore crashed onto Godinet's pass from dummy half to power over. Tautai was denied a try at the start of the second half after referee George Stokes penalised the Wildcats for obstruction and they were quickly on the back foot, Liam Farrell crossing for his second try after half-backs Matty Smith and Sam Powell combined. A Sykes penalty edged Wakefield ahead with just over a quarter of the game to go but Wigan were back in front when Sarginson showed good footwork to score. Matty Smith's missed conversion ensured Wakefield had only a two-point deficit, which was wiped out thanks to Washbrook's close-range effort. Sykes missed a straightforward conversion before Murphy had a try ruled out for a forward pass. Wakefield decided against going for goal after a high tackle by Matty Smith and that decision was vindicated as Lyne finished on the back of a good offload by Sykes, who converted to seal a famous win.

What are highlight points for this article?