Summarize this article:

Some people are more prone to folic acid deficiency than others because of genetic causes, intestinal issues, chronic illness, and the use of certain medications. Talk to your physician if you have risk factors that may prevent you from absorbing enough folic acid.  Genetic mutations such as polymorphism (a genetic variance or flaw) can be a risk factor for folic acid deficiency. Known as a MTHFR mutation, your body may have trouble making an enzyme called methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase which is critical for the body’s processing of folic acid.  Chronic illnesses that affect absorption in the gastrointestinal tract may also cause folic acid deficiencies. If you suffer from Crohn’s or celiac disease, or are on dialysis, discuss strategies with your doctor to ensure you are ingesting enough folic acid.  A number of common medications may interfere with folic acid absorption, including anti-inflammatories, antibiotics, and antacids. If you are being treated for a particular condition, do not take folic acid supplements without first discussing it with your physician. Anemia is a tell-tale sign of a folate deficiency, so knowing the symptoms can help you identify if you’re having trouble absorbing folic acid. Symptoms of anemia include weakness, lack of concentration, and lightheadedness. Other symptoms may include diarrhea, numbness of the hands and feet, muscle weakness, and depression. Both vitamin b12 and folic acid deficiencies can cause anemia. Taking folic acid supplements alone can mask anemia caused by a vitamin B12 deficiency, and vice versa. To make sure you’re getting enough of both, take vitamin B12 and folic acid together. Vitamin B12 and folic acid work synergistically to support heart and nerve health. Taking a folic acid supplement just before you eat a meal will ensure that your body digests it along with your food. Make it a habit to take your supplement before you eat so you’re getting your daily recommended amount of folic acid. Stick to a schedule. Because daily intake is important for folic acid, take it at a convenient time when you will remember. If you have trouble, set an alarm on your phone or computer. Alcohol can affect your body’s ability to absorb folic acid so avoid drinking more than 2-3 alcoholic drinks a day. Try to minimize your use of alcohol or stop drinking completely, especially if you’re pregnant or trying to get pregnant, to increase your folic acid absorption.  Alcohol can also cause you to excrete folic acid in your urine, lowering the level in your body. If you’re struggling to quit drinking, try getting help from a counselor or a program such as Alcoholics Anonymous. Alcoholics with folate deficiency are more at risk to develop liver injuries. Folic acid is destroyed by air and heat and the amount present in the foods can decrease significantly if food is improperly stored, overcooked, or reheated. Steaming is an excellent method for cooking vegetables since it preserves vitamins, including folate, better than boiling Orange juice or a vitamin C supplement can aid in the body's absorption of nutrients including folic acid. Vitamin C also plays an essential role in the way your body metabolizes folic acid, so add a tasty glass of orange juice or take a supplement at least once a day to boost your folic acid absorption.