Q:Information:  - Dalton James Patrick McGuinty, Jr., (born July 19, 1955) is a Canadian retired politician who served as the 24th Premier of Ontario from 2003 to 2013. He was the first Liberal leader to win two majority governments since Mitchell Hepburn nearly 70 years earlier. In 2011, he became the first Liberal premier to secure a third consecutive term since Oliver Mowat (18721896), after his party was re-elected in that year's provincial election.  - Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada. It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America, at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers.  - Chris Hodgson ( born c. 1962 ) is a former politician in Ontario , Canada . He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1994 to 2003 representing the ridings of Victoria -- Haliburton and Haliburton -- Victoria -- Brock . He was a cabinet minister in the governments of Mike Harris and Ernie Eves .  - Michael Deane "Mike" Harris (born January 23, 1945) was the 22nd Premier of Ontario from June 26, 1995 to April 14, 2002. He is most noted for the "Common Sense Revolution", his Progressive Conservative government's program of deficit reduction in combination with lower taxes and cuts to government programs.  - Ernest Larry Eves (born June 17, 1946) is a Canadian former politician who served as the 23rd Premier of Ontario from 2002 to 2003. He took over as Premier in 2002 when Mike Harris resigned as leader but was defeated in the 2003 election by the Liberals under Dalton McGuinty.  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - FOREST (short for "Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco") is a United Kingdom political pressure group which campaigns against tobacco control activity.  - The phrase Common Sense Revolution (CSR) has been used as a political slogan to describe conservative platforms with a main goal of reducing taxes while balancing the budget by reducing the size and role of government. It has been used in places such as Australia and the U.S. state of New Jersey in the 1990s. This article deals with the "Common Sense Revolution" as it was under Ontario Premier Mike Harris, and the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario from 1995 to 2002.    What object entity has the relation of 'member of political party' with the subject 'chris hodgson'?   Choices: - liberal  - liberals  - progressive conservative party of ontario  - red  - the right
A: