By. Sean Poulter. Npower is axing almost 2,000 staff as it outsources work to India, it emerged last night. Just weeks before Christmas, the firm has decided to close its British call centres. The move was condemned by the GMB and Unison unions, who called for a public inquiry into the way Npower is being run. Npower has decided to close its British call centres, axing almost 2,000 staff just weeks before Christmas. It is understood that sites at Peterlee in County Durham, Thornaby in North Yorkshire, and Stoke will be closed, with the transfer of 1,400 jobs to India, while 570 customer service jobs will go to another company in Britain. Npower is owned by RWE of Germany, which earlier this week dumped a project to build a vast wind farm in the Bristol Channel. Colin Smith, of the GMB, said: ‘This is about cost of living, bad management and naked greed.. ‘At this time of the year, when the Christmas lights are being turned on for most people, Npower workers their families and communities have no Yuletide greetings. ‘They have only fear from a company only interested in their fat-cat salaries and what they can get out of consumers who are paying ever higher energy prices so corporate bureaucrats can get fatter as their reward for failure. 'It is an absolute scandal that a company like Npower can operate as a cartel player in a captive market, while jobs are placed offshore.’ Npower is to move all UK call centres to India. Matthew Lay, Unison national officer, said: ‘Npower have consistently let their customers and staff down by not investing enough in the workforce, technology or the latest customer-service techniques. ‘This has led to a huge number of complaints which the company seems to think they can deal with by shifting the responsibility to somewhere else, including India. ‘If the company goes ahead with this disastrous plan, it will backfire badly, damaging their already tarnished reputation for service.’ Its poor record on complaints, a punishing 10.2 per cent price rise and its failure to pay tax have angered many customers of Britain’s most expensive energy firm. But chief executive Paul Massara, who earns £600,000, has rejected calls to give up a bonus of £150,000 awarded for hitting targets for employee and customer satisfaction. Just last week, Npower was named and shamed as the nation’s worst performer for customer service. The company receives 202.5 complaints for every 100,000 customers – five times more than the best energy supplier. Audrey Gallacher, director of energy at official customer watchdog Consumer Futures, said Npower’s performance was ‘unacceptable’ and it was unclear how moving call centre services to outside firms would improve the situation. She added: ‘Energy companies have repeatedly said they want to rebuild consumer trust. Good customer service and complaints handling are key ingredients to achieving this and suppliers still have a long way to go.’ The firm is also about to hit customers with a 10.2 per cent rise in the cost of heat and light, which will take average bills up by £139 to just under £1,500 a year. Npower said: ‘Npower has been undertaking a major review of sites, operations and people across the UK to improve customer service and keep costs down, at a time of external pressures on customers’ bills.’
Summarize the highlights of this article.