Write some highlights for the following article:

By. David Kent. Sir Alex Ferguson is expected to have little or no say in who will be the next manager of Manchester United. The 72-year-old former United boss, who won 38 trophies in 26 seasons at Old Trafford, was effectively handed full authority to choose his successor after announcing his own retiremment last season. His choice, David Moyes, was fired today after an early mornning meeting with United chief executive at United's Carrington training HQ. Not this time, Sir ALex: Ferguson, who will not appoint Davuid Moyes' successor, checks his watch as he takes in a the match against Bayern Munich in this season's Champions League. No hiding place: Ryan Giggs (left) has been appointed interim manager at United following the sacking of David Moyes (right) The United hierarchy’s explanation for allowing Ferguson to effectively select his successor was that it made sense to trust the judgement of someone with so much success and who was still on the payroll as a £2million-a-year ambassador. United's board clearly remain keen to maintain links with the Ferguson era, however, as they have appointed Ryan Giggs as interim manager, with Nicky Butt his assistant. Sportsmail understands that Phil Neville remains part of the back-room set up despite Moyes' departure. The club are also intent on luring Paul Scholes back in to the Old Trafford fold after the departure of Moyes, as revealed by Sportsmail earlier today. Scholes has hardly been seen at the club since doing some work with Under 19s manager Nicky Butt earlier this season after becoming disillusioned with what he felt were half-hearted attempts by Moyes to find him a role. Now that Moyes has been sacked as United. manager, the club will do everything they can to fit their former. midfield player in to their coaching set-up as they look to retain a. connection with the club’s glorious past behind the scenes. With United set to appoint a foreign manager to replace Moyes the club are concerned that ties with the past could be cut. Ryan Giggs is now the club interim manager and will be retained whatever happens this summer but Phil Neville could follow Moyes out of the club after serving as a coach under the Scot while brother Gary and David Beckham are pursuing other careers. United had no plans in place to reintroduce Scholes to the coaching staff while Moyes was in charge and a source close to the club revealed to Sportsmail last month that the situation was unlikely to change. Scholes teamed up with Butt to help his former team-mate coach the United youngsters for the UEFA youth league in the autumn but this arrangement was on a purely voluntary, non-contracted basis. It was orchestrated by Butt, rather than Moyes, and it remained a temporary role. Last summer, Scholes turned down the chance to play a leading role on Moyes' staff, citing a wish to spend some time with his family before making his return to football. No 2: Nicky Butt has been promoted from coach of United's Under 19s to assistant boss in Ryan Giggs new interim regime. Returning hero? Paul Scholes at the Cheltenham Festival last month (left) and with Nicky Butt at the Class Of 92 film premiere (right) is wanted back by the Manchester United board. That'll have to come down: The 'Chosen One' banner at Old Trafford.

Highlights: