Information:  - Watling Street is the name given to an ancient trackway in England and Wales that was first used by the Britons mainly between the areas of modern Canterbury and using a natural ford near Westminster. The Romans later paved the route, which then connected the Kentish ports of Dubris (Dover), Rutupiae (Richborough), Lemanis (Lympne), and Regulbium (Reculver) to their bridge over the Thames at Londinium (London). The continuation northwest passed Verulamium (St Albans) on its way to Viroconium (Wroxeter). The Romans considered the continuation on to Blatobulgium (Birrens) beyond Hadrian's Wall to be part of the same route, leading some scholars to call this Watling Street as well, although others restrict it to the southern leg. Watling Street was the site of Boudica's defeat by the Romans and the southwestern border of the Danelaw. In the early 19th century, the course between London and the sea was paved and became known as the Great Dover Road. Today, the route from Dover to London forms part of the A2 road and the route from London to Wroxeter forms much of the A5 road.  - Loughborough (or ) is a town within the Charnwood borough of Leicestershire, England. It is the seat of Charnwood Borough Council and home to Loughborough University. The town had a population of 57,600 in 2004, making it the largest settlement in Leicestershire outside the city of Leicester. The town is close to the Nottinghamshire border and is within a short distance of locations such as Nottingham, the East Midlands Airport and Derby.  - Loughborough University (abbreviated as Lough for post-nominals) is a public research university located in the market town of Loughborough, Leicestershire, in the East Midlands of England. It has been a university since 1966, but the institution dates back to 1909, when the then Loughborough Technical Institute began with a focus on skills and knowledge which would be directly applicable in the wider world. In March 2013, the university announced it had acquired the former broadcast centre at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park which opened as a second campus in 2015. It was a member of the 1994 Group until the group was dissolved in November 2013.  - Jodie Swallow ( born 23 June 1981 ) is a British triathlete from Loughborough , Leicestershire . She is the 2010 Ironman 70.3 champion as well as the winner of the 2009 ITU Long Distance Triathlon World Championships . In 2004 , Swallow represented Great Britain at the Summer Olympics competing in triathlon , placing 34th . At the 2014 Ironman World Championship she placed 4th , less than 10 minutes behind champion Mirinda Carfrae .  - Leicestershire (or ; abbreviation Leics.) is a landlocked county in the English Midlands. It takes its name from the City of Leicester, traditionally its administrative centre, although the City of Leicester unitary authority is today administered separately from the rest of Leicestershire. The county borders Nottinghamshire to the north, Lincolnshire to the north-east, Rutland to the east, Northamptonshire to the south-east, Warwickshire to the south-west, Staffordshire to the west, and Derbyshire to the north-west. The border with most of Warwickshire is Watling Street (the A5).    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'educated at' with 'loughborough university'.