Question: Information:  - The Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta (often referred to colloquially as Progressive Conservative "Party" of Alberta) is a provincial centre-right party in the Canadian province of Alberta. The party formed the provincial government, without interruption, from 1971 until the party's defeat in the 2015 provincial election. With seven Premiers and at 44 years, this was the longest unbroken run in government at the provincial or federal level in Canadian history.  - Ralph Phillip Klein, (November 1, 1942 March 29, 2013) was a Canadian politician who served as the 12th Premier of Alberta and leader of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta from 1992 until his retirement in 2006. Klein's tenure as premier ended when the Alberta Progressive Conservatives' new leader, Ed Stelmach, assumed office December 14, 2006, exactly fourteen years after Klein first became Premier. His nickname was "King Ralph", a reference to his political longevity and his management style. Klein continued the PC dynasty, winning four consecutive majority governments.  - The University of Alberta (also known as U of A and UAlberta) is a public research university located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was founded in 1908 by Alexander Cameron Rutherford, the first premier of Alberta, and Henry Marshall Tory, its first president. Its enabling legislation is the "Post-secondary Learning Act."  - Edward Michael "Ed" Stelmach (born May 11, 1951) is a Canadian politician and served as the 13th Premier of Alberta, Canada, from 2006 to 2011. The grandson of Ukrainian immigrants, Stelmach was born and raised on a farm near Lamont and speaks fluent Ukrainian. He spent his entire pre-political adult life as a farmer, except for some time spent studying at the University of Alberta. His first foray into politics was a 1986 municipal election, when he was elected to Lamont County council. A year into his term, he was appointed reeve. He continued in this position until his entry into provincial politics.  - Iris Sylvia Evans ( born December 31 , 1941 ) is a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and Minister of International and Intergovernmental Relations for the Canadian province . From November 25 , 2004 to December 15 , 2006 she served as Alberta 's Minister of Health and Wellness in Premier Ralph Klein 's cabinet . After Ed Stelmach assumed the office of Premier , she was named Minister of Employment , Immigration and Industry in his cabinet . After the 2008 Alberta provincial election , Premier Stelmach appointed Evans as Minister of Finance and Enterprise . She was moved over to Intergovernmental Relations in January 2010 . A nurse by training , Evans was first elected to the legislature in 1997 , representing the riding of Sherwood Park for the Progressive Conservatives . She previously held the portfolios of Minister of Municipal Affairs and Minister of Children 's Services . Prior to being elected to the legislature , Evans served as a school board trustee , municipal councillor , and finally as the reeve of Strathcona County .    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'member of political party' with the subject 'iris evans'.  Choices: - progressive conservative association of alberta  - tory
Answer: