Summarize this article:

You'll want to do a bit of prep work before discussing a sleepover with your parents. Sometimes, a "show don't tell" approach works best. Consider spending a few days showing your parents you're responsible. If your parents see you're maturing, they might be more willing to allow you to have extra freedom.  Most parents expect that kids will reach a point where they crave more independence. However, understand parents have worries themselves. They will want to make sure they know where you are at all times. You can ease some of their potential anxiety by showcasing your growing maturity and independence. Do your chores without being asked. Complete your homework as soon as you get home from school. Be upfront about what's happening in your day-to-day life by sharing details about school and your social life without prompting. Use "please" and "thank you" at the dinner table. After showing your parents your increasing maturity, pick a time to talk about the sleepover. Choose a time that's flexible and works for both you and your parents. That is, don't bring up the issue at 11 o'clock at night when you know your parents have to be up for work in the morning. Instead, bring it up a little after dinner on a weeknight.  Try to be as mature as possible when bringing up the subject. Say something courteous like, "Mom, Dad, I wanted to talk to you about something that's been on my mind." Remember your manners as this will impress your parents. Try something like, "Could we please have a talk after dinner tonight?" Your parents may react negatively if you bring up other people's families, your friends, or your siblings. Keep your focus on yourself and your situation.  You may be tempted to say something like, "Miranda's parents are letting her go!" or "You let Jamie go to sleepover's when he was my age." Such statements are likely to rub your parents the wrong way. It's irrelevant what other people are doing. Your parents have made rules with your specific needs and safety in mind.  Talk about yourself and the reasons you are mature enough to attend a sleepover. Point to things like your grades and your behavior. Say something like, "I usually get decent grades and I stay out of trouble. I feel like you should have some trust in me." You can also explain to your parents why you want to go to the sleepover. Try something like, "I really like hanging out with Sophie and her friends at school. I feel like it would be a lot of fun hanging out with them outside of the classroom and this is a good opportunity." Parents usually want to know where you are, what you're doing, and who you're with. Withholding this information could make your parents less likely to grant you permission to attend a sleepover. Be upfront about where the sleepover is, who will be there, and what events and activities will take place. Your parents will feel a lot more comfortable granting you permission if they know exactly what's going on. If your parents still say "No," it can be helpful for you to ask them why. Try not to yell or get frustrated as this can result in an argument. Instead, ask what their main concerns are. Wait a few days until you've both cooled down and you've had time to figure out how to address these concerns. Then, bring the event up again and see if the discussion goes over any better.