Summarize this article in one sentence.
If the bite broke the skin or doesn’t heal with first aid, see your doctor as soon as possible. You may require more in-depth treatment than what you can do at home, which can minimize your risk for infection or nerve damage.  It’s important to see your doctor if a human bite breaks your skin, as it can very easily become infected. You should seek treatment for a broken skin wound within 24 hours.  If your wound doesn’t stop bleeding or the bite has removed significant tissue, seek help at an emergency room.  If you have any concerns even about the smallest bite or scrape from a human mouth, talk to your doctor.  Tell your doctor how you got the bite. This might help him with your treatment or getting help if it involved violence.  Your doctor will measure the wound and take notes on presentation including location or if you appear to have nerve or tendon damage.  Depending on the severity of the bite, your doctor may order blood tests or X-rays. If there are any foreign objects in your bite wound, such as teeth, your doctor will remove them. This can help minimize your risk of infection and may relieve any pain you have. If you have a significant bite mark on your face, your doctor should enlist the help of a plastic surgeon to stitch the wound so it will heal properly, with minimal scarring. It’s not uncommon for stitches to itch. If this is the case, you can use a light layer of antibiotic ointment to relieve itching and help prevent infection. Your doctor may prescribe one of several different antibiotics for a human bite wound. These can minimize your risk of developing an infection.  Your doctor may prescribe one of the following antibiotics to combat infection: cephalosporin, penicillin, clindamycin, erythromycin, or aminoglycosides.  Antibiotic treatment usually lasts between three to five days. If there is an infection, it may be necessary to follow up with a longer course of treatment, up to six weeks. If you haven’t had a tetanus shot within five years, your doctor may prescribe a booster shot. This can help prevent the infection that causes tetanus, or lockjaw.  Make sure to tell your doctor the date of your last tetanus shot or if you’ve never had one. Tetanus is a potentially fatal infection.  If you know the medical history of the person who bit you, a tetanus shot may not be necessary. If your biter’s medical history is unknown to you, your doctor may test for the transmission of diseases such as HIV and hepatitis B at regular intervals. This can not only identify possible infection, but also put your mind at ease. It is very unlikely you will contract any disease such as HIV, hepatitis B, or herpes from a human bite. It’s normal to have pain for a few days following the a bite wound. Use either over the counter pain relievers or a prescription pain medication to help alleviate pain and some swelling.  Take over the counter pain relievers such as ibuprofen or acetaminophen. Ibuprofen may also help alleviate some of the swelling associate with the surgery. Your doctor may prescribe a pain medication if over the counter pain relief doesn’t work for you. If you had an extremely severe bite that resulted in the loss of tissue, your doctor may suggest plastic surgery. This can repair your skin to its earlier state with little scarring.

Summary: