Q: "I Told You So" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Randy Travis from his 1987 album, Always & Forever. It reached number one on the U.S. Billboard and Canadian RPM country singles charts in June 1988. Travis had first recorded it on his 1983 album Live at the Nashville Palace under his stage name "Randy Ray". It became a local hit and one of his most requested songs at the club. In 2007, the song was covered by Carrie Underwood on her album Carnival Ride. Her version was released in February 2009 and was re-recorded and re-released in March as a duet with Travis. Underwood's and Travis's duet peaked at number two on the U.S. country charts in 2009.

Answer this question based on the passage: who sings i told you so country song?
A: American country music singer Randy Travis. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: "I Told You So" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Randy Travis from his 1987 album, Always & Forever.

Q: Baby back ribs (also back ribs or loin ribs) are taken from the top of the rib cage between the spine and the spare ribs, below the loin muscle. They have meat between the bones and on top of the bones, and are shorter, curved, and sometimes meatier than spare ribs. The rack is shorter at one end, due to the natural tapering of a pig's rib cage. The shortest bones are typically only about 3 in (7.6 cm) and the longest is usually about 6 in (15 cm), depending on the size of the hog. A pig side has 15 to 16 ribs (depending on the breed), but usually two or three are left on the shoulder when it is separated from the loin. So, a rack of back ribs contains a minimum of eight ribs (some may be trimmed if damaged), but can include up to 13 ribs, depending on how it has been prepared by the butcher. A typical commercial rack has 10 -- 13 bones. If fewer than 10 bones are present, butchers call them "cheater racks".

Answer this question based on the passage: where are baby back ribs located on a pig?
A: the top of the rib cage between the spine and the spare ribs , below the loin muscle. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: Baby back ribs (also back ribs or loin ribs) are taken from the top of the rib cage between the spine and the spare ribs, below the loin muscle.

Q: Passage: King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table is a novel for children written by Roger Lancelyn Green. It was first published by Puffin Books in 1953 and has since been reprinted. In 2008 it was reissued in the Puffin Classics series with an introduction by David Almond (the award-winning author of Clay, Skellig, Kit's Wilderness and The Fire-Eaters), and the original illustrations by Lotte Reiniger.

Question: Based on this passage, who wrote king arthur and the round table?
A: Roger Lancelyn Green. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table is a novel for children written by Roger Lancelyn Green.

Q: The Air Jordan IV was re-released in 1999 and retroed in 2000, 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010 -- 2013 and 2015 -- 2017. Recent retroed colorways are the Retro 4 "Legend Blue", "Oreo" in early 2015, and the Retro 4 OG "Cement" that released on February 13, 2016.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did the air jordan retro 4 come out?
A: