What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Giving tasteful compliments about a guy's appearance is one thing, but creeping a guy out with rude or suggestive comments about his body is another entirely. Though many guys may be reluctant to show it, their feelings may even by hurt by you objectifying them. Don't make a guy feel like a piece of meat — though this is advice you'll usually hear given to men regarding women, it's just as true the other way around.  Objectification happens when you take a person's appearance as representation of their whole being. This is especially when these attributes should be irrelevant to the situation.  Though sparing a guy's feelings should be enough of a reason not to objectify him, there's another reason you shouldn't do it that's more immediate: you can get in trouble. In fact, if your creepy come-ons or unwanted compliments are severe enough, they can constitute harassment, which is a major offense at school or in the workplace and lead to serious repercussions. There are a huge range of topics that are acceptable subjects for compliments, so don't make the mistake of choosing one that's off-limits. In general, you'll want to avoid complimenting guys on things that are very personal or which have strong emotions attached to them, unless you're very close to him.  This advice is especially true if other people are present — while it may sometimes be OK to bring up personal topics in one-on-one settings, you'll almost never want to do it in front of his friends. Taboo compliments will vary from place to place. It can be considered offensive to compliment a man on his wife. Your compliments should be all about building the guy up, not about subtly tearing him down or making yourself feel better at his expense. Try not to give backhanded compliments — compliments that contain a thinly-veiled insult or a compliment to yourself. Not only are they rude, but also generally quite obvious, so they can easily end up making you look like a jerk in social situations.  Here's an example of a backhanded compliment: "Hey, did you get a new shirt?  It makes you look thinner." It may seem like you're complimenting him, but you're also saying he normally looks fat. Research suggests that people are more likely to take these expressions as backhanded when they perceive the person giving the compliment has some insight into what is normal. Don’t use a canned line. Ridiculous pickup lines can be great fun if you're just playing around, but they're terrible if you're genuinely trying to compliment someone. Remember, the best compliments are sincere ones, so, unless this person has really "been running through your head all day", you're probably hurting your chances with these sorts of lines. Don’t compliment him on something you’re unsure about. If you're wrong about your assumption, you may offend him or hit a sensitive nerve, so it's usually best to play it safe and wait. Here are just a few examples of potentially "dangerous" situations where you should tread lightly:  His appearance has recently changed (e.g., he has recently lost a lot of weight in a short time) You haven't seen him in a long time and aren't sure how his life has changed You don't know his relationship status You aren't sure how he feels about current events (e.g. in the field of politics, etc.)