Information:  - Roderick Michael Love ( August 5 , 1953 -- October 26 , 2014 ) was a Canadian political strategist . He served as chief of staff to Ralph Klein during Klein 's tenure as Mayor of Calgary and Premier of Alberta .  - Ralph Phillip Klein, (November 1, 1942 March 29, 2013) was a Canadian politician who served as the 12th Premier of Alberta and leader of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta from 1992 until his retirement in 2006. Klein's tenure as premier ended when the Alberta Progressive Conservatives' new leader, Ed Stelmach, assumed office December 14, 2006, exactly fourteen years after Klein first became Premier. His nickname was "King Ralph", a reference to his political longevity and his management style. Klein continued the PC dynasty, winning four consecutive majority governments.  - Rachel Anne Notley (born April 17, 1964) is a Canadian politician and the 17th and current Premier of Alberta, since 2015. She is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for Edmonton-Strathcona, and leader of the Alberta New Democratic Party. The daughter of former Alberta NDP leader Grant Notley, Notley's career before politics focused on labour law, with a specialty in workers' compensation advocacy and workplace health and safety issues.  - Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province, in an area of foothills and prairie, about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies. In the 2011 census, the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839, making it the largest city in Alberta, and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area (CMA) in Canada.  - The Premier of Alberta is the first minister for the Canadian province of Alberta. He or she is the province's head of government. The current Premier of Alberta is Rachel Notley, who was sworn in on May 24, 2015.  - The Bow River is a river in the Canadian province of Alberta. It begins in the Rocky Mountains and winds through the Alberta foothills onto the prairies where it meets the Oldman River, the two then forming the South Saskatchewan River. These waters ultimately flow through the Nelson River into Hudson Bay. The Bow River runs through the city of Calgary, taking in the Elbow River at the historic site of Fort Calgary near downtown. The Bow River pathway, developed along the river's banks, is considered a part of Calgary's self-image.  - The Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta (often referred to colloquially as Progressive Conservative "Party" of Alberta) is a provincial centre-right party in the Canadian province of Alberta. The party formed the provincial government, without interruption, from 1971 until the party's defeat in the 2015 provincial election. With seven Premiers and at 44 years, this was the longest unbroken run in government at the provincial or federal level in Canadian history.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'rod love' exhibits the relationship of 'member of political party'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - alberta new democratic party  - progressive conservative association of alberta  - the river
The answer to this question is: