Definition: Given a passage and a query based on the passage, generate an unambiguous, concise and simple answer to the query from information in the passage. Note that the answer may not be present in exact form.
Input: dont listen to these people. its only 1 1/2 hours to the beach in SF. Palermo is about 2 1/2 hours from the beach. Sacramento is nice, but is far away from any other metropolitan area. Sacramento is about 2 hours from SanFrancisco(Closest coastal area to Sacramento.) Never heard of Palermo. 3 hours. 1. Re: Driving from San Francisco to Sacramento. Dec 16, 2010, 8:12 AM. From the San Francisco airport, I'm going to say it should take a little under 2.5 hours. It's a relatively easy drive, especially once you get to the east side of the Bay Bridge. From the airport, you'd head north on 101 to I-80 East, and then over the Bay Bridge. What is the distance from Sacramento California to Louisville Kentucky? The distance from Sacramento, California, to Louisville, Kentucky, is 1,924 air miles. That equals 3,096 kilometers or 1,672 nautical miles. Behind the beach are stunning sculpted sandstone cliffs making this a very […] See details . Pomponio State Beach. Pomponio State Beach protects about two miles of the California coast about 20 minutes south of Half Moon Bay. Much of the beach in Pomponio is difficult to access from […] See details . Santa Cruz Main Beach Photo: Shutterstock. The small, unincorporated Marin County community of Stinson Beach, about 100 miles from Sacramento, has a laid-back vibe in a lush coastal setting that has been luring city slickers since the 1906 earthquake prompted a few San Franciscans to set up shops here. Interstate 580 running between I-5 and I-80 was also once designated 5W; what is now I-5 (the stretch that runs through Sacramento) had been originally designated Interstate 5E. Los Angeles area. The Golden State Freeway was proposed by the California Highway Commission in 1953. Nice waves also make this crescent beach a hotspot for surfers and windsurfers. If you want to stay on the sand and play some volleyball, nets and balls are available at no charge from the main lifeguard tower. Drakes Beach. A bit north of Stinson Beach, Drakes Beach is one of the highlights of the Point Reyes National Seashore. See the best beaches near Sacramento. Here is a map and a list of our favorite beaches that are a day trip from the California Capitol. Capitola Beach is in a little bay surrounded by colorful houses. Travel time from Davis: 2hrs . directions. Santa Cruz. Its Beach in December (taken by aec) Main Beach- Abuts the beach boardwalk; this is where most tourists come. The beach is often crowded in summer and has poor water quality due the nearby river mouth. Its Beach is immediately north of Santa Cruz's Lighthouse - this small beach is less crowded than others in town, borders on Lighthouse Field State Park and is exceedingly dog friendly. Travel time from Davis: 2hrs . directions. Aptos Beaches on this map. 1  Muir Beach Muir Beach (the beach) is part of Golden Gate National Recreation Area and located in the small town of Muir Beach, California. 2  Stinson Beach Stinson Beach (the beach) is a large public beach within Golden Gate National Recreation Area located in the town of Stinson Beach, California. Query: how far is sacramento from the beach
Output: