A-Teens (stylized as A*Teens) were a Swedish pop music group from Stockholm, Sweden, formed by Niklas Berg in 1998 as an ABBA tribute band called ABBA Teens and later renamed A-Teens. The band members were Marie Serneholt, Amit Sebastian Paul, Dhani Lennevald and Sara Lumholdt. The band's debut album became a success around the world and in 2001 it was reported that the band had sold 6 million albums worldwide. After six years together, the band announced they would take a break in 2004 after the release of their Greatest Hits album.

The band's second album, entitled "Teen Spirit", featured a compilation of tracks that were not ABBA covers and when it was finally released on 26 February 2001, it debuted at number two in the Swedish Charts. This pop sensation hit reached the top ten in other countries and entered at number eighty-three on the World Charts, number thirteen on the European Albums Chart, number fourteen on CNN's WorldBeat Album Charts and peaked at number fifty in the United States selling over 60,000 copies in its first two weeks, ensuring Gold Status for sales exceeding the 500,000 copies in the United States alone. Prior to the release of the album, the A-Teens became one of the first bands to broadcast one of their shows on MSN's Websites.  The UK releases were delayed due to A-Teens' failure with their previous album in that country. When "Upside Down" was released there in May 2001, it became their biggest hit in the country. The single peaked at number ten in the United Kingdom becoming their only top ten hit in that country. The album was delayed and released after the second single, "Halfway Around The World" in late October 2001. The single barely made the top thirty and the album did not chart in the top 75.  Before they started their concert tour in the U.S. the band went to promote their album to Asia, with stops in Japan, Singapore, Malaysia where they did show for MTV Asia and Thailand, with great success, especially in the former where Coca-Cola signed the band to become the face of the brand there and promote, "We were the first international artists ever to appear on a soda can there. They printed 15 million of them; we went home with ten!" Remembers Sara, The cans were distributed around the country that year. Also in 2001, the A-Teens performed as top billing during the Radio Disney Live! 2001 World Tour in Chicago and Philadelphia markets.  The group promoted their album with a forty-three-date tour with Aaron Carter around the U.S. Back in Europe, the band toured with No Angels in Germany. By the end of 2001, Teen Spirit went on to sell over 1 million copies worldwide and were invited by Walt Disney/Buena Vista to record the European soundtrack for the movie "The Princess Diaries". As the movie had already been released in North and South America, the movie was set to be released in Europe in the winter 2001. "Heartbreak Lullaby" a song written by Cathy Dennis (famous for writing Kylie Minogue's number one hit, "Can't Get You Out of My Head") and Kasmanaut, the video was shot in Germany in late October, in the middle of their tour. The single was released in December 2001 and it became another top ten hit for the band in their home country spending four months inside the charts. Answer this question using a quote from the following article:

Was the album a hit?