Summarize the following:
Challenge yourself to talk to at least a couple new people every day. It can be tough to approach new people at school or work, especially if you’re naturally shy. Try to relax, remind yourself that everyone gets nervous, and take a step out of your comfort zone.  For example, instead of eating lunch alone, look for someone you’ve never met and say, “Hey there! Is this seat taken?” Later on, they’ll probably notice you when you pass them in the hallway and say hello. If you’re nervous, remember that everyone has insecurities and gets shy, even if they seem totally confident on the outside. When you meet someone or have a conversation, smile naturally and look them in the eye. Try not to fake a smile and, if you have to, think of something that cracks you up without fail. When making eye contact, don’t stare without blinking, but look at the person directly to show you’re paying attention to them. Whether you’re having lunch with someone new or at a work meeting, try to think of thoughtful questions that show you’re engaged in the moment. When the person responds, try to pay attention to them instead of just thinking of something interesting to say. For example, if you’re at a new school, ask the person sitting next to you, “What do you do for fun? Are you in any clubs or do you play a sport?” Instead of asking another unrelated question after they respond, say something like, “Oh cool! I’ve never played hockey, but it’s fun to watch. Do lots of people go to games and show school spirit?” Once they respond, try mentioning an activity that you are interested in to build the conversation. From your music taste to snowboarding, an interest or hobby can make you more noticeable. However, you don't want to just adopt the interests of your crush or a popular person to get them to notice you.  Figure out what you enjoy and do it. If you love a music genre, listen to as many tracks and artists as you can and learn about its evolution. Developing an interest or hobby can help you spark conversations and get noticed by like-minded people. If you already have an interesting hobby, you can use it to start conversations as well. Joining a club or sports team is another great way to meet new people and make deeper connections. Since everyone involved already has that activity in common, it can be a little easier to form relationships with your teammates.  Running for student government is another great way to get recognized by your peers.  If your workplace has a company team, join it or support it. For example, if there’s a company softball team but you’re not the best athlete, go to the game, cheer for your team, and bring a cooler with refreshments. Whether it’s a school dance or a company cocktail hour, do your best to attend social events. You have to put yourself out there if you want people to notice you. If you stay home, you could be passing up a good time or networking opportunity. If you’re an introvert, try to use it to your advantage at social events. Listen and observe while all the extroverts talk. Then, when the opportunity presents itself, you could say to someone, “I heard you mention Roald Dahl earlier. He’s my favorite author!” Whether the person is your crush or an executive at work, they’ll notice that you paid attention to them and sparked a meaningful conversation.