We like to support locally owned businesses, but some local establishments make it so difficult for us to do so.  My wife and I went for lunch and ordered a sandwich (Lucca: Herb roasted turkey) and a bruschetta plate (Burnt Mozzarella & Pesto: Wild Mushroom: & Caramelized Red Onion & Fig Tapenade). FYI, there is no table service so you have to order at the counter.    I will say that the staff was friendly, so that's the positive, though there should have been more staff working the counter because it got backed up.   The sandwich tasted OK, but the presentation was unimaginative, the bread not fresh (so dry it was falling apart) and the portions smaller than similarly priced fare fare from other establishments we frequent.  Frankly, the best thing on our sandwich plate was the potato chips!  The bruschetta was laughable! For 6.99 we received 3 SMALL slices of bread that were only partially covered with a visually unappetizing mix of toppings. The bread was not adequately toasted so each piece was somewhat soggy. In addition, none of the toppings were warm, even though the cheese on two pieces was melted and the third topped with what we would describe as a chunky mushroom paste (that was claimed as served hot)... which led us to believe these items are prepared in advance and not to order, hence the cool temp and soggy bread.  Seriously! $6.99 for 3 small slices? Haven't the owners ever been to Postino to see what presentation, flavor and value are all about.   Check the photo link in my profile and you'll find the one I posted of QCOM's sorry excuse for a bruschetta plate.   And to all of you who will argue "but the Postino Bruschetta is 13.50"! Yes, it's nearly double the price, but at Postino you receive: A) 4 LARGE pieces of bruschetta, cut into thirds for 12 slices total, each slice about the size of one QCOM bruschetta; B) Easily triple the amount of toppings on each piece: C) something flavorful that you'll actually enjoy eating; D) A beautiful presentation; E) Table service from friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Don't get me wrong. I think it's great that the Rea Family has brought a fine range of olive oils and related products to Arizona and we have used their oils in our home kitchen.  Unfortunately, the del Piero eatery is operated more like a tourist destination where they figure it's a "one shot" opportunity to get maximum return for minimum investment from customers who probably won't be returning.   Our suggestion, take the tour, buy some olive oil... then go somewhere else for lunch where they have taken the care to give you superior ingredients, prepared with skill, in sufficient quantity to justify the price and with friendly efficient service to boot.  Oh yeah... as for the Gelato. Don't bother. Go to Frost at San Tan if you want a real, authentic, phenomenal Gelato experience  This comment for the owners: While we were waiting for our lunch we went over to the wine tasting area. The young lady hosting the tasting was very pleasant and outgoing, but when we heard her say the Pinot Gris was made from white Pinot Noir grapes we, and the other couple tasting at the time, realized we wouldn't get an education with our tasting. To QCOM and all other establishments doing tastings... please, please, please don't have a wine novice doing the pouring.
What is the sentiment of this review?