Q:Information:  - Blackwater is a thriller novelette by Conn Iggulden . It was written as part of the Quick Reads initiative of the 2006 World Book Day . Blackwater is described as a dark , psychological thriller , signalling a change in genre from an author used to writing historical fiction . On the forum of his website , Conn described the idea behind the book : I was asked if I wanted to write a novelette of 15 - 20,000 words , adult themed . That sort of brief is the sort of thing I used to dream about , so I practically bit their hands off , of course . No writer turns down a brief like that , regardless of what else you have on . It 'll be £ 2.99 and I hope to see it stuffed dog - eared into a few back pockets . It is darker in tone and plot than anything else I 've done , but to explain how would be to explain all . It 's coming out next year - in March , I think . - Conn Iggulden , 26 July 2005 It was also translated into Welsh for the Quick Reads Initiative under the title Dr Dwfn .  - World Book Day or World Book and Copyright Day (also known as International Day of the Book or World Book Days) is a yearly event on April 23rd, organized by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), to promote reading, publishing and copyright. In the United Kingdom, the day is recognized on the first Thursday in March. World Book Day was celebrated for the first time on 23 April 1995.  - The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe. Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, it includes the island of Great Britain (the name of which is also loosely applied to the whole country), the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of , the UK is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe. It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants. Together, this makes it the fourth most densely populated country in the European Union.  - Conn Iggulden (born ) is a British author who mainly writes historical fiction. He also co-authored "The Dangerous Book for Boys".  - The Dangerous Book for Boys, by Conn and Hal Iggulden, is a guidebook published by HarperCollins, aimed at boys "from eight to eighty." It covers around eighty topics, including how to build a treehouse, grow a crystal, or tell direction with a watch. Also included are famous quotes, stories, battles, and phrases that "every boy should know." It was published in the UK on 5 June 2006, and reached number one in the UK non-fiction charts several times, selling over half a million copies.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'publisher' with the subject 'blackwater '.  Choices: - europe  - harpercollins  - united nations
A: