News article:

If you're of a mind that marriage is a transaction, then this proposal will warm your frost-bitten heart. Today, local deals site Groupon saw its first marriage proposal (or "Grouposal" as the company is calling it) and the bride-to-be, luckily, clicked "Buy." 
  
 The deal page — titled "A Surprise for a Dana from a Greg" — went live in the Cincinnati market today, according to Groupon. 
  
 "Greg contacted us because his girlfriend Dana is a huge Groupon fan," the company tells us. "We are also giving them a Groupon a month in 2011 to keep the magic alive, since we all know romance dies as soon as you say 'I will.'" 
  
 The page features a proposal, penned by Greg himself, and an editorial packed with facts about the couple: She's an NFL cheerleader, he's an engineer, he eats her unwanted pizza toppings — aww, young love. 
  
 Groupon also added in the below message (which we're assuming is a joke, unless the deals site is going all Sister Wives on us) for those who click "Buy." 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 We've seen wedding proposals on a bevy of different social media outlets — from Twitter to Foursquare to Google Street View. It was only a matter of time before the group-buying sphere saw its share of the romantic action. 
  
 Who says money can't buy love? 
  
 Image courtesy of iStockphoto, Aquilegia ||||| Surprises, like movies that star dogs, are always good and never bad. Dana B. can get the surprise of a lifetime with today’s Groupon. Take it away, Greg: 
  
 Greg H's Proposal 
  
 Dana, 
  
  
  
 I have told you many times that I was the luckiest man ever. Somehow fate brought us, a perfect match, together. Over the past four-and-a-half years, we have traveled around the world, watched more movies than we could possibly count, and spent as little time apart as humanly possible. Through good times and bad, distances between us, and the odds against us, we always made it because of each other. 
  
  
  
 I want the amazing times to continue by spending the rest of my life with you—the sweetest, most beautiful, and smartest woman in the entire world. 
  
  
  
 Will you marry me? 
  
  
  
 –Greg 
  
 The Deal 
  
 In May of 2006, Greg and Dana’s relationship began as casual movie nights transformed into record-setting make-out sessions. Greg and Dana, or Grana, have happily coexisted since that time. Soon, they will be cohabitating; they are closing on a house, despite having polar opposite careers. Dana is a theatrical artiste, earning a living as an NFL cheerleader for the Cincinnati Bengals, a fact that has forced Greg to endure brutal onslaughts of high-fives. Greg, a cold, logical engineer, plies his trade as a computer man—one of the 150 Americans allowed to use computers. 
  
 With a simple answer of "yes," Dana B. gets to spend the rest of her life with Groupon-approved Stand-up Guy Greg H., who vows to always eat the disgusting bacon from her plate while giving her his tender, delicious mushrooms. A lifetime with Greg H. also comes with such perks as an always-willing concert partner, at least a dozen movie nights over the course of the fiscal year, IT support, and a continued willingness to pretend to enjoy theater. 
  
 Reviews 
  
 Marriage gets polarized reviews from hundreds of web users. Here are some good ones: |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?