Article:

A 4-year-old boy was struck and killed by a passing van Saturday in Chester, hours after returning from his father's funeral. Neighbors identified the child as Carder Brown and said the boy's father had died last weekend in a shooting incident. Police had not confirmed the identity of the boy or his family as of Saturday evening but described the chaotic scene that erupted just before 5 p.m. According to investigators, the child had been watching a DVD in his family's gold Dodge Charger parked near the corner of East 11th and Upland Streets, on the city's east side. 
  
 He leaped from the backseat upon seeing his mother outside and was struck by a late-model Ford passenger van as members of his family looked on. 
  
 Emergency responders took the child to nearby Crozer-Chester Medical Center, where he died from his injuries. 
  
 The van's driver was taken into custody at the scene for questioning. Investigators said Saturday that the man was cooperating and that they were handling the case as an accident. 
  
 The boy's father, Derrick Brown, 38, died of gunshot wounds sustained during an incident April 5, less than four miles from the site of his son's death, police said. 
  
 As police continued to comb the accident scene Saturday evening, Chester Mayor John Linder arrived to express his condolences. 
  
 "No one wants to go through that and bury a son and then have to bury a grandson," he said. "You can't explain it." 
  
 jroebuck@phillynews.com 
  
 215-925-2649 
  
 @jeremyrroebuck ||||| Carder was killed hours after burying his father, Derrick Brown, who was killed one week before by gunfire. 
  
 A 4-year-old boy was struck and killed by a van at Upland Street and East 11th Street in Chester, Delaware County. It happened Saturday afternoon. 
  
 Police say 4-year-old Carder Brown jumped out of a parked gold Dodge Charger to run towards his mom just as a van was driving down the street. 
  
 The van hit the 4-year-old. The 42-year-old driver of the van did stop and remain at the scene until emergency personnel arrived. 
  
 Authorities say this appears to be a tragic accident, and they are not expecting any charges. 
  
 Brown was transported to Crozer Chester Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead on arrival. 
  
 Adding to the heartbreak, the boy and family just returned from the funeral of his father, Derrick Brown. Police say Brown was shot last week. The family says Derrick was an innocent bystander caught in an exchange of gunfire. They also lost yet another relative to gun violence six months ago. 
  
 The case remains under investigation by Chester city and county accident investigators and reconstruction teams. ||||| This fund is to contribute to the home-going services of Derrick Brown. Derrick senselessly lost his life april 6, 2014 when he was leaving work. Derrick was on his way home to his family when he got caught in the crossfire and was struck in the chest by a bullet. Derrick leaves to mourn for him both his mother and father, six children, several brothers and sister, nieces and nephews and more friends than anyone can keep count of... the world lost a great man who deserves a fitting home-going. So please support our cause and help us make our last memory of our loved one just as beautiful as the ones we had when he walked among us. |||||
What is a summary?