Write some highlights for the following article:

A race row has erupted in one of Britain's wealthiest villages after offensive graffiti was plastered on the site of a proposed Sikh school. If the Khalsa Secondary Academy is built it would see more than 1,000 people flock into Stoke Poges, Buckinghamshire, from as far afield as West London. Tension in the village has grown over the past fortnight with angry locals venting their anger online and at parish council meetings. Now one racist hooligan has daubed 'NO P*** SCHOOL' and 'DON'T SELL TO P*** SCHOOL' on a sign at the proposed site. Race row: Someone has daubed this sign on the site of a proposed school with racist language in a village that opposes it. Up for sale: Pioneer House (pictured) is the site in Stoke Poges where developers are hoping to build a 850 place Sikh faith school. Residents in Stoke Poges have condemned the thugs responsible for the graffiti, claiming their objections to the school have nothing to do with race. But they feel the Slough Sikh Education Trust (SSET), which is behind the proposed faith school, could be fuelling rumours it is a race issue by circulating images of the graffiti. Saera Carter, vice chairman of the Stoke Poges Parish Council, said: 'It was discovered at 8:30am in the morning and seven villagers scrubbed it off within the hour. 'As a village we were offended by it. We don't want to offend our Asian neighbours or the SSET as we are a peaceful village. 'Sikhism is a peaceful religion but this is immature and inflammatory behaviour and it wouldn't surprise me if the SSET is turning this into a race issue.' Upset: Campaigners Avtar Singh Brar and Saera Carter from Stoke Poges, who are fighting the plans. Stoke Poges is known for the exclusive Stoke Park estate which featured in the James Bond classic Goldfinger. Recent figures ranked Stoke Poges as having the eighth highest concentration of £1 million properties sold in Britain. It is understood Mr Kandola has also sent the image to Dominic Grieve, the Conservative MP who represents Stoke Poges as part of the Beaconsfield Ward. In touch: Local MP Dominic Grieve is said to have been sent the image of the graffiti. Locals have said their opposition to the school is based on the proposed site - the current UK headquarters for Pioneer - being on greenbelt land. They say Stoke Poges doesn't have the infrastructure to deal with 1,000 people entering the village each day and also fear children will lose their right to free bus travel if the multi-million pound taxpayer-funded school opens on the site. When 222 parents at the village's primary school were asked if they would send their child to the Khalsa Academy, 93.25 per cent said no. The chairman of the Slough Sikh Education Trust yesterday has described the racist graffiti as 'unfortunate'. Nick Kandola said: 'The incident of graffiti at the proposed school site is unfortunate. 'We would much rather things like this weren't happening and, as a Trust, we would prefer to focus on the more important questions of how we can best deliver a new school in this location and serving this community. 'We do not want to draw unnecessary attention to this incident. 'We want to address the more fundamental questions about improving local educational choice and bringing forward an excellent planning proposition.'

Highlights: