Please answer the following question: Information:  - In opera or commedia dell'arte, a prima donna (plural: "prime donne"; Italian for "first lady") is the leading female singer in the company, the person to whom the prime roles would be given. The prima donna was normally, but not necessarily, a soprano. The corresponding term for the male lead (almost always a tenor) is primo uomo.  - Elisabeth Olin née Lillström ( December 1740 -- 26 March 1828 ) , was a Swedish opera singer and a music composer . She performed the leading female role in the inauguration performance of the Royal Swedish Opera in 1773 , and is referred to as the first Swedish Opera prima donna . She was the first female to be made Hovsångare ( 1773 ) , and the first woman to become a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music ( 1782 ) .  - Opera (English plural: "operas"; Italian plural: "opere" ) is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text (libretto) and musical score, usually in a theatrical setting. In traditional opera, singers do two types of singing: recitative, a speech-inflected style and arias, a more melodic style. Opera incorporates many of the elements of spoken theatre, such as acting, scenery, and costumes and sometimes includes dance. The performance is typically given in an opera house, accompanied by an orchestra or smaller musical ensemble, which since the early 19th century has been led by a conductor.  - Tenor is a type of classical male singing voice whose vocal range is one of the highest of the male voice types. The tenor's vocal range (in choral music) lies between C, the C one octave below middle C, and A, the A above middle C. In solo work, this range extends up to C, or "tenor high C". The low extreme for tenors is roughly A (two As below middle C). At the highest extreme, some tenors can sing up to two Fs above middle C (F). The tenor voice type is generally divided into the "leggero" tenor, lyric tenor, spinto tenor, dramatic tenor, heldentenor, and tenor buffo or spieltenor.  - An orchestra is a large instrumental ensemble typical of classical music, which features string instruments such as violin, viola, cello and double bass, as well as brass, woodwinds, and percussion instruments, grouped in sections. Other instruments such as the piano and celesta may sometimes appear in a fifth keyboard section or may stand alone, as may the concert harp and, for performances of some modern compositions, electronic instruments.  - A soprano is a type of classical female singing voice and has the highest vocal range of all voice types. The soprano's vocal range (using scientific pitch notation) is from approximately middle C (C) = 261 Hz to "high A" (A) =880 Hz in choral music, or to "soprano C" (C, two octaves above middle C) =1046 Hz or higher in operatic music. In four-part chorale style harmony, the soprano takes the highest part, which usually encompasses the melody.  The soprano voice type is generally divided into the coloratura, soubrette, lyric, spinto, and dramatic soprano. The lyric soprano is the most common female singing voice.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'elisabeth olin' exhibits the relationship of 'voice type'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - bass  - soprano  - tenor
Answer: