What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
One of the first elements of the universe you should focus on is the scope of the universe, or how much physical space the universe takes up in a larger world. Consider how big you want your universe to be. It might help to think about what you want your fictional universe to hold and how large it is compared to other universes or worlds.  Maybe the universe is the larger world, as far as your characters know, and there are several planets or lands within the universe. Or maybe the universe is very small and consists of only one planet or one land, which is then populated with many different cities and towns. Thinking about the scope of the universe can help give you a sense of the big picture. You can then zoom in to the smaller details once you have the larger details set. You should also think about how the universe looks in terms of geography and landscape. Are there many different terrains within the universe, depending on where you are in the universe? Is there one dominate terrain, such as a universe made of ice or a universe made of jungles?  You should also consider how many different terrains or landscapes are going to be in the universe. You may separate these terrains by area, province, or even by different planets. You may also start to think about how the landscapes in the universe might affect other elements, such as the economic systems, the social structures, and the customs of the world. You may have certain beings who live in specific terrains or landscapes only, such as humans who live in cities and towns, and mutants who live in jungles. You should also consider how weather functions in the universe. Is there always rain and monsoons on certain planets in the universe or droughts and wildfires in certain areas on a planet or land within the universe? Try to be specific about how the weather functions in each area of the universe. Keep in mind you are building a fictional universe, so the laws of physics and nature may not function in the same ways they do on earth or in our world. You are not bound by the rules of our world and you can make your fictional universe as strange and upside down as you would like. This means you may have areas of landscape where it rains fire or where there are jungles next to ice caves and waterfalls in deserts. of the universe. To get a better sense of the physicality of the universe, you may sit down and draw a map of the universe. This could be a detailed sketch of the different lands and areas in the universe as well as the names of these areas. You can also use a computer program to draw the map. Using a computer program might allow you to get more detailed and draw elements of the universe in proportion to each other.  Try to be as detailed as you can when you draw the map, as you will be using the map as a reference point when you sit down to create stories in your fictional universe. Include names of cities, towns, areas, and lands, as well as basic information about the landscape, terrain, and climate of the area. You may also color the map so it is easy to reference when you create stories set in the universe. You can view several examples of drawn maps of fictional worlds and universes, including an interactive map of J.R.R. Tolkien’s Middle Earth from The Lord of the Rings.

Summary: