Andy the Sushi Guy.   Fast, entertaining, friendly and did I say fast?  No worries about standing in line and taking a few minutes of your busy day to watch Andy work his magic.  After all, it's not often one can find a fresh fish market with the freshest sushi ingredients. And you can bet Andy the Sushi Guy won't skimp on ingredients.   We stopped by on Saturday about lunchtime when Wholey's is packed with its Saturday shoppers, which is it's usual crowded busy-ness.  Andy's Special for the day:  Tuna & Kiwi  or  Salmon & Avocado FAT Rolls.  Yes, the special of the day is usually a FUTO maki extraordinaire.   We ordered the Tuna & Kiwi and Andy's Sushi Combo.   Tuna & Kiwi began with crispy dried nori (seaweed) topped with an ample amount of fluffy sushi rice.  Smeared on is Tobiko (flying fish eggs) with its bright orange color. Just as you're admiring his steadfastness, POP goes the rice ladened seaweed as  Andy flips the seaweed to create a reverse sushi roll.  Folks, I'd have to disagree with another Yelper when they say that nori goes on the outside. What's not to like about creativity? And personally, what's not to like about more ingredients that you can stick on the outside of a sushi roll?  Like Tobiko or sesame seeds? hhmm...????  Continuing with the innerds of the Tuna & Kiwi roll, more Tobiko, asparagus, seared tuna with a light breading, red leafed lettuce, fresh tuna and kiwi...a la Andy's Special of the day.  Roll up all of these and keeping it in tact so when the slicing begins, all of the innerds remain in tact. Whoosh!  Did you see how he picked up the whole futomaki (fat roll) and placed it in the clear togo container, fan it out, add an ample handful of shyoga (thinly sliced pickled ginger) and a hunk of wasabi (no explanation needed) with soy sauce in a mini condiment cup. Sushi a la Andy the Sushi Guy at Wholey's~~It's what's for dinner! If Andy didn't cut the roll, it would take two hands to pick it up and eat it like a ginormous fat burrito, kinda like you'd get in one of them hole in the wall Tex-Mex joints down close to the border (the US Border, that is).  But it is cut into yummy 8 slices and is done quickly without smushing down the circular form. Instead, admire the sliced sushi serving as you lay it flat and be amazed at the color and textures of the ingredients. Not only does it have fresh fish, but some veggies to add to your daily vitamin intake.   The only 'drawback' and I think that is what some of the sushi connoisseurs are quick to point out, is that the sushi rice is not seasoned.  Yes, folks, traditional sushi rice is seasoned with a slight glaze and a very subtle sweetness.  Now, if Andy seasoned the sushi rice as sushi rice should be seasoned, then I'd have to give the guy at least a 4.5 star rating (fresh ingredients, ample servings, creativity, appearance or presentation and seasoned sushi rice on top of all of that).  I think I'm going to have to defend Sushi a la Andy against the folks looking for 'traditional sushi' in a sit down sushi bar.  You ain't gonna find it here.  And if that's the limit on your sushi palate, then you're certainly coming to the wrong place!  For if you're looking for fast, fresh and ample, this is it.  The bonus:  Andy treats you with friendly hospitality and part of the Wholey's family.
Was this review given positively or negatively?