Write a summary based on this article:

Many nurses and dietitians have contacted us saying that they know Eggland’s Best eggs are healthier and can play a big part in a family’s healthy lifestyle. Eggland’s Best appreciates nurses and values the important role they play in family health. In light of the comments about the nursing profession recently made on daytime television we will no longer be advertising on the show in question. Eggland’s Best believes in providing consumers the freshest, best tasting and most nutritious egg possible and we thank the millions of nurses across the country who work to improve the lives of their patients and families. ||||| Story highlights "The View" co-hosts made comments about Miss Colorado, who is a nurse 
  
 Joy Behar questioned why she wore "a doctor's stethoscope" 
  
 (CNN) Nurses across social media are up in collective arms after comments made on "The View" about a Miss America contestant. 
  
 #NursesUnite became a trending topic following a discussion on the daytime talk show about Miss Colorado Kelley Johnson. Johnson, who is a nurse, performed a monologue about her job while dressed in scrubs and wearing a stethoscope around her neck. 
  
 The hosts later said their comments were taken out of context. 
  
 "The View" co-host Michelle Collins discussed the performance on the show, saying that "there was a girl who wrote her own monologue and I was like 'Turn the volume up, this is going be amazing, let's listen.' She came out in a nurse's uniform and basically read her emails out loud and, shockingly, did not win." 
  
 "I swear to God it was hilarious," Collins said. ||||| Nurses and the people that love them have taken to Twitter and other social platforms this week to show support for their profession with the tag #NursesUnite because of critical comments made by a TV host. 
  
 During the Miss America pageant this past weekend, Miss Colorado contestant and nurse Kelley Johnson delivered a monologue in her scrubs for the talent portion of the competition. 
  
 The silver accessory around her neck glinted in the stage lights, but in a different way from the bling worn by many of the other contestants. In a sight that to many was pretty refreshing amidst a sea of sequins, stilettos and jewels, Johnson emerged onto the stage in blue scrubs and sneakers. She complimented her outfit with the only necklace that goes best with scrubs -- a stethoscope. 
  
 Her attire simply reflected what all nurses are required to wear. But apparently, Joy Behar, one of the hosts of "The View," was completely unaware of this fact. 
  
 During her monologue, Johnson recited the story of "Joe," an Alzheimer's patient whom Johnson credits with making her realize her impact as his nurse. She describes how she originally felt as if she were "just a nurse," but Joe made her realize that she is so much more than that. 
  
 "Why is she wearing a doctor's stethoscope?" Behar asked when Johnson's photo came on the screen behind the hosts, ironically mirroring the very sentiment that Johnson was speaking out against. 
  
 "The View" has removed the clip of Behar's comments and the table discussion of Johnson's monologue, but has yet to issue any sort of apology to the nursing profession. 
  
 It didn't take long for nurses and the people that love them to take to Twitter. |||||

Summary: