Given the question: Information:  - El Retorno del Hombre Lobo ( Return of the Wolfman ) is a 1981 Spanish horror film that is the ninth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky , played by Paul Naschy . In the United States , the film was released theatrically and on VHS as The Craving in 1985 , and recently on DVD and Blu - ray as Night of the Werewolf .  - Horror film is a film genre that seeks to elicit a negative emotional reaction from viewers by playing on their fears. Inspired by literature from authors like Edgar Allan Poe, Bram Stoker, and Mary Shelley, horror films have existed for more than a century. The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes. Horror may also overlap with the fantasy, supernatural fiction and thriller genres.  - A werewolf (from , "man"), man-wolf, or lycanthrope ("lykánthropos": , "lykos", "wolf", and , "anthrpos", "human") is a mythological or folkloric human with the ability to shapeshift into a wolf or a therianthropic hybrid wolf-like creature, either purposely or after being placed under a curse or affliction (e.g. via a bite or scratch from another werewolf). Early sources for belief in lycanthropy are Petronius (2766) and Gervase of Tilbury (11501228).  - WERE (1490 AM)  branded NewsTalk 1490  is a commercial news/talk radio station licensed to Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Owned by Radio One, the station serves Greater Cleveland. In the Cleveland radio market, WERE is the AM affiliate for "The Tom Joyner Morning Show", and the sole affiliate for "Redding News Review" and "Red Eye Radio", while sharing "Keepin' it Real with Rev. Al Sharpton" with sister station WJMO.   - Paul Naschy (born Jacinto Molina Álvarez, September 6, 1934  November 30, 2009) was a Spanish movie actor, screenwriter, and director working primarily in horror films. His portrayals of numerous classic horror figuresthe Wolfman, Frankenstein's Monster, Count Dracula, the Hunchback of Notre Dame, Fu Manchu and a Mummyhave earned him recognition as the Spanish Lon Chaney. He had one of the most recognizable faces in Spanish horror film. But Naschy also starred in dozens of action films, historical dramas, crime movies, TV shows and documentaries as well. In addition to acting, Naschy also wrote the screenplays for most of his films and directed a number of them as well. King Juan Carlos I presented Naschy with Spain's Gold Medal Award for Fine Arts in 2001 in honor of his work, the Spanish equivalent of being knighted.  - Abraham "Bram" Stoker (8 November 1847  20 April 1912) was an Irish author, best known today for his 1897 Gothic novel "Dracula". During his lifetime, he was better known as the personal assistant of actor Henry Irving and business manager of the Lyceum Theatre in London, which Irving owned.  - Gervase of Tilbury (11501228) was an English canon lawyer, statesman and writer, born in West Tilbury, in Essex, England. His best known work is the "Otia Imperialia", intended for the prince Henry, son of Henry II in whose circle Gervase, a learned scholar and cleric, was retained until the young mans death in his late twenties, in June 1183.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'country of origin' with the subject 'el retorno del hombre lobo'.  Choices: - england  - london  - ohio  - spain
The answer is: