From an officer 'endowed with a certain lethal gentleness' to another who 'supervises a part-time wife', these hilarious remarks prove that even intelligence bosses are simply human. The comments, featuring misused vocabulary, strange phrases and inadvertent connotations, were made by CIA supervisors during performance reviews in the 1980s. They were among hundreds of documents declassified by the agency  from its in-house journal, Studies in Intelligence, yesterday. Intelligence agency: A series of hilarious comments,  made by CIA supervisors during performance reviews in the 1980s, were among hundreds of documents declassified by the agency from its in-house journal yesterday. Hilarious: The remarks, featuring misused vocabulary, strange phrases and inadvertent connotations, include: 'He is endowed with a certain lethal gentleness' and 'He commits everything to paper voluminously but poorly' The quotes, published in a compilation alongside witty commentary by an unnamed CIA employee, include: 'This employee is not located under me physically; However, I concur.' They also feature: 'I both like and dislike this officer', 'He commits everything to paper voluminously but poorly' and 'He has the capacity to do an intelligence analyst.' Above one phrase - 'Her deficiencies are directly related to her effort to do a better job' - the employee has written: 'The 17-word-a-minute typist – but she hits each key as hard as she can.' Meanwhile, ahead of 'To a large degree his future is behind him', he has remarked: 'When one is walking backward through life.' Mishaps: The quotes, published alongside witty commentary by an unnamed CIA employee, also include: 'Although unmarried she has growth potential' and 'Subject skillfully balances this Potemkim village' Simply human: The comments, such as the ones above, prove that even intelligence bosses are simply human. And in relation to the quote 'It is a pleasure to have her on my desk,' he has said: 'The office was sparsely furnished'. The document, titled 'Par-Faits (And Other Faits), states that the quotes are 'rendered faithfully, with misspellings and other errors intact'. But fortunately for the supervisors, all of the amusing comments have remained anonymous. The officer who kills with kindness. 'He is endowed with a certain lethal gentleness' Observed while moonlighting. 'He supervises one part-time wife' In addition to not being a grandfather... (First par of a 22-year-old case officer) 'This officer lacks field experience' The open-minded supervisor. 'I both like and dislike this officer' Effect? 'Although unmarried, she has growth potential' But absence makes the heart ponder. 'This employee is not located under me physically; However, I concur' The 17-word-a-minute typist – but she hits each key as hard as she can. 'Her deficiencies are directly related to her effort to do a better job' The none-of-your-business aside. 'He has the capacity to do an intelligence analyst' Setting high goals. 'He must try to not make mistakes that are unavoidable' The timely grunter. 'Subject's handling of the English language is inferior but he makes up for it with promptness' When one is walking backward through life. 'To a large degree his future is behind him' The office was sparsely furnished. 'It is a pleasure to have her on my desk'
Summarize the highlights of this article.