Question: Recently there has been discussion of a male version of this trope, the Manic Pixie Dream Boy or Manic Pixie Dream Guy. Augustus Waters from the film version of The Fault in Our Stars (2014) was given this title in a 2014 Vulture article, in which Matt Patches stated, "he's a bad boy, he's a sweetheart, he's a dumb jock, he's a nerd, he's a philosopher, he's a poet, he's a victim, he's a survivor, he's everything everyone wants in their lives, and he's a fallacious notion of what we can actually have in our lives."

Answer this question: what is the male version of a manic pixie dream girl?
Answer: The relevant information is: Recently there has been discussion of a male version of this trope, the Manic Pixie Dream Boy or Manic Pixie Dream Guy. The answer is the Manic Pixie Dream Boy or Manic Pixie Dream Guy.

Question: Passage: "(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay" is a song co-written by soul singer Otis Redding and guitarist Steve Cropper. It was recorded by Redding twice in 1967, including once just days before his death in a plane crash. The song was released on Stax Records' Volt label in 1968, becoming the first posthumous single to top the charts in the US. It reached number 3 on the UK Singles Chart.

Question: Based on this passage, who wrote sitting by the dock of the bay?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: "(Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay" is a song co-written by soul singer Otis Redding and guitarist Steve Cropper. The answer is soul singer Otis Redding and guitarist Steve Cropper.

Question: Context: The Core is a 2003 American science fiction disaster film. The film focuses on a team whose mission is to drill to the center of the Earth and set off a series of nuclear explosions in order to restart the rotation of the Earth's core. The film was directed by Jon Amiel, and stars Aaron Eckhart, Hilary Swank, Delroy Lindo, Stanley Tucci, Tchéky Karyo, DJ Qualls, Bruce Greenwood and Alfre Woodard.

Question: movie going to the center of the earth?
Answer: To answer this question, we should know that: The film focuses on a team whose mission is to drill to the center of the Earth and set off a series of nuclear explosions in order to restart the rotation of the Earth's core. The answer is The film.

Question: Twenty new contestants arrive at the mansion and discover that there were only fourteen beds. When H-Town and Saaphyri fight over a bed, Flav asked them what happened. After finding out who started the fight, Saaphyri is disqualified for physically assaulting H-Town. Flav revealed that he had a spy in his house; this turned out to be Eye'z. She told Flav that Bamma is too quiet, Somethin is crazy, Hood was sent to the show by her agent, Wire was on The Fifth Wheel, Tiger was n't into Flav, Choclate did n't say much, and Toasteee drinks too much. Later, Somethin shared an intimate moment with Flav, and Spunkeey called her out on lesbian statements she made before. Somethin erupted and begins to scream; the producers added a demonic voice for humorous effect. After the five girls Hood, Bamma, H-Town, Choclate and Saaphyri were eliminated, the contestants discovered that Somethin had defecated on the floor during the elimination ceremony because she could n't hold it in or go to the bathroom.

Based on this passage, who pooped on the floor on flavor of love?
Answer: