Eliana Lopez back in SF for Ethics Commission showdown

The next round of the official misconduct case against suspended San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi begins at 9 a.m. Thursday in a City Hall hearing room when the Ethics Commission reconvenes to decide whether to uphold the charges brought by Mayor Ed Lee.

Ross Mirkarimi testifies before Ethics Commission in June.

There, members of the public will be admonished at the onset by commissioners and City Hall security to keep quiet and refrain from outbursts or face expulsion from the premises.

But don’t expect such restraint outside the building, where both sides have announced noontime events on the City Hall steps facing Civic Center Plaza on Thursday.

“Please join us to show your support for Ross Mirkarimi at the hearing and then for a noon rally to Stand With Ross on the Polk Street side of City Hall,” the embattled sheriff’s supporters announced in a recent e-mail blast to backers.

UPDATE: Organizers of the “I Stand with Ross” campaign announced via e-mail Wednesday night that Mirkarimi’s wife, Eliana Lopez, will attend the rally. Lopez has been living in her native Venezuela with the couple’s 3-year-old son, Theo, since March.

Lopez, an actress, made a short trip back to San Francisco last month to testify before the Ethics Commission on her husband’s behalf. During the same trip, a judge lifted the restraining order that had barred Mirkarimi from seeing his wife after he was arrested for misdemeanor domestic violence battery in January. Wednesday night’s e-mail stated that both Lopez and the child are now in the city. END OF UPDATE

In the initial e-mail, the group told supporters that following the rally “you will have a chance to let the Ethics Commission know exactly how you feel about the mayor’s unprecedented attempt to usurp the will of the people in order to consolidate his power. Let them know that there is only one issue and that issue is not should Ross continue to be Sheriff, it is not did he bruise his wife’s arm, it is not can he effectively serve as Sheriff — it is only did he commit official misconduct by grabbing his wife’s arm — and the answer to that question is a resounding no!!!”

Not so fast, countered leading advocates for victims of domestic violence, who scheduled a press conference at the same time and place.

“On the same day that the Ethics Commission is slated to hold its last hearing on the question of whether Ross Mirkarimi should be removed from his post as Sheriff for abusing his wife, the city’s domestic violence community is coming together to urge commissioners to stay focused on the fact that Mirkarimi pled guilty to abusing his wife and as a result is not fit to serve as Sheriff,” stated a press release put out by the leaders of three organizations, La Casa de las Madres, Domestic Violence Consortium and Futures Without Violence.

“The Ethics Commission is being reminded by the DV community to only consider the facts when making their recommendation of whether Mirkarimi be removed from office by the Board of Supervisors. In March, Mirkarimi pled guilty to a misdemeanor charge of false imprisonment related to harming his wife, Eliana Lopez.”

Civics teachers may want to bring their students to City Hall Thursday for a first-hand glimpse at democracy in action.
What are the most important parts of this text?