Newsom Bids for Lt. Gov. Post in California
SAN FRANCISCO — Declaring his candidacy for a job whose very power he questioned, Mayor Gavin Newsom of San Francisco said that he was running for lieutenant governor of California on Friday.

The announcement, which had been rumored for weeks, came a little more than four months after Mr. Newsom, a Democrat, dropped out of the race for governor in the face of sagging fund-raising and the expected candidacy of Jerry Brown, the state’s attorney general. Mr. Brown formally announced his candidacy last week in what is expected to a bruising and expensive battle for the state’s top job.

For the less glamorous No. 2 position, Mr. Newsom said in a statement that he’d initially been unsure as to whether the lieutenant governor’s office was “the right place to lead a reform movement that has the power to shake up Sacramento.” But, he said, he’d been increasingly intrigued by “the broad, informal portfolio” of the position.

“Big, bold ideas are the currency of this job and I plan on bringing many to the table,” he said.

He’d also likely noticed recent political polls that show him leading the race. Mr. Newsom’s chief opponent in the primary in June will be Janice Hahn, the Los Angeles City councilwoman, who issued a short statement on Friday, citing a column in The San Francisco Chronicle suggesting that Mr. Newsom was becoming a career politician in the mold of former Gov. Gray Davis, who was recalled in 2003.

There were signs that Mr. Newsom would be a formidable candidate. He has the backing of several major California politicians, including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. Another declared Democratic candidate for lieutenant governor – Dean Florez, the State Senate majority leader – dropped out of the race on Friday and threw his support behind Mr. Newsom.

“As the African proverb says,” Mr. Florez wrote in a letter to supporters, “when the music changes, so must the dance.”

Mr. Newsom, 42, has been a focus of national attention since 2004, when he ordered the city clerk in San Francisco to begin performing same-sex marriages at City Hall. That order, which was later stopped by judicial order, has led to protracted legal battles in the state over gay marriage, including a federal court challenge to Proposition 8, which bans such unions and was passed by California voters in 2008.

Still popular in San Francisco — he was easily re-elected in 2007 — Mr. Newsom has been coy about his intentions after abandoning his bid for governor, telling Maureen Dowd, a columnist for The New York Times, in January that he would likely be working as “the clerk of a wine store” soon. Mr. Newsom, who made a tidy fortune in the wine business before entering politics, later said he was joking.

Considered a graceful and charismatic speaker, Mr. Newsom has struggled with personal demons, including his admission in 2007 of a drinking problem after revelations of an affair with his campaign manager’s wife. He sought treatment. In 2008, he married Jennifer Siebel, an actress, who gave birth to the couple’s first child — a daughter, Montana — last fall.

And while his earlier attempt to win statewide office landed with a thud, Mr. Newsom sounded confident of his chances on Friday.

“I’ve learned a lot,” he said, “since my short campaign for governor.”
What is a short summary of the above article?