Here is a news article: The wife of former Dallas Cowboys tight end Jay Novacek died Monday at her mother's home from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, Burleson police Commander Doug Sandifer said. 
  
 LeAnne Novacek, 45, was found dead at 9:05 a.m., according to Linda Anderson, spokesperson for the Tarrant County coroner's office. 
  
 At 8:37 a.m., Burleson police and fire departments responded to "a report of a medical emergency, possible suicide" at a residence in Burleson, according to police department spokesperson Sally Ellertson. The body was found in the bedroom of the residence, according to the police report. 
  
 The Tarrant County coroner's office said Tuesday that the cause of death was a gunshot wound to the head, but the police investigation is still pending. 
  
 The Novaceks, who have a daughter, live in Joshua. 
  
 Jay Novacek, 47, played six seasons for the Cowboys from 1990 to 1996. The five-time Pro Bowler, who ranks ninth in team history with 3,576 career receiving yards on 339 receptions, was a member of teams that won three Super Bowls in four seasons. He was a sixth-round draft choice out of Wyoming in 1985 by the St. Louis Cardinals. 
  
 After a back injury forced him to miss the 1996 season, Novacek retired in 1997. He and LeAnne continued to live in the area after his retirement, and Novacek remained involved with team. He signed autographs at Cowboys Stadium earlier this season. 
  
 Novacek was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2008. ||||| Editor's note: Reader comments have been disabled because of numerous violations of the dallasnews.com Terms of Service. 
  
 LeAnne Novacek, the wife of former Dallas Cowboys tight end Jay Novacek, was found dead at her mother's home in Burleson on Monday in an apparent suicide, authorities said. 
  
 The cause of death appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound, Burleson police Commander Doug Sandifer said. 
  
 Novacek's mother called police to her home in the 7700 block of FM1902 just after 8:35 a.m., Sandifer said. 
  
 Novacek, 45, lived in nearby Joshua. 
  
 The Tarrant County medical examiner's office said Novacek's body was found in a bedroom at the home. She was pronounced dead just after 9 a.m. 
  
 Police are awaiting an autopsy to determine an official cause and manner of death. 
  
 "It appeared no foul play, so we're waiting for the medical examiner's findings," Sandifer said. 
  
 The Novaceks, who have a daughter, have been active in several charitable activities in the community, including fundraising for the Children's Advocacy Center of Johnson County. 
  
 "LeAnne and Jay are a very well thought of family here in our county," Johnson County Sheriff Bob Alford said. "It's not uncommon to go to any kind of charity event and see LeAnne and Jay there." 
  
 Alford described LeAnne as outgoing and personable. 
  
 "I don't know of anyone that didn't feel at ease around her," he said. "She just went out of her way to make you feel welcome." 
  
 Jay Novacek, a five-time Pro Bowler, played for the Cowboys from 1990 to 1995. From 1985 to 1989, he played for the Cardinals, which moved from St. Louis to Arizona in 1988. 
  
 In 2008, Novacek was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. 
  
 Rebecca Lopez of WFAA-TV (Channel 8) contributed to this report. |||||
A summary of this is?