In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Before you endorse the check, make sure it's one that your bank will accept, and that all the information on the front is correct. If the person who gave you the check spelled your name wrong or made a mistake, you may want to give it back to them and have them write you another check.  While some banks will accept a check that has been changed as long as the person who wrote the check initials the change, many banks are suspicious of this. It's better to have the person write you another check. A valid check has a line at the bottom with the routing number and account number. If that line isn't present, the bank will not be able to process the check. If only your name is listed on the payee line of the check, your signature is all that is needed to cash or deposit the check. If someone's else name is also listed, they only have to sign the check if the word "and" or the symbol "&" appears between the 2 names.  The default rule is that a check with 2 or more names can be cashed or deposited individually by any of the people listed on the check. If the check says "or," or includes ambiguous language or symbols (such as a dash or a slash), either of the people named can cash or deposit the check. If the check is written to you "℅" (meaning "care of") someone else, only your signature is needed. They generally cannot cash or deposit the check without your signature. However, if you have a joint bank account, they may be able to deposit the check in that account on your behalf without your signature. If you flip over the check, you'll see 3 to 5 gray lines. These typically appear on the upper short side of the check. You'll also see a solid line with instructions not to write below the line. The bank needs the remaining blank space under the endorsement area to document the processing of the check. Make sure your signature doesn't extend into that space, or the bank may refuse the check. To endorse a check, you typically only have to sign your name in pen using blue or black ink. If your name on the check differs from your name on your government-issued photo ID, or on your bank account, you may want to print the correct spelling of your name under your signature. If you're signing a business check, include the business's name on the line above your name. You may also want to add your job title to show you are authorized to cash or deposit the check in the name of the company. Once you've signed the check, it becomes a "bearer instrument," meaning anyone who finds it can cash it. If you're traveling to the bank, don't sign your check until you get there.  If you go to a bank to cash the check and you don't have an account with that bank, you typically must show a government-issued photo ID. You may also have to provide a thumbprint for identification services. Check cashing services will charge you a fee to cash the check. Banks typically charge a fee as well, unless you have an account with that bank. If you don't have a bank account, you may want to take this opportunity to open one, using the check is your initial balance. Otherwise, you can get the check cashed at a check-cashing service available at discount or grocery stores. You can also go to the bank that issued the check. That bank will have its name and logo printed on the front of the check.