Q:Information:  - Theoretical computer science, or TCS, is a division or subset of general computer science and mathematics that focuses on more abstract or mathematical aspects of computing and includes the theory of computation.  - In theoretical computer science, a computational problem is a mathematical object representing a collection of questions that computers might be able to solve. For example, the problem of factoring  - NP - hardness ( non-deterministic polynomial - time hard ) , in computational complexity theory , is a class of problems that are , informally , `` at least as hard as the hardest problems in NP '' . More precisely , a problem H is NP - hard when every problem L in NP can be reduced in polynomial time to H. As a consequence , finding a polynomial algorithm to solve any NP - hard problem would give polynomial algorithms for all the problems in NP , which is unlikely as many of them are considered hard . A common mistake is thinking that the NP in `` NP - hard '' stands for `` non-polynomial '' . Although it is widely suspected that there are no polynomial - time algorithms for NP - hard problems , this has never been proven . Moreover , the class NP also contains all problems which can be solved in polynomial time .  - In theoretical computer science and mathematics, the theory of computation is the branch that deals with how efficiently problems can be solved on a model of computation, using an algorithm. The field is divided into three major branches: automata theory and language, computability theory, and computational complexity theory, which are linked by the question: ""What are the fundamental capabilities and limitations of computers?"."  - Complexity describes the behaviour of a system or model whose components interact in multiple ways and follow local rules, meaning there is no reasonable higher instruction to define the various possible interactions.  - In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm is a self-contained sequence of actions to be performed. Algorithms perform calculation, data processing, and/or automated reasoning tasks.  - A computer is a device that can be instructed to carry out an arbitrary set of arithmetic or logical operations automatically. The ability of computers to follow a sequence of operations, called a "program", make computers very flexible and useful. Such computers are used as control systems for a very wide variety of industrial and consumer devices. This includes simple special purpose devices like microwave ovens and remote controls, factory devices such as industrial robots and computer assisted design, but also in general purpose devices like personal computers and mobile devices such as smartphones. The Internet is run on computers and it connects millions of other computers.  - Computational complexity theory is a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent difficulty, and relating those classes to each other. A computational problem is understood to be a task that is in principle amenable to being solved by a computer, which is equivalent to stating that the problem may be solved by mechanical application of mathematical steps, such as an algorithm.    What is the relationship between 'np-hardness' and 'computational problem'?
A: