News article:

At CNN's Democratic debate on Sunday, moderator Don Lemon asked Bernie Sanders what his racial blind spots are. But Sanders's response was perhaps a bit more revealing than he intended. 
  
 In his response, Sanders suggested that white people "don't know what it's like to be living in a ghetto and to be poor" — a response that also seemed to characterize all minority Americans as impoverished. 
  
 Journalist Joy Reid quickly criticized the line on Twitter: 
  
 Not sure how the Sanders line that white people in America "don't know what it's like to live in the ghetto" will land. #DemDebate — Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) March 7, 2016 
  
 Of course, many white Americans know exactly what it's like to "live in the ghetto." Many, including immigrants have, do and did. — Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) March 7, 2016 
  
 And most African-Americans are not poor. The AA poverty rate is too high, of course, at about 28%, but that's not most or all. — Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) March 7, 2016 
  
 As Reid suggested, it's true that black Americans disproportionately suffer from poverty. But it's just not true that all minorities' experience is defined by poverty. ||||| Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersSchumer: Franken should resign Franken resignation could upend Minnesota races Avalanche of Democratic senators say Franken should resign MORE stumbled on a question at Sunday's debate over whether white Americans can empathize with blacks, stating that white people don't know what it's like to be poor. 
  
 "When you are white, you don’t know what it’s like to be living in a ghetto, you don’t know what it’s like to be poor, you don’t know what it’s like to be hassled when you are walking down a street or dragged out of a car," Sanders said when asked about his personal racial blind spots. "We must be firm in making it clear that we will end institutional racism and reform a broken criminal justice system." 
  
 The comments immediately caused a stir on Twitter. 
  
 DeRay McKesson, a prominent figure in the Black Lives Matter movement, pointed out the awkward phrasing on Twitter but defended the substance of Sanders's answer. 
  
 Besides Bernie's comment about "living in the ghetto," I thought his answer re: white privilege was solid. #DemDebate — deray mckesson (@deray) March 7, 2016 
  
 But others on social media did not defend the awkward wording. 
  
 He knows that all Black people don't live in ghettos, right? — Jonathan Capehart (@CapehartJ) March 7, 2016 ||||| Add a location to your Tweets 
  
 When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?