Ans: Nancy Kilgas
Ques: Howard Keel as Adam and Jane Powell as Milly Jeff Richards as Benjamin and Julie Newmar (Newmeyer) as Dorcas Matt Mattox as Caleb and Ruta Lee (Kilmonis) as Ruth Marc Platt as Daniel and Norma Doggett as Martha Jacques d'Amboise as Ephraim and Virginia Gibson as Liza Tommy Rall as Frank and Betty Carr as Sarah Russ Tamblyn as Gideon and Nancy Kilgas as Alice

Who played alice in seven brides for seven brothers?
CoT: To answer this question, we should know that: Russ Tamblyn as Gideon and Nancy Kilgas as Alice


Ans: 1967
Ques: Passage: In the Heat of the Night is a 1967 American mystery drama film directed by Norman Jewison. It is based on John Ball's 1965 novel of the same name and tells the story of Virgil Tibbs, a black police detective from Philadelphia, who becomes involved in a murder investigation in a small town in Mississippi. It stars Sidney Poitier and Rod Steiger, and was produced by Walter Mirisch. The screenplay was by Stirling Silliphant.

Question: Based on this passage, when was in the heat of the night made?
CoT: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: In the Heat of the Night is a 1967 American mystery drama film directed by Norman Jewison.


Answer: Katherina. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: The main plot depicts the courtship of Petruchio and Katherina, the headstrong, obdurate shrew. Initially, Katherina is an unwilling participant in the relationship; however, Petruchio "tames" her with various psychological torments, such as keeping her from eating and drinking, until she becomes a desirable, compliant, and obedient bride. The subplot features a competition between the suitors of Katherina's younger sister, Bianca, who is seen as the "ideal" woman. The question of whether the play is misogynistic or not has become the subject of considerable controversy, particularly among modern scholars, audiences, and readers.

Answer this question: who was the shrew in taming ofthe shrew?
CoT: The relevant information is: The main plot depicts the courtship of Petruchio and Katherina, the headstrong, obdurate shrew.


Ans: Connor Trinneer
Ques: Connor Trinneer (born March 19, 1969) is an American film, stage, and television actor. He is best known for his role as Charles "Trip" Tucker III on Star Trek: Enterprise and as Michael on the series Stargate Atlantis.

Who played michael the wraith on stargate atlantis?
CoT: To answer this question, we should know that: He is best known for his role as Charles "Trip" Tucker III on Star Trek: Enterprise and as Michael on the series Stargate Atlantis.


Ans: The Cherry Bombs
Ques: Although they served as Crowell's backing band for several years, The Cherry Bombs did not record an album of their own until a 2004 reunion (at which point "Notorious" had been added to the band's name). The album, also titled The Notorious Cherry Bombs, produced a hit on the country music charts in "It's Hard to Kiss the Lips at Night That Chew Your Ass Out All Day Long".

Who sang it's hard to kiss the lips?
CoT: To answer this question, we should know that: The album, also titled The Notorious Cherry Bombs, produced a hit on the country music charts in "It's Hard to Kiss the Lips at Night That Chew Your Ass Out All Day Long".


Answer: during the first half of 2019. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
