By. Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 13:12 EST, 28 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 13:20 EST, 28 November 2013. A restaurant has kicked out a customer who refused to take off his Google Glass. Nick Starr was at the Lost Lake Cafe in Seattle on November 21 and wearing the glasses, which allow users to take pictures and record audio or video, when he was asked to remove them. But he refused to take them off and was eventually asked to leave - sparking an online spat between Starr and the restaurant, and raising the debate about how invasive the gadget is. Complaining about the incident on his Facebook page, Starr explained that he and his boyfriend were at the cafe and looking at the menus when a manager approached them, KIRO reported. Scroll down for video. Dispute: Nick Starr left a Seattle restaurant after he was ordered to remove his Google Glass, pictured. 'She tells me that. the owner's other restaurant doesn't allow Google Glass and that I would. have to either put it away or leave,' he wrote. 'I... asked to see where it was policy for Glass to be disallowed at Lost. Lake. She said she couldn't provide any and when asked to speak with. management she stated she was the night manager.' Refusing to remove the glasses, Starr and his boyfriend left. He vented on his Facebook post, demanding an apology from the restaurant and calling for the woman's termination. He added that he thought it was bizarre that the restaurant asked customers to shares images on social networking sites of their experiences there, but banned the Glass. Scene: The manager at the Lost Lake Cafe asked him to remove the glasses in accordance with their policy. Anger: Restaurant owner David Meinert, pictured, said he thought the glasses were invasive. But the Lost Lake Cafe has refused to apologize, saying that they have other customers' interests in mind. They shot back at Starr with their own Facebook post, outlining its policy. 'We recently had to ask a rude. customer to leave because of their insistence on wearing and operating. Google Glasses inside the restaurant,' the statement said. 'We. kindly ask our customers to refrain from wearing and operating Google. Glasses inside Lost Lake. We also ask that you not videotape anyone. using any other sort of technology. 'If you do wear your Google Glasses. inside, or film or photograph people without their permission, you will. be asked to stop, or leave. And if we ask you to leave, for God's sake,. don't start yelling about your "rights". Just shut up and get out before. you make things worse.' Night out: Starr was out with his boyfriend, Brian (left), when they were approached by the manager. Fan: Starr said he wears the glasses everywhere and argued you can also take pictures with cell phones. Owner David Meinert, who banned Google Glass at another one of his restaurants earlier this year, said he felt uneasy about the device. 'I think they're invasive and they make people uncomfortable,' he told KOMO News. 'More than that they make me uncomfortable, and it's my place.' But Starr countered that he believes Google Glass is no more intrusive than cell phones with cameras that are also capable of taking images. 'I think privacy is vapor now,' Starr said. 'There are cameras everywhere. There are recording devices everywhere.' See below for video.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: