By. Jenny Awford For Mailonline. Students will be heading back to class next week for the first time since their Oklahoma elementary school was destroyed by an EF5 tornado – killing seven pupils. Plaza Towers has now been rebuilt following the tornado that flattened Moore on 20 May 2013, causing an estimated $2billion in property damage. The elementary school, which cost $12million to refurbish, has installed seven benches  to represent the children who lost their lives. Scroll down for video. Construction continues on the exterior of the new Plaza Towers elementary school in Moore, Oklahoma. The school was destroyed by an EF5 tornado on 20 May 2013, killing seven students. A tree which was ravaged by the tornado, and at one time showed signs of revival, was named the 'Hope Tree' by fourth grade teacher Kimberly Martinez. Officials from the elementary school and Moore Public Schools led a media tour of the new building on Tuesday. Michelle McNear, assistant superintendent for elementary education and instruction for Moore Public Schools said: ‘I don't want to be ... a district that is remembered by May 20. ‘We want to be remembered as a district and a community as how we worked through it and the way we handled things.’ A memorial dedicated to the pupils who were killed is expected to be completed later this year. Pre-K teacher Erika Rowell points out the steel-beam reinforced wall in her classroom at the new Plaza Towers. The four rooms in this quad and the hallway are a FEMA-approved safe area. A container full of helmets to protect the pupils are shown during the tour of the new school on Tuesday. A brick wall with a panther painted on it, salvaged from the old Plaza Towers elementary school, has been incorporated into the new school. It will include silhouettes of seven children with personal touches such as a soccer ball to represent each child. The silhouettes will not have names, but the families will know which one represents their child based on the personal touches. Moore Public Schools Superintendent Robert Romines said the memorial ‘is very symbolic to the students we lost’. The new brick building includes a designated Federal Emergency Management Agency-approved safe area with four classrooms and a hallway where students can congregate when there's severe weather. The classrooms are equipped with bathrooms, and the hallway has no windows — setups designed to prevent storm debris from flying and injuring students. A memorial at the entrance of the school, dedicated to the seven students who were killed, is expected to be completed later this year. This classroom, with a separate bathroom, can be used as a safe room for severe weather or other lockdown situtaitons. The old Plaza Towers did not have a safe room. Students also will be welcomed by a large brick wall with a panther on it. Officials were able to salvage the panther wall from the old Plaza Towers and install it into the new building. Principal Patrick Chase said students chose the name ‘Paws’ for the panther. ‘It's probably my favorite feature of the building,’ said Mr Chase. The first day of school is Aug 19. This is the elementary school before the devastating tornado that flattened Moore in May last year. This aerial photo shows damage to the Plaza Towers Elementary School after massive tornado hit Moore.

Write highlights for this article.