Given the question: Information:  - Domnarvets Jernverk ( Domnarvets ironworks ) , is a steelworks in Borlänge , Sweden . Since 1978 Domnarvet is a part of SSAB . The works was founded in 1872 - 78 and was originally a part of Stora Kopparbergs Bergslag .  - Borlänge is a locality and the seat of Borlänge Municipality in Dalarna County, Sweden, with 41,734 inhabitants in 2010.  - Dalarna County ("Dalarnas län") is a county or "län" in middle Sweden. It borders the counties of Uppsala, Jämtland, Gävleborg, Västmanland, Örebro and Värmland. It is also bordered by the Norwegian counties of Hedmark and Sør-Trøndelag in the west. The capital is Falun.  - Finland is governed based according to its status as a republic with a representative democracy with principles of parliamentarism.  The public administration comprises of highest elected bodies (Parliament and president), state administration, local government, indirect state administration and Independent judiciary.  - Borlänge Municipality ("Borlänge kommun") is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden, with an area of 586.4 km². The municipality has a population of 47,640 (2007). The municipal seat is Borlänge.   - SSAB AB, earlier "Svenskt Stål AB" (English: Swedish Steel), is a Swedish-Finnish company, formed in 1978 and specialised in processing raw material to steel. The largest shareholders are Industrivärden and the Government of Finland.  - Dalarna (English exonym: Dalecarlia), is a historical province or "landskap" in central Sweden. Another English language form established in literature is the Dales.  - Steel is an alloy of iron and other elements, primarily carbon, that is widely used in construction and other applications because of its high tensile strength and low cost. Steel's base metal is iron, which is able to take on two crystalline forms (allotropic forms), body centered cubic and face centered cubic (FCC), depending on its temperature. It is the interaction of those allotropes with the alloying elements, primarily carbon, that gives steel and cast iron their range of unique properties. In the body-centred cubic arrangement, there is an iron atom in the centre of each cube, and in the face-centred cubic, there is one at the center of each of the six faces of the cube. Carbon, other elements, and inclusions within iron act as hardening agents that prevent the movement of dislocations that otherwise occur in the crystal lattices of iron atoms.  - Sweden, officially the Kingdom of Sweden (Swedish: ), is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe. It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east, and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund. At , Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area, with a total population of 10.0 million. Sweden consequently has a low population density of , with the highest concentration in the southern half of the country. Approximately 85% of the population lives in urban areas.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'domnarvet' with the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'.  Choices: - borlänge municipality  - central  - centre  - dalarna  - dalarna county  - denmark  - east  - europe  - finland  - jämtland  - norway  - of  - sweden  - uppsala  - west
The answer is: