Summarize the following:
Before you can accept Jesus, you must first believe. Christians believe God created the heavens and the earth. When Adam and Eve ate the fruit of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil, mankind became cursed with original sin. However, God sent down his son Jesus Christ to die for everyone’s sins, granting forgiveness. John 3:16 reads, “For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” By believing in Jesus, you can gain eternal life by going to Heaven. As a born again Christian, you will also accept Jesus into your heart as your personal savior. You are acknowledging that Jesus died for your sins and, through him, you are made righteous before God. It’s very easy to accept Jesus! You just need to believe and pray to him, asking him into your heart.  Here’s an example prayer: “Dear Lord Jesus, I know I am a sinner, but you died for those sins. I welcome you into my heart as my personal savior. Thank you for dying for my sins so that I can be forgiven. In your name I pray, Amen.” You can find many example prayers online. Repenting means to feel regret and remorse for your sins. Essentially, you’re acknowledging that you did wrong and are sorry for it. You can repent by telling God in prayer that you know you sinned and are very sorry for it. In the future, do your best to avoid sinning, as part of regret is trying to do better. Say, “God, I know I have sinned. I am very sorry for the things I’ve done wrong and want to do better through you. Thank you for forgiving all of my mistakes. In the name of Christ I pray, Amen.” Some Christians believe you don't need to join a church to be a born again Christian, while others believe you must. Joining a church can help you learn more about the Bible, connect with other believers, and grow in your faith. It's a good idea to visit a few churches before you pick one to join. As an alternative, you can watch religious services on TV or online. You can find a minister at a local church. Baptism is very important for being born again. The minister will dunk you underwater, then bring you back up. It symbolizes passing away and re-emerging from the water a new person. Through it, you are born again.  Mark 16:16 reads, "He that believes and is baptized shall be saved, and he that disbelieves shall be condemned." How and where you are baptized will depend on your church. You may be baptized in a tub inside the church, or you might be baptized in a lake or other waterway. Some churches will only baptize you if you are a member. You could join the church, or you could look for a church that does not require membership. The Holy Spirit is a comforter sent by God after Jesus left the earth. You will also receive the gifts and fruits of the Holy Spirit, which help you be a stronger Christian. All you need to do to receive the Holy Spirit is to welcome Him into your life, such as through prayer.  Say, “I welcome the Holy Spirit into my life, Amen.” The 9 fruits of the spirit include love, joy, peace, longsuffering, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self control.  The 9 gifts of the spirit include knowledge, wisdom, prophecy, faith, healing, working miracles, discerning of spirits, speaking in tongues (holy languages), and interpretation of tongues (holy languages).