Here is an article:

Valerio Mezzanotti for The New York Times

Eva Cavalli, Roberto Cavalli and Sharon Stone attend the amfAR dinner. More Photos »

IF you have never seen Sharon Stone in the role of auctioneer, imagine her giving the performance of a lifetime, the part she was born to play. This is a woman who could shake a dime out of Ebenezer, as well as an extra holiday or two.

So there was Ms. Stone on Saturday night at Milan Fashion Week, merely hours after Reuters reported she had been admitted to a hospital for a migraine suffered during the Fendi show, vamping in a black halter gown by Roberto Cavalli that resembled nothing more than a bra top with a skirt attached by panels of fringe.

At a black-tie benefit for amfAR, the AIDS research foundation, she sold a Damien Hirst etching for $110,000, followed by a six-liter gold-leaf bottle of Moët & Chandon that someone bought for $20,000 and promptly returned for her to sell again.

Wait, scratch that. Did Ms. Stone say dollars? That should have been euros! An M.C. constantly had to correct her all night.

“Someone help the blonde with a pain problem,” Ms. Stone said, joking about herself, before turning to an aggressive bidder and adding, “I liked you from the moment I saw you.”

Another bidder declined her advances, shaking his head.

“Don’t give me that little Italian thing,” she said. “I don’t like it.”

Out front, near the entrance to La Permanente gallery, the designer Kenneth Cole, who is the board chairman of amfAR, was sweating amid a throng of Italian actresses and socialites to make sure the arrivals went smoothly. Photographers went wild for Mr. Cavalli, chanting “Ro-bert-oh! Ro-bert-oh!” as if he were the goalie for Inter Milan. Mr. Cole, a tireless organizer of such fund-raising events, did not appear to relax for one moment. Does he ever have any fun at these things?

“Fun is overrated,” he said.

Mr. Cavalli, meanwhile, has been something of a Fashion Week gadfly, having picked a fight with Giorgio Armani over the politics of scheduling shows. He called Mr. Armani a “little king.” Mr. Armani told him to hush up.

“We have to show what we have in our minds and our hearts and our fantasies to bring fashion back to Milan like it was 20 years ago,” Mr. Cavalli said.

Actually, apart from the presence of newer designers like Dan and Dean Caten of the label DSquared, newer models like Jessica Stam and Lindsey Wixson, and a smattering of celebrities such as Solange Knowles (in a smashing white gown with an open back by Rubin Singer), this party was vintage 1992. Buckets of vodka and mixers were piled around velvet sofas bearing the Fendi logo, and crystal ashtrays were everywhere. So many people were smoking cigarettes at their tables that it became difficult to see across the room.

Ms. Stone, in what must have been her second hour on stage, began to flag, her voice sounding more like that of an aging lounge singer than a temptress. At one point, she flopped down on a lip-shaped couch that was also for sale. The party raised more than $1.1 million for AIDS research in the end; Mr. Cavalli bought the couch for 35,000 euros.

“This is what I’d like you to do,” Ms. Stone said. “I’d like you to get really drunk and flirt with someone at your table, because that’s what I’m going to do.”

Then she took her seat, next to Mr. Cavalli.

Write a title for it.