Write highlights for this article:

By. Emily Allen. UPDATED:. 15:15 EST, 18 January 2012. An amateur horsewoman has been found crushed to death at stables after her favourite horse is thought to have slipped and fallen on top of her. The body of 35-year-old Sarah Neal was discovered at the isolated yard on Tuesday evening. It is believed she suffered a fatal heart attack when the horse landed on top of her. Tragedy: Sarah Neal, 35, was crushed to death when she fell from her horse near Aldermaston, Berkshire. It is not clear if this was the horse involved in the incident. It was not known how long Ms Neal had lain dying at the stables in Mortimer West End, near Aldermaston, Berkshire, before she was discovered in the dark just before 8.30pm. Paramedics rushed to the stables, just a short distance from the Red Lion public house, following a 999 call from the police. A spokesman for the South Central Ambulance Service said that paramedics carried out resuscitation attempts on the woman but were unable to revive her. Her body was taken to the mortuary at the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading, where a pathologist was expected to carry out a post mortem examination. Today, Ms Neal's parents Jennifer and Christopher, were said to be 'in bits and too devastated' to talk about their daughter after hearing news of her death. Her brother James answered the door at his parents' modern three-bedroomed semi-detached on a quiet estate in West Berkshire. Paramedics rushed to the stables, just a short distance from the Red Lion public house, following a 999 call from the police and discovered Sarah's body. 'Mum's in pieces at the moment,' he said 'It all happened so suddenly. We are still trying to come to terms with it all.' Ms Neal's father, Christopher, had been telephoning relatives and loved ones letting them know the tragic news. Ms Neal was a bridesmaid to James' new wife Patricia at his wedding in 2010. Friends said that the single woman had been riding horses since she was a child and took part in equestrian events at the weekends. At 4pm yesterday just hours before the tragedy, Sarah posted on her Facebook status update 'Bored!' She had posted lots of photographs of her horses Rosie and Tim on it. As the news of her death filtered through to her friends devastated friends left memorial messages to her. Schoolfriend Jenny Abery posted: 'RIP Sarah xxxxxx this must be such a shock for your family, my thoughts go out to them. I found a picture of you and I as kids the other day riding our ponies in Bradfield together, happy memories xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Totally shocked :(' Friend Michelle Ivermee said: 'RIP Sarah I am going to miss you ar the yard never forgotten, love Michelle xxxx' George Hastie posted on her Facebook page: 'Sarah, such a tragic sad loss, you will be missed at the yard-Such a lovely bubbly person, Rest in Peace xxx' Steve Price said: 'Dear Sarah you are already sadly missed, dappy, funny, witty, bloody hard worker, never complaining, never had a compliant, loved and miss by all who touched you. RIP'. Michaela Gorman said: 'Gone but never forgotten! U were took away 2 soon always in my thoughts! RIP' June Cross wrote 'An awful tragedy, such a lovely person and so young RIP Sarah, my thoughts are with your family.' She had worked at Westcoast IT company in Theale, Berkshire for 13 years until 2008.

Highlights: