Information:  - Yachting refers to the use of recreational boats and ships called "yachts" for sporting purposes. Yachts are different from working ships mainly by their leisure purpose.  - A yacht club is a sports club specifically related to yachting.  - Knightsbridge is a residential and retail district in West London, south of Hyde Park. It is identified in the London Plan as one of two international retail centres in London, alongside the West End.  - A port is a location on a coast or shore containing one or more harbors where ships can dock and transfer people or cargo to or from land. Port locations are selected to optimize access to land and navigable water, for commercial demand, and for shelter from wind and waves. Ports with deeper water are rarer, but can handle larger ships. Since ports throughout history handled every kind of traffic, support and storage facilities vary widely, may extend for miles, and dominate the local economy. Some ports have an important military role.  - The London Plan is the statutory spatial development strategy for the Greater London area in the United Kingdom that is written by the Mayor of London and published by the Greater London Authority. The regional planning document was first published in final form on 10 February 2004. In addition to minor alterations, it was substantially revised and republished in February 2008 and again in July 2011. The London Plan published in July 2011 is currently in effect and has 2031 as a formal end date. minor alterations are being made to the plan to comply with the National Planning Policy Framework and other changes in national policy.  - A yacht is a recreational boat or ship. The term originates from the Dutch word "jacht" "hunt", and was originally defined as a light fast sailing vessel used by the Dutch navy to pursue pirates and other transgressors around and into the shallow waters of the Low Countries. After its selection by Charles II of England as the vessel to carry him to England from the Netherlands for his restoration in 1660 it came to be used to mean a vessel used to convey important persons.  - The Royal Thames Yacht Club ( RTYC ) is the oldest continuously operating yacht club in the United Kingdom . Its headquarters are located at 60 Knightsbridge , London , England , overlooking Hyde Park . The Club has a clear purpose : `` To provide the members with outstanding yacht cruising , racing and social opportunities in the UK and internationally , building on the Club 's unique heritage , central London facilities and close reciprocal relationships with other leading yacht clubs around the world . ''  - A sports club or sport club, sometimes athletics club or sports society or sports association, is a group of people formed for the purpose of playing sports. A club is solely created by its members, players and supporters, hence a separate entity from its owning (usually Limited) Company.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'royal thames yacht club' with the relationship of 'instance of'.  Choices: - area  - boat  - district  - document  - england  - final  - framework  - group  - history  - july  - leisure  - location  - may  - people  - plan  - planning  - policy  - port  - restoration  - retail  - role  - shelter  - ship  - sports club  - strategy  - wind  - yacht