Q: Australia's climate is governed largely by its size and by the hot, sinking air of the subtropical high pressure belt. This moves north and south with the seasons. But it is variable, with frequent droughts lasting several seasons -- thought to be caused in part by the El Niño-Southern Oscillation. The climate varies widely due to its large geographical size, but by far the largest part of Australia is desert or semi-arid. Only the south-east and south-west corners have a temperate climate and moderately fertile soil. The northern part of the country has a tropical climate, varied between tropical rainforests, grasslands and desert.

Answer this question: most of australia has one of the what climates?
A: desert or semi-arid. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: The climate varies widely due to its large geographical size, but by far the largest part of Australia is desert or semi-arid.

Q: Nana Sahib (born 19 May 1824 -- disappeared 1857), born as Dhondu Pant, was an Indian Maratha aristocrat and fighter, who led the rebellion in Cawnpore (Kanpur) during the 1857 uprising. As the adopted son of the exiled Maratha Peshwa Baji Rao II, Nana Sahib believed that he was entitled to a pension from the English East India Company, but the underlying contractual issues are rather murky. The Company's refusal to continue the pension after his father's death, as well as what he perceived as high-handed policies, compelled him to revolt and seek independence from company rule in India. He forced the British garrison in Kanpur to surrender, then executed the survivors, gaining control of Cawnpore for a few days. He later disappeared, after his forces were defeated by a British force that recaptured Cawnpore. He was led to the Nepal Hills in 1859, where he is thought to have died.

Answer this question based on the passage: who led the revolt of 1857 in kanpur?
A: Nana Sahib ( born 19 May 1824 -- disappeared 1857 ) , born as Dhondu Pant. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: Nana Sahib (born 19 May 1824 -- disappeared 1857), born as Dhondu Pant, was an Indian Maratha aristocrat and fighter, who led the rebellion in Cawnpore (Kanpur) during the 1857 uprising.

Q: The music video is labeled a short film and takes place in 1985 Miami. It was directed by Bill Pope and released on September 24, 2013. In the video Drake plays a kingpin whose lover (Ashley Moore) is kidnapped by a rival gang. Throughout the video, Drake does everything in his power to rescue her from captor / mobster played by actor Micah Fitzgerald. Cameo appearances in the video included Fredo Santana, Steven Bauer, Johnny Simmons, Majid Jordan and ASAP Rocky among others.

Answer this question: who is the girl in just hold on we're going home?
A: Ashley Moore. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: In the video Drake plays a kingpin whose lover (Ashley Moore) is kidnapped by a rival gang.

Q: The Secretary of State of California is the chief clerk of the U.S. State of California, overseeing a department of 500 people. The Secretary of State is elected for four year terms, like the state's other constitutional officers, and is restricted by term limits to only two terms. The current Secretary of State, Alex Padilla, took office on January 5, 2015.

Who is the secretary of the state of california?
A: