Pablo Zabaleta says Manchester City's defence must be at its physical and mental peak against the best strikeforce in the world on Tuesday. The combative Argentine lines up against Barcelona and close friend Lionel Messi at Eastlands braced for a test of City's Champions League credentials and the 30-year-old is confident his team can come through. 'They have perhaps the best strikeforce in the world,' said Zabaleta. 'We’ll need to be right physically. Pablo Zabaleta (right) has warned Manchester City to be ready for the best strikeforce in the world. Zabaleta (right) trains with the Manchester City squad on Monday ahead of the clash with Barcelona. The Manchester City squad are put through their paces at Monday's training session. 'You have to put up a good defence and not let any of the three [Suarez, Messi and Neymar] have the freedom to create chances. 'They are players that make the difference, the best forwards in the world. This attack is the envy of many. We will try to have a good game defensively, with an organised and concentrated unit.' Talking to El Mundo Deportivo, Zabaleta admitted: 'It will be a tough game. We’ re confident of a better result than last year. 'There were doubts about Barcelona after the Christmas break and problems between the coach and some players. But football is about now and nothing more. Wilfried Bony (left), Samir Nasri (centre) and Bacary Sagna (right) are put through their paces in training. City's Spanish playmaker David Silva plays a flashy pass during training on Monday. City right-back Pablo Zabaletta (right) keeps the ball up with team-mate Samir Nasri (centre) 'They recovered quickly and put together a run of wins that put them a point behind Real Madrid. The defeat at home to Malaga doesn’t mean they’re in bad form. They’re in good form but lost. 'One game doesn’t change anything. We still believe that we will face the best team in Europe, with great players. 'On our part, we needed to show we could control the game and move the ball [against Newcastle]. The five goals give confidence to the team. For us it was a very important result.' Discussing former Liverpool striker Suarez, Zabaleta added: 'He is one of the best in the world. Perhaps at Liverpool, he played as the focal point of the attack. He shared space with Sturridge and Sterling, but was the most important striker. Midfielder James Milner (right) shrugs his shoulders in training ahead of City's  game with Barcelona. Nasi sprints past City team-mate Wilfried Bony (left) as Pellegrini watches his side train. 'It’s his first year at Barca and like everybody he needs a period of adaptation. He hasn’t scored the same amount of goals as Messi and Neymar, but he’s created a lot. 'The goal against Levante the other day shows the quality that he has. I’m sure that he will be key. 'We’re a team that has only recently been in this competition. When you face teams with experience and prestige it’s an extra boost. 'We are in great form and with all our players available. That’s ideal when you’ re playing against one of the best teams and Barca are one of those. 'Between two teams that try to play football, that want to have the ball, the possession and that, above all else, will try to create goalscoring opportunities. Two teams which will try to attack quickly - it will be an open game.'

Write highlights for this article.