Write some highlights for the following article:

A man who helped break up an anti-gay assault at Dallas/Fort Worth Airport last week found out just what it's like to be famous when video of his heroic deed went viral. The only problem is that many people thought that the man in question, Ben Kravit, a 28-year-old from Dallas, Texas, was actually actor Paul Rudd. That is until Rudd's publicist revealed it was not the actor in the video, and someone who knows Kravit revealed his identity to the website Jezebel, leading to what Kravit describes as a 'pretty crazy day.' Scroll down for video. Hero: Ben Kravit (above) broke up an anti-gay assault at Dallas/Fort Worth Airport last Thursday. Mistaken identity: When a video of his heroic deed went viral, many started to believe it was Paul Rudd seen in a plaid shirt (above circled in red) breaking up the fight. No help: Kravit (above circled in red) has said workers at the airport and TSA agents were no help and seemed to do little to stop the fight from happening. Now, everyone wants to know more about Kravit, a brand manager who works for Dr. Pepper Snapple and is engaged to a woman who is no doubt the envy of many these past few days. It all began last Thursday when video surfaced of a man berating a fellow traveler at the airport for wearing a pink shirt. Then, when the anti-gay attacker was approached by someone in a cowboy hat asking what was wrong, he screamed, 'Queers! That’s what I’m upset about. This fa**ot right here.' Seconds later he started to kick the man in the pink shirt, while also grabbing his hair and slapping at him. That is when Kravit, the man in the cowboy hat and a few other model citizens stepped in to subdue the aggressor and stop the assault. The whole time, a passenger named Andrew Kennedy was filming the melee, which has now been viewed close to four million times on YouTube. It wasn't me: A publicist for Rudd (above) revealed on Monday that it was not the actor in the video. America's sweetheart: Kravit (above with his fiancee) is a 28-year-old brand manager for Dr. Pepper Snapple. Good sport: Said Kravit (above with his fiancee) of the experience, 'It was certainly fun to be a part of for a day, and something my friends and I will look back on and laugh about for many years' And that is when people watching the video started to wonder if Rudd, the star of films including Clueless, Anchorman and This Is 40 was responsible for taking down the homophobe. 'It seemed like every blog and website out there was running with it,' said Kravit. 'I have gotten the doppelgänger about [Rudd] before, but nothing like today. It was certainly fun to be a part of for a day, and something my friends and I will look back on and laugh about for many years.' As for why he jumped to action, the young man said, 'I know people can get agitated at airports, but the incendiary and ignorant comments he was making were out of control. I was really surprised no police or security was there to separate the two, but then when it got physical my instinct was to stop and protect the victim.' He added, 'It was really unfortunate that people think such discriminatory things, let alone verbally and physically assault someone over it. I'm glad I, along with the others who helped out, were there to help the victim and nothing worse came of it.' Paul Rudd would be proud.

Highlights: