Information:  - Éric Alfred Leslie Satie (17 May 18661 July 1925), who signed his name Erik Satie after 1884, was a French composer and pianist. Satie was a colourful figure in the early 20th century Parisian avant-garde. His work was a precursor to later artistic movements such as minimalism, Surrealism, repetitive music, and the Theatre of the Absurd.  - Jean Hugo (19 November 1894  21 June 1984) was a painter, illustrator, theatre designer and author. He was born in Paris and died in his home at the Mas de Fourques, near Lunel, France. Brought up in a lively artistic environment, he began teaching himself drawing and painting and wrote essays and poetry from a very early age. His artistic career spans the 20th century, from his early sketches of the First World War, through the creative ferment of the Parisian interwar years, and up to his death in 1984. He was part of a number of artistic circles that included Jean Cocteau, Raymond Radiguet, Pablo Picasso, Georges Auric, Erik Satie, Blaise Cendrars, Marie-Laure de Noailles, Paul Eluard, Francis Poulenc, Charles Dullin, Louis Jouvet, Colette, Marcel Proust, Jacques Maritain, Max Jacob, Carl Theodor Dreyer, Marie Bell, Louise de Vilmorin, Cecil Beaton and many others.  - Gabrielle Bonheur "Coco" Chanel (19 August 1883  10 January 1971) was a French fashion designer and businesswoman. She was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand. Along with Paul Poiret, Chanel was credited in the post-World War I era with liberating women from the constraints of the "corseted silhouette" and popularizing a sporty, casual chic as the feminine standard of style. A prolific fashion creator, Chanel extended her influence beyond couture clothing, realising her design aesthetic in jewellery, handbags, and fragrance. Her signature scent, Chanel No. 5, has become an iconic product. She is the only fashion designer listed on "TIME" magazine's . Chanel designed her iconic interlocked-CC monograph, meaning Coco Chanel, using it since the 1920s.  - Les Parents terribles is a 1948 film adaptation directed by Jean Cocteau from his own stage play Les Parents terribles . Cocteau used the same cast who had appeared in a successful stage revival of the play in Paris in 1946 . The film has sometimes been known by the English title The Storm Within .  - Henri-Léon-Gustave-Charles Bernstein (20 June 1876 in Paris  27 November 1953 in Paris) was a French playwright associated with Boulevard theatre.  - Jean Maurice Eugène Clément Cocteau (5 July 1889  11 October 1963) was a French writer, designer, playwright, artist and filmmaker. Cocteau is best known for his novel "Les Enfants Terribles" (1929), and the films "Blood of a Poet" (1930), "Les Parents Terribles" (1948), "Beauty and the Beast" (1946) and "Orpheus" (1949). His circle of associates, friends and lovers included Kenneth Anger, Pablo Picasso, Jean Hugo, Jean Marais, Henri Bernstein, Yul Brynner, Marlene Dietrich, Coco Chanel, Erik Satie, Albert Gleizes, Igor Stravinsky, Marie Laurencin, María Félix, Édith Piaf, Panama Al Brown, Colette, Jean Genet, and Raymond Radiguet.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'les parents terribles ' exhibits the relationship of 'composer'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - charles bernstein  - chic  - erik satie  - georges auric  - louis
A: