Question: Passage: The episode's title is a code phrase spoken by Jaqen H'ghar to Arya Stark during the episode, but its meaning is not explained until the third-season episode, "Walk of Punishment": "All men must die." This is consistent with the meaning given in the books upon which the series is based.

Question: Based on this passage, what is valar morghulis in game of thrones?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: The episode's title is a code phrase spoken by Jaqen H'ghar to Arya Stark during the episode, but its meaning is not explained until the third-season episode, "Walk of Punishment": "All men must die." The answer is All men must die.

Question: Egyptian side Al Ahly have won a record total of 20 titles in CAF competitions, nine more than his local rival Zamalek and eleven more than Mazembe (Democratic Congo) and ES Sahel (Tunisia). There is no team have won every CAF club competition, only Espérance had a chance to do it if they won the CAF Confederation Cup. Espérance won the Champions League for the first time in 1994, its first Cup Winners' Cup in 1998, its first CAF Cup in 1997, its first caf super cup in 1995, and the first Afro-Asian Club Championship Cup in 1995.

Answer this question based on the passage: how many times did al ahly win caf?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: Egyptian side Al Ahly have won a record total of 20 titles in CAF competitions, nine more than his local rival Zamalek and eleven more than Mazembe (Democratic Congo) and ES Sahel (Tunisia). The answer is 20.

Question: The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland. The United Kingdom includes the island of Great Britain, the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the United Kingdom that shares a land border with another sovereign state‍ -- ‌the Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the United Kingdom is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of 242,500 square kilometres (93,600 sq mi), the United Kingdom is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world. It is also the 22nd-most populous country, with an estimated 66.0 million inhabitants in 2017.

Based on this passage, which part of the world is the uk in?
Answer: The relevant sentence in the passage is: The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland. The answer is lying off the north - western coast of the European mainland.

Question: The 2017 US Open was the 137th edition of tennis' US Open and the fourth and final Grand Slam event of the year. It was held on outdoor hard courts at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in New York City. Experimental rules featured in qualifying for the main draw as well as in the junior, wheelchair and exhibition events.

Based on this passage, where is the us tennis open being held this year?
Answer: