Question: Information:  - Sarah, Duchess of York (Sarah Margaret; "née" Ferguson; born 15 October 1959), is a British writer, charity patron, public speaker, film producer and television personality. She is the former wife of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, the second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She is the younger daughter of Major Ronald Ferguson and Susan Barrantes (née Wright). Sarah has two daughters, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie of York, who are respectively seventh and eighth in the line of succession to the British throne.  - The Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter in York, commonly known as York Minster, is the cathedral of York, England, and is one of the largest of its kind in Northern Europe. The minster is the seat of the Archbishop of York, the second-highest office of the Church of England, and is the mother church for the Diocese of York and the Province of York. It is run by a dean and chapter, under the Dean of York. The title "minster" is attributed to churches established in the Anglo-Saxon period as missionary teaching churches, and serves now as an honorific title. Services in the minster are sometimes regarded as on the High Church or Anglo-Catholic end of the Anglican continuum.  - Princess Beatrice of York ( Beatrice Elizabeth Mary ; born 8 August 1988 ) is the first child and elder daughter of Prince Andrew , Duke of York , and Sarah , Duchess of York . She is seventh , and the second female , in line to succeed her grandmother , Elizabeth II. After the birth of her first cousin once removed , Princess Charlotte of Cambridge , Beatrice moved from sixth to seventh in the line of succession . Consequently , she no longer needs the permission of the sovereign of the UK to marry , as only the first six individuals in the line of succession require such permission . Beatrice worked at Sony Pictures Television Studios from January 2014 to January 2015 . While studying at Goldsmiths , University of London , Princess Beatrice was not expected to undertake regular royal duties , although she did make appearances at some events ; for instance , she and her sister , Princess Eugenie of York , represented their father at a service of thanksgiving for her aunt , Diana , Princess of Wales , in 2007 .  - York is a historic walled city at the confluence of the rivers Ouse and Foss in North Yorkshire, England. The municipality is the traditional county town of Yorkshire to which it gives its name. The city has a rich heritage and has provided the backdrop to major political events in England throughout much of its two millennia of existence. The city offers a wealth of historic attractions, of which York Minster is the most prominent, and a variety of cultural and sporting activities making it a popular tourist destination for millions.  - Prince Andrew, Duke of York, (Andrew Albert Christian Edward, born 19 February 1960), is the second son and third child of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. At the time of his birth, he was second in the line of succession to succeed his mother; as of 2016 he is sixth in line.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'princess beatrice of york' with the relationship of 'religion'.  Choices: - christian  - church  - church of england  - high church
Answer: