Write highlights for this article:

The daughter of a murdered California porn mogul has been sentenced to two years in prison for credit card fraud and identity theft. Jasmine Mitchell learned her fate Wednesday at San Francisco federal court. The 34-year-old Mitchell was arrested in February outside a Tiburon hotel on suspicion of obtaining cash advances in someone else's name. Off to jail: Jasmine Mitchell, 34, pictured in past mugshots, was sentenced to 27 months in prison after pleading guilty to credit card fraud and identity theft charges. Dark family history: Jasmine's father Artie Mitchell (left) and her uncle Jim Mitchell (right) were pioneers in the production of pornographic films in San Francisco. But in late February 1991, Jim shot his brother to death. A search revealed that Ms Mitchell was in possession of numerous fake credit cards. Three months after her arrest, Jasmine Mitchell skipped bail and ran away with her boyfriend, sparking a nationwide manhunt, which culminated on May 2 when sheriff's deputies cornered her in San Pablo. Mitchell managed to slip away on that occasion by ramming a deputy's car with her Mercedes-Benz, but police tracked her down six days later in Tiburon, San Jose Mercury News reported. She was indicted on fraud charges in May and entered a guilty plea in August, setting the stage for her sentencing this week. The woman is the daughter of Bay Area porn magnate Artie Mitchell, who was fatally shot by his brother and business partner in 1991 during a fight. As part of her plea deal, Mitchell will spend 27 months behind bars, followed by three years' probation. The 34-year-old former porn heiress also must pay more than $1million in restitution to two banks, Citibank and CIBC. Evidence: A detective points out the equipment seized from San Pablo apartment of Jasmine Mitchell, including an embossing machine (left) and a card press (right) Jasmine Mitchell was the alleged ringleader of a major identity theft operation that claimed thousands of victims. A public defender assigned to Mitchell's case blamed her bad decision-making on her addiction to methamphetamine, which she has been struggling with since 2004. According to the lawyer, Mitchell has been taking part in drug treatment programs and is 'genuinely contrite.' 'Ms. Mitchell very much needed a wake-up call and this case has provided it,' public defender Brandon LeBlanc wrote in a sentencing memorandum. Jasmine Mitchell's uncle, Jim Mitchell, died in 2007 after serving a manslaughter sentence in connection to her father's shooting death. The brothers produced in 1972 one of the first feature-length X-rated films, Behind the Green Door, and co-owned a still popular San Francisco strip club, The O'Farrell Theater. Art imitating life: In 2000, real-life brothers Charles Sheen (left) and Emilio Estevez (right) starred in a made-for-TV movie based on the lives of the Mitchell brothers. Trailblazers: The film focused on the making of the Mitchells' groundbreaking X-rated feature film, Behind the Green Door, released in 1972. In 2000, their story was dramatized in the movie Rated X starring real life brothers Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez. Jasmine Mitchell's cousin, Jim Mitchell's son James, is currently serving a 35-years-to-life sentence for killing the mother of his young daughter with a baseball bat in Novato in 2009.

Highlights: