These chilling images taken inside the home of one of America's most prolific child porn collectors reveal his sickening hoard of pacifiers and girl's underwear. The 52-year-old pedophile, who stored one million indecent images of children on discs and hard drives, was arrested in 2013 when police stormed his Orlando apartment. It was there they discovered framed photographs of naked children among piles of garbage and sippy cups. The haul is the largest in Florida's history, with law enforcement describing the contents of the sex offender's home as 'mind-boggling'. Framed photographs of naked children downloaded from the internet were among the sickening indicators of pedophilia found by law enforcement when they swooped on the home of one of America's most prolific child pornography collectors. And despite fearing for his life inside the walls of the Alabama prison where he will spend 20 years, the criminal, a former Navy information systems technician, said 'it would be nice' to be able to access the images again. 'What I did is not worth the hassle … the penalty,' he told USA Today under the promise of anonymity to protect himself from inmates. He claimed to have already been moved from one facility after being threatened by fellow prisoners. Despite possessing one of the largest collections of child pornography on record, the man insists he never acted on his sadistic impulses, confining his pedophilia to his ocean-side home. 'I never touched anybody. There was no direct contact with a victim,' he protested. Prosecutors have not been able to confirm his claim. It started, he said, in 2001, 12 years before being prosecuted, when a single image of a 'very young girl' flashed across his computer screen. 'It piqued my curiosity more than anything,' he remarked, fidgeting in a desk chair. Sippy cups and pacifiers were also discovered at the property in Orlando where the 52-year-old spent 40 uninterrupted days downloading indecent images of children. During a visit to Japan in the 1990s, the man admitted to buying and wearing children's clothes. Girls' underwear and a dress were found by police when they stormed his apartment. Law enforcement described the haul as 'mind boggling' and the largest police had ever seen in Florida's history. From there, his taste graduated from girls between the ages of three and six to those aged eight to 15. Records held by Florida's Department of Law Enforcement reveal the youngest child to appear in his collection was just one. Among the most horrifying of images was one of a two-year-old being sexually abused by an adult female. Another, of a girl around 10, showed her to be tied up with rope. While he claims not to have begun downloading the indecent images until 2001, the former serviceman admitted to 'encounters' with child prostitutes during a 1987 tour of the Philippines. Seven years later in Japan he began wearing children's underwear and buying sippy cups, pacifiers and diapers. Such behavior has 'nothing to do' with the collection of pornography discovered by police some years later, he claimed, adding his only allies in prison were fellow pedophiles. When arrested, the 52-year-old had spent 40 uninterrupted days downloading and looking at child pornography. The end of the binge came when police arrived on his doorstep with a search warrant.
Summarize the highlights of this article.