Would you believe that these breathtaking photos were seen through the lens of a kayaker's GoPro camera? Intrepid Tomasz Furmanek spends his spare time away from the Institute of Marine Research gliding atop the waters in some Norway's most idyllic beauty spots. For 10 years, Tomasz, a software developer, has visited many of the fjords in western Norway, inland lakes and the areas around Lofoten Islands in the northern part of the country. Scroll down for video. Tomasz Furmanek spends most of his spare time atop the waters of Norway's most idyllic nature spots. Using a GoPro camera fastened to his kayak, Tomasz snaps photos of the fjords he sees in his travels. But for Tomasz the main reason he has spent so much time kayaking is because he finds it relaxing. He said: 'I kayak mainly because it is an easy way to get mental balance. 'You get close to nature in a kayak and can experience things that is not possible while hiking.' Simply breathtaking! The scenery in Scandinavia is not to be missed. Tomasz has visited many of the fjords in western Norway, inland lakes and the areas around Lofoten Islands. For the past two years, Tomasz has been documenting his trips to his 10,000 Instagram followers. For the past two years, Tomasz has been documenting his trips and uploading what he calls an 'adventure blog' to his 10,000 followers on Instagram. 'I do not upload private pictures,' said Tomasz. 'The Instagram feed is more an adventure blog than a personal profile. 'The people that follow my account are mainly interested in kayaking, although I have some followers that do not do kayaking. He insists that the reason he continues to do this is because he finds kayaking so relaxing. He also enjoys the fact that kayaking allows you to get closer to many environments than you would hiking. Ships ahoy! 'You can experience things that is not possible while hiking,' says Tomasz. 'I had about ten thousand followers this summer before I went to Lofoten with Kristoffer Vandbakk who I met on Instagram. 'After three weeks of kayaking in Lofoten area, I gained about ten thousand new followers.' Tomasz mainly uses a helmet mounted GOPRO3+ camera for photos and videos and a Sony RX100mk2 in a waterproof box on the front deck of the kayak. Tomasz gained even more Instagram followers after kayaking with a friend, Kristofer Vandbakk. The two travelled in the Lofoten area for three weeks and when Tomasz returned, he had 10,000 more viewers. This stunning sunset is just one of the many photos that Tomasz has uploaded to his 'adventure blog' Currently, the intrepid kayaker boasts over 26,000 followers on social networking site Instagram. 'I do not upload private pictures,' said Tomasz of his Instagram account. 'The Instagram feed is more an adventure blog than a personal profile,' he says. Tomasz mainly uses a helmet mounted GOPRO3+ camera to capture these photos and videos. Tomasz works during the day as a software developer at the Institute of Marine Research in Bergen. Shadow play! When travelling through narrow spaces, the sun reflects off the rocks in mysterious ways. The moonlight is reflected on the water in this stunning, peaceful shot. Tomasz occasionally also posts photos from his tent or while hiking the fjords themselves. Tomasz has been exploring different parts of Norway for over 10 years now.
What are the important parts of this article?