Write highlights for this article:

Lynn Bennett (pictured) wanted to get revenge on her ex-boyfriend after claiming she found him in bed with another woman last Sunday. A woman who found her ex-boyfriend in bed with another woman has shamed him by decorating his house with balloons and a sign stating 'I'm a cheat'. Lynn Bennett, from Goole in East Yorkshire, said she wanted to get revenge after she became suspicious of her boyfriend of three-and-a-half years and turned up at his house unannounced. The 43-year-old cleaner spotted the car of one of his female friends outside his house and decided to knock on the door on Sunday. When he answered she claims he was acting strangely and after a search of the house she eventually entered the bedroom and found a woman in her underwear. Mrs Bennett started pulling her clothes from her 45-year-old ex-boyfriend's wardrobe and left the house in a rage, telling him the relationship was over. She decided today she wanted to get revenge and went round to his house to hang the giant banner, a smaller banner and multi-coloured balloons. She said: 'It only took ten minutes but it was the best revenge. I knew the best way to embarrass him was to make sure his neighbours knew.' Last Sunday, Lynn claims she became suspicious that her boyfriend of three and a half years was up to something and decided to drive past his house. But when she saw the car of one of his female friends nearby, she decided to knock the door. Lynn claims that the 45-year-old took ages to answer the door and behaved strangely when she went into the house. She says she searched the whole house and eventually entered the bedroom where she saw the female friend in just her underwear. In a rage, Lynn started pulling her clothes from her ex-boyfriend's wardrobe and eventually left to calm down at home telling him it was over. She returned to his house today and put up a huge sign which read 'I'm a cheat! I slept with another woman' She also put another sign on his gate and multi-coloured balloons, which she said 'added to the occasion' She returned to the house, where she claims he lives, today and rung the signs reading: 'I AM A CHEATER - I SLEPT WITH ANOTHER WOMAN' and 'I AM A CHEAT'. Crowds gathered outside the house in East Yorkshire today to take pictures and wait for the owner's return home. Mrs Bennett said: 'I did have my suspicions because he keeps some tools in this woman's shed. 'They've been in contact far too regularly for my liking. But I never thought it would come to this. 'He took ages to answer the door and then when I got up there and saw the woman I realised why - I had definitely caught them in the act. Her ex-boyfriend (pictured) was photographed returning to the house today where he tore down the signs. Mrs Bennett claims the 45-year-old, who she has been with for three-and-a-half years, had been unfaithful. 'That was it then, I screamed that it was over. I am never taking him back - good riddance! 'But I wanted to get some revenge and I knew the best way to do it was to let his neighbours know and some balloons seemed to add to the occasion. 'It was only really for the few people next door but he lives on a main road so I suppose it's got a bit more attention than I'd realised. 'At least this gave me something to laugh about - if I didn't laugh, I'd cry!' Her ex-boyfriend was not available for comment.