Please briefly summarize this news article:

In Praise of the Trusty Rice Cooker

By PABLEAUX JOHNSONJULY 22, 2014

Every cook has her trusted tools. Those implements that help you through just about any prep process and make the kitchen feel like home. For many it’s a special chef’s knife that sits just right in the hand, a cutting board with the perfect amount of countertop acreage, or maybe a sauté pan that responds to the slightest change in flame.

Me? I don’t feel completely right without my rice cooker.

In the modern move toward purely functional and minimalist cooking rigs, a lot of cooks purge convenience appliances and gadgets for simpler, more versatile tools. These “unitaskers” (garlic presses, asparagus tongs and electric bread machines among them) usually go into a donation or yard-sale box a few years after their emergence from gift wrap.

So some serious cooks scoff at my trusty rice cooker, asking, “Why not just use a little pot and be done with it?”

The answer, for anyone raised in southern Louisiana, is simple. We use rice cookers precisely because they work every time. Period. No timers, no worries, no excuses. Measure once, push a button and get on with the other tasks at hand. (There are usually plenty.)

For most of the dishes in our everyday repertory, a batch of bad rice means disaster. After spending a few solid hours cooking a good gumbo or simmering Aunt Agnes’s famous redfish court-bouillon, you think that we’re going to mess up the meal by serving it over gloppy rice? And rice, for such a simple food, is not terribly forgiving.

Over the years, I’ve tried all the foolproof methods for cooking our cuisine’s foundational grain. The “2 to 1” formula. The “knuckle-deep in water” trick. The “soaking method.” Several “absorption techniques.” Toasting. Steaming. Boiling. Microwaving. Pilafing.

And still, I find that each routine requires just enough time and attention that I’ll mess it up about 70 percent of the time. Set the “guaranteed” 20-minute timer and on a bad night you’ll end up with a gummy blob of starch. Set the burner too low, and you’ll be rewarded with crunchy grains in tepid, salty broth. Goose the flame a bit and you have a scorched, crusty mess.

A million years ago when I was in college, my mother gave me my first rice cooker after fielding a few dozen requests on how to debug our most cherished of foods. It turns out that I’d managed to screw up rice in every way imaginable. (It’s my gift, she’d tell me.) Mama learned about the cooker from an older lady at work and figured it would be worth a shot.

“Just scoop with this little cup,” she told me. “Pour water to the numbered line, and press go.”

I did, and a whole new world opened up. A place where each little grain is tender and intact. A land where I have one more burner on my stove and one less timer to track. A chance to be a little less crazy when I have a dozen guests knocking at my door for Monday night red beans.

Ask any cook: that “little less crazy” goes a long way, and can make a kitchen feel a lot more like home.

Pableaux Johnson is a food writer and photographer based in New Orleans. His work can be found at www.pableaux.com.

More recipes are at NYT Cooking, which is under development as the recipe resource of The New York Times. If you don’t yet have access, sign up for the wait list, at cooking.nytimes.com

Summary: