Given the question: Information:  - Golden Globe Awards are accolades bestowed by the 93 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, recognizing excellence in film and television, both domestic and foreign.  - Esai Manuel Morales, Jr. (born October 1, 1962) is an American actor. He played Bob Morales in the 1987 biopic "La Bamba". He also appeared in the PBS drama "American Family" and in the Showtime series "Resurrection Blvd." He is perhaps best known for his roles as Lt. Tony Rodriguez on "NYPD Blue" and Joseph Adama in the science fiction television series "Caprica".  - The Mexica (Nahuatl: "Mxihcah", ; the singular is "Mxihcatl" ) or Mexicas were an indigenous people of the Valley of Mexico, known today as the rulers of the Aztec Empire.  - NYPD Blue is an American police procedural drama television series set in New York City, exploring the struggles of the fictional 15th Precinct detective squad in Manhattan. Each episode typically intertwines several plots involving an ensemble cast.  - Lou Diamond Phillips (né Upchurch; born February 17, 1962) is an American actor and director. His breakthrough came when he starred as Ritchie Valens in the biographical drama film "La Bamba" (1987). For portraying Angel Guzman in "Stand and Deliver" (1988), Phillips was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and won an Independent Spirit Award. He made his Broadway debut with the 1996 revival of "The King and I", earning a Tony Award nomination for his portrayal of King Mongkut of Siam.  - Chicano or Chicana (also spelled Xicano, Xicana, or Xicanx) is a chosen identity of some Mexican Americans in the United States. The term "Chicano" is sometimes used interchangeably with "Mexican-American". Both names are chosen identities within the Mexican-American community in the United States. However, these terms have a wide range of meanings in various parts of the Southwest. The term became widely used during the Chicano Movement by Mexican Americans to express pride in a shared cultural, ethnic and community identity.  - La Bamba is a 1987 American biographical film written and directed by Luis Valdez that follows the life and career of Chicano rock ' n ' roll star Ritchie Valens . The film stars Lou Diamond Phillips as Valens , Esai Morales , Rosanna DeSoto , Elizabeth Peña , Danielle von Zerneck , and Joe Pantoliano . The film also covers the effect that Valens ' career had on the lives of his half - brother Bob Morales , his girlfriend Donna Ludwig and the rest of his family .  - The Antoinette Perry Award for Excellence in Theatre, more commonly known as the Tony Award, recognizes achievement in live Broadway theatre. The awards are presented by the American Theatre Wing and The Broadway League at an annual ceremony in New York City. The awards are given for Broadway productions and performances, and an award is given for regional theatre. Several discretionary non-competitive awards are also given, including a Special Tony Award, the Tony Honors for Excellence in Theatre, and the Isabelle Stevenson Award. The awards are named after Antoinette "Tony" Perry, co-founder of the American Theatre Wing.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'la bamba ' with the relationship of 'narrative location'.  Choices: - aztec empire  - hollywood  - mexico  - new york city  - police
The answer is: