This is a review of the happy hour.  The Skinny: poor execution of American Classics but still edible... I guess (3) service: it's okay at the bar - we had to get our bartender's attention quite a few times though (2.5) value: for the price we paid, you'd do a lot better elsewhere (2.5)  The hubs and I had to schlep it down to Forum Shops because of a shopping errand for my mom. While we were at it, we decided to hit P.J. Clarke's for their happy hour.   Just to preface, we don't indulge in oysters so if you're interested in the $1 oyster thing, this review might not apply to you. We ordered the buffalo chicken lettuce wraps ($7.90), crispy cod pieces ($9.50), a slider ($1.50), and the baked macaroni and cheese ($6.10).  I'd say definitely pass on the slider. Too little meat in the burger and of what was there, it was under seasoned. The bun, unfortunately, was hard and had an unpleasant texture. After one bite, we left the remaining bread alone.  The buffalo chicken lettuce wraps were odd. I guess if you are looking for a lighter alternative to buffalo chicken wings then perhaps this might appeal. However if you throw in the blue cheese dressing , it might be a wash. The buffalo chicken wraps were essentially diced up pieces of chicken breast - either grilled or sauteed - drenched in buffalo wing sauce and then served with lettuce and pickled cucumber and some carrot curls. Decidedly meh... if you're craving buffalo chicken wings, these are a poor substitute. The texture of the chicken was overly firm despite the dicing. Although the pickled cucumbers were okay, the whole plate needed more of the carrot and the addition of celery to cut through the heat. The blue cheese dressing was not overly "blue cheesy" and was solid.  Baked macaroni and cheese with bacon and peas was okay. The cheese sauce was overly thick, gumming the pasta shells together to make an unpleasant texture. The flavor balance of the dish wasn't quite right either - there was a little too much bacon and not enough cheese. For the serving size and the cost, I'd skip this one too.  The best thing was definitely the fried cod pieces. The batter was light and held well together with the fish. The tartar sauce was good but not spectacular - requiring perhaps a little more acidity to make it more interesting. That being said, you could probably get something like this at a much better price elsewhere.  Of note, we did sit next a couple who ordered the chef's happy hour special of the day which were the ahi tuna tacos. I have to say, it was embarrassing. The tuna tacos were about the size of a taco made for a Smurf (FYI - smurfs are 3 apples tall). I think I could have fit all six tacos in the palm of my hand and consumed it in one bite. Although I did not try this item myself, given the portion size, I would highly recommend against ordering this. (Unless you are a high roller Smurf with money to burn in.)  All in all, this meal set us back about $30 which is expensive for happy hour specials. Although the food is indeed edible - probably between a level of 2.5 to a 3 star - the value for your money just isn't there. So overall, I'd say 2.5 stars rounded down to a 2 when you factor in the cost. Avoid if you're not interested in oysters or drink specials. 2 starred review.
Choose: was this review given positively or negatively?
Choose from:
 1). negative
 2). positive