Which entity is this text about?

Michael Craig Judge (born October 17, 1962) is an American actor, animator, writer, producer, director and musician. Judge is the creator of the television series Beavis and Butt-Head (1993-97, 2011), and co-creator of the television series King of the Hill (1997-2010), The Goode Family (2009), Silicon Valley (2014-present), and Mike Judge Presents: Tales from the Tour Bus (2017). He also wrote and directed the films Beavis and Butt-Head Do America (1996), Office Space (1999), Idiocracy (2006) and Extract (2009). Raised in New Mexico, Judge graduated from University of California, San Diego, where he studied physics.

He graduated in 1986 from University of California, San Diego. In 1987, he moved to Silicon Valley to join Parallax Graphics, a startup video card company with about 40 employees based in Santa Clara. Disliking the company's culture and his colleagues ("The people I met were like Stepford Wives. They were true believers in something, and I don't know what it was"), Judge quit after less than three months and became a bass player with a touring blues band.  He was a part of Anson Funderburgh's band for two years, playing on their 1990 Black Top Records release "Rack 'Em Up", while taking graduate math classes at the University of Texas at Dallas. In 1989, after seeing animation cels on display in a movie theater, Judge purchased a Bolex 16 mm film camera and began creating his own animated shorts. In 1991, his short film "Office Space" (also known as the Milton series of shorts) was acquired by Comedy Central, following an animation festival in Dallas. In the early 1990s, he was playing blues bass with Doyle Bramhall.  In 1992, he developed Frog Baseball, a short film featuring the characters Beavis and Butt-Head, to be featured on Liquid Television, a 1990s animation showcase that appeared on MTV. The short led to the creation of the Beavis and Butt-Head series on MTV, in which Judge voiced both title characters as well as the majority of supporting characters and wrote and directed the majority of the episodes. The show centers on two socially incompetent, heavy metal-loving teenage wannabe delinquents, Beavis and Butt-Head (both voiced by Judge), who go to High School at Highland High in Albuquerque, New Mexico (the same city where Judge was raised and attended high school). The two have no adult supervision, are dim-witted, sex-obsessed, uneducated, barely literate, and lack any empathy or moral scruples, even regarding each other. Over its run, Beavis and Butt-Head drew a notable amount of both positive and negative reaction from the public with its combination of lewd humor and implied criticism of society.  Judge himself is highly critical of the animation and quality of earlier episodes, in particular the first two - Blood Drive/Give Blood and Door to Door - which he described as "awful, I don't know why anybody liked it... I was burying my head in the sand." The series spawned the feature-length film Beavis and Butt-Head Do America and the spin-off show Daria.  After two decades, the series aired its new season on October 27, 2011. The premiere was dubbed a ratings hit, with an audience of 3.3 million total viewers. On January 10, 2014, Judge announced that there is still a chance to pitch Beavis and Butt-Head to another network and that he wouldn't mind making more episodes.