Question: Information:  - The Jnanpith Award is an Indian literary award presented annually by the Bharatiya Jnanpith to an author for their "outstanding contribution towards literature". Instituted in 1961, the award is bestowed only on Indian writers writing in Indian languages included in the Eighth Schedule to the Constitution of India and English, with no posthumous conferral.  - Sharath Lohithaswa ( Kannada :   ) is an Indian film and stage actor and the son of Kannada artist Lohithaswa . Educated in Bangalore and originally rooted as a theatre artist , he has performed in television series including Chidambara Rahasya ( scripted by Late Poornachandra Tejaswi directed by Girish Karnad ) broadcast in DD Chandana and Kichchu ( directed by K.M. Chaitanya ) in ETV Kannada . He has several Kannada films to his credit and has earned a good name as one of the fine actors in Kannada cinema . His roles in Aa Dinagalu ( 2007 ) , Sanju Weds Geetha ( 2011 ) and Bheema Theeradalli ( 2012 ) are well known across Karnataka . He played several kinds of roles in Kannada movies . He is noticed in the South Indian film industry , mainly for his villainous roles . Not many know that he is also a good singer . He has sung in several dramas in which he has acted . He considers theatre as the root of all creativity and performance . He had his debut in Tamil with a decent role in Ethir Neechal as a caring father and a menacing villain in Pandianadu as Simmakkal Ravi .  - Girish Raghunath Karnad (born 19 May 1938) is an Indian actor, film director, writer playwright and a Rhodes Scholar, who predominantly works in South Indian cinema and Bollywood. his rise as a playwright in 1960s, marked the coming of age of modern Indian playwriting in Kannada, just as Badal Sarkar did in Bengali, Vijay Tendulkar in Marathi, and Mohan Rakesh in Hindi. He is a recipient of the 1998 Jnanpith Award, the highest literary honour conferred in India.  - K.M. Chaitanya (Kannada: ) is a film director, documentary maker and theater person. His first feature film Aa dinagalu in Kannada, won several awards including the Filmfare Awards South for Best Director and Best Feature Film in 2007. Chaitanya also won awards for Best Debutant Director by the South Indian Cinematographers' Association, Chennai Film Fans Association and Raghavendra Chitravani Award. Aa Dinagalu was listed by The Week among the top 10 Indian films of 2007. Chaitanya studied Journalism at Christ College.  - Lohithaswa T.S is a Kannada film actor and playwright and a retired English professor. He has acted in more than five hundred Kannada movies, stage plays, and television serials. He is popularly known for his dominating voice in the Kannada film industry. His son is actor Sharath Lohitashwa.  - Aa Dinagalu is a 2007 Indian Kannada language crime drama film based on the non-fiction novel "Daadaagiriya Dinagalu" by Agni Shridhar, and directed by K. M. Chaitanya. It stars Chethan Kumar in the lead role. The supporting cast features Sharath Lohitashwa, Ashish Vidhyarthi, Atul Kulkarni and Veda Sastry. The plot revolves around mafia in Bangalore during the 1980s when gangsters Kotwal Ramachandra and M. P. Jayaraj dominated the Bangalore underworld. The film's soundtrack and background music was scored by Ilayaraja.    What is the relationship between 'sharath lohitashwa' and 'filmfare awards south'?
Answer: