Summarize this article:

Try convincing yourself of the value of overcoming this fear. Make a list of advantages and disadvantages to spending time alone. Remember to consider the cost of this fear on your relationships, your own passions, and your self-development. For instance, you may decide that you will spend fifteen minutes alone without calling, texting, or messaging anyone, and as long as you need to process those fifteen minutes. This process might take place four times a week.  Make exposure gradual and take into consideration how bad your fear is. This process takes time and should not be rushed. Plan to be alone for short spurts. Little by little, you will want to plan increased amounts of time alone until you don’t feel overcome with panic. Try making an exposure hierarchy in which you rank feared situations on a scale of 0-100 according to how afraid you anticipate being when exposed to it. For example, you may rank spending an hour alone at home at 100, but going to a movie alone a 70. By ranking you can work up to overcoming gradually greater fears only once fear subsides for the less threatening fears. Try exposing yourself to a lower-ranked fear. At first you’ll feel incredibly nervous and anxious, and this is normal. In time, your body will relax. After a few highly uncomfortable attempts, this will be a way to signal to yourself that you are capable of spending time alone. Exposing yourself to your fear will also help you think more deeply about the fears behind the initial panic.  Don't become overly preoccupied with how panicked you feel and how stressed your body becomes. Because you are purposely exposing yourself to something you fear, shallow breathing, increased heart rate, and other physical symptoms of anxiety are normal. The longer the alone time, the greater the anxiety you will feel. But, with exposure, anxiety is expected and will dissipate with time. Gently push your limits until you are happy with how much alone time you can handle. Imagine you are going swimming--dipping your toes in the water can be exciting, but it won't adjust you to the temperature of the water. Another option is FearFighter, a computerized program of self-help methods that treat phobias.It is endorsed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) and proven effective. Because exposure can be so stressful, you may want a reliable way to distract yourself in the moment. Try reciting a few lines of a poem to yourself, doing arithmetic in your head, or whispering encouraging phrases to yourself, like "this feeling will pass, I have handled it before". Remember, the less often you use your crutch, the more intensive the exposure sessions will be. During and after your exposure sessions, record your level of fear on a scale from 0 to 10. 0 is fully relaxed and 10 is as fearful as you can imagine being. Doing this will show you how desensitized you have become to being alone and how much fear you were safely able to handle.  Note trends in the sessions when anxiety seems especially high or low. Do you see any other factors that affect your fear, like the weather, or who you spent time with earlier in the day? You can also use the journal to write encouraging thoughts, difficulties, and anything else that "comes up" related to the fear. This will help you know yourself and your underlying patterns better.

Summary: