Summarize this article:

The former Millwall man struck in the 53rd minute after James Coppinger's pass and it was enough to earn Darren Ferguson's men their second win of the campaign.
Doncaster dominated most of the first half with Andy Williams forcing a fine save from on-loan Everton goalkeeper Russell Griffiths in the 16th minute.
Cheltenham relied heavily on counter-attacks, with Harry Pell setting up James Dayton for a chance which he curled just wide and Billy Waters forcing Marko Marosi into an one-handed stop before the break.
Cheltenham improved in the second half, bidding to protect an unbeaten home record stretching back to last September when they were beaten 1-0 by Tranmere in the National League.
Koby Arthur saw a shot blocked on the edge of the box and the on-loan Birmingham forward also sliced a shot wide of the near post - but Cheltenham are still waiting for their first win since returning to the EFL.
Report supplied by Press Association.
Match ends, Cheltenham Town 0, Doncaster Rovers 1.
Second Half ends, Cheltenham Town 0, Doncaster Rovers 1.
Andy Butler (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Daniel Wright (Cheltenham Town).
Foul by Liam Mandeville (Doncaster Rovers).
James Dayton (Cheltenham Town) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Corner,  Doncaster Rovers. Conceded by Daniel O'Shaughnessy.
Andy Williams (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Asa Hall (Cheltenham Town).
Liam Mandeville (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by James Dayton (Cheltenham Town).
Liam Mandeville (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Asa Hall (Cheltenham Town).
Substitution, Doncaster Rovers. Harry Middleton replaces James Coppinger.
Attempt saved. James Jennings (Cheltenham Town) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Corner,  Cheltenham Town. Conceded by Mitchell Lund.
Andy Butler (Doncaster Rovers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Andy Butler (Doncaster Rovers).
Daniel Wright (Cheltenham Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
James Jennings (Cheltenham Town) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
James Coppinger (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by James Jennings (Cheltenham Town).
James Coppinger (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Harry Pell (Cheltenham Town).
Substitution, Doncaster Rovers. Liam Mandeville replaces Matty Blair.
Jordan Houghton (Doncaster Rovers) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Jordan Houghton (Doncaster Rovers).
Harry Pell (Cheltenham Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Hand ball by Jon Smith (Cheltenham Town).
Mitchell Lund (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Foul by Daniel Wright (Cheltenham Town).
Substitution, Cheltenham Town. Jon Smith replaces Koby Arthur.
Corner,  Doncaster Rovers. Conceded by Daniel O'Shaughnessy.
John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Daniel O'Shaughnessy (Cheltenham Town).
Substitution, Cheltenham Town. James Jennings replaces Danny Whitehead.
Corner,  Doncaster Rovers. Conceded by Harry Pell.
Corner,  Doncaster Rovers. Conceded by Jordan Cranston.
Foul by John Marquis (Doncaster Rovers).
Harry Pell (Cheltenham Town) wins a free kick in the attacking half.

Summary: