Problem:They always have to wear the lapel. They can not leave the House premises at any time unless they are evicted or decided by Big Boss. They can not discuss the nomination process with anyone. They are not allowed to sleep without the permission of Bigg Boss. The house is set up at Lonawala

Answer this question: where is big boss house located in telugu?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: The house is set up at Lonawala
Lonawala.

Student A:Rene Kirby (born February 27, 1955) is an American film and television actor. He is perhaps best known for his performance in the Farrelly Brothers' film Shallow Hal. In this film he plays the role of Walt, a man who, like Kirby himself, was born with spina bifida.

Answer this question: who played the crippled guy in shallow hal?
Student B:OK... This is the relevant information: In this film he plays the role of Walt, a man who, like Kirby himself, was born with spina bifida.
he.

Problem:The current COAS is General Bipin Rawat, who took office on 31 December 2016 following the retirement of General Dalbir Singh.

Who is the present captain of indian army?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The current COAS is General Bipin Rawat, who took office on 31 December 2016 following the retirement of General Dalbir Singh.
General Bipin Rawat.

Student A:Context: Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 -- August 16, 1977) was an American singer and actor. Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the "King of Rock and Roll" or simply "the King".

Question: who is known as the king of rock?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the "King of Rock and Roll" or simply "the King".
Elvis Aaron Presley.

Problem:Molson Canadian is a brand of 5 % abv pure beer (4 % in Ireland) brewed by Belliveau Brewing, the Canadian division of Molson Coors Brewing Company. The beer was introduced in 1959.

Answer this question based on the passage: what is the alcohol content of molson canadian?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Molson Canadian is a brand of 5 % abv pure beer (4 % in Ireland) brewed by Belliveau Brewing, the Canadian division of Molson Coors Brewing Company.
5 % abv pure beer ( 4 % in Ireland ).

Problem:Blood plasma is a yellowish coloured liquid component of blood that normally holds the blood cells in whole blood in suspension; this makes plasma the extracellular matrix of blood cells. It makes up about 55 % of the body's total blood volume. It is the intravascular fluid part of extracellular fluid (all body fluid outside cells). It is mostly water (up to 95 % by volume), and contains dissolved proteins (6 -- 8 %) (i.e. -- serum albumins, globulins, and fibrinogen), glucose, clotting factors, electrolytes (Na, Ca, Mg, HCO, Cl, etc.), hormones, carbon dioxide (plasma being the main medium for excretory product transportation) and oxygen. Plasma also serves as the protein reserve of the human body. It plays a vital role in an intravascular osmotic effect that keeps electrolytes in balanced form and protects the body from infection and other blood disorders.

Answer this question: what percentage of blood is composed of plasma?
Solution: