Question: Information:  - The IND Eighth Avenue Line is a rapid transit line in New York City, United States, and is part of the B Division of the New York City Subway. Opened in 1932, it was the first line of the Independent Subway System (IND), and the "Eighth Avenue Subway" name was also applied by New Yorkers to the entire IND system. Most of the line has four tracks, with one local and one express track in each direction, except for the extreme north and south ends, where only the two express tracks continue. The line is signaled as Line "A", with tracks A1, A3, A4, and A2 from west to east, running from approximately 800 at the south end to 1540 at the north end (measured in feet).  - The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States. With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States. Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term "New York minute". Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.  - Rector Street was a station on the demolished IRT Ninth Avenue Line . It had two tracks and two side platforms , though two additional tracks ended at a bumper just south of the station . It was served by trains from the IRT Ninth Avenue Line . It closed on June 11 , 1940 . The next southbound stop was Battery Place . The next northbound stop was Cortlandt Street for Ninth Avenue Line trains .  - An elevated railway (also known as El rail or simply El for short, and, in Europe, as overhead railway) is a rapid transit railway with the tracks above street level on a viaduct or other elevated structure (usually constructed of steel, concrete, or brick). The railway may be standard gauge, narrow gauge, light rail, monorail, or a suspension railway. Elevated railways are usually used in urban areas where there would otherwise be a large number of level crossings. Most of the time, the tracks of elevated railways that run on steel viaducts can be seen from street level.  - The IRT Ninth Avenue Line, often called the Ninth Avenue El, was the first elevated railway in New York City. It opened on July 1, 1868 as the West Side and Yonkers Patent Railway, as an experimental single-track cable-powered elevated railway from Battery Place, at the south end of Manhattan Island, northward up Greenwich Street to Cortlandt Street. It ceased operation on June 11, 1940, after it was replaced by the IND Eighth Avenue Line which had opened in 1932.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'rector street ' exhibits the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - avenue  - center  - commerce  - east  - europe  - manhattan  - media  - new york  - new york city  - north  - of  - street  - west  - yonkers
Answer: