England travel to Estonia on Sunday having won their opening two European Championship qualifying matches. Roy Hodgson's men followed up September's 2-0 victory in Switzerland with a 5-0 win against San Marino at Wembley on Thursday night. Here, Sportsmail looks at the three men who will be looking to ruin England's perfect start. Lithuania's Saulius Mikoliunas (second from right) scores to secure a 1-0 win against Estonia in qualifying. Estonia's Karol Mets (right) battles for the ball with Lithuania's Mindaugas Kalonas (left) in Vilnius on Thursday. Waddle’s midfield partner. Magnus Pehrsson. Position: Manager. Age: 38. Previous clubs: Djurgardens, Aalborg, GAIS, IK Sirius, Atvidabergs FF. Only hardcore Bradford City fans will remember Pehrsson’s one-month loan spell in England. With Chris Kamara in charge of the side in 1996, Pehrsson played just once, alongside Chris Waddle in central midfield. Estonia manager Magnus Pehrsson will be hoping to ruin England's perfect start to qualification. Pehrsson played alongside Chris Waddle (pictured) for Bradford during a loan spell back in 1996. Manchester City may also remember Pehrsson. He was manager of Danish side Aalborg, who almost knocked them out of the UEFA Cup in 2009. City were cruising 2-0 ahead from the first leg and there were five minutes to play in the second with the score goalless when Aalborg netted twice, including a stoppage-time penalty. Shay Given was the eventual hero as City edged through 4-3 on penalties. Pehrsson has also worked alongside England manager Roy Hodgson on a number of occasions as a pundit for Swedish television. Blackpool bargain. Sergei Zenjov. Position: Forward. Age: 25. Previous clubs: Karpaty Lviv, TVMK Tallin, Parnu Vaprus. Estonian forward Zenjov was Blackpool manager Jose Riga’s first signing in his so far short but torrid time at the club. Estonia forward Sergei Zenjov, pictured against Shrewsbury, joined Blackpool on a one-year deal in July. He was the first of 14 free or dirt-cheap players as Riga had to sign virtually an entire new first team with barely any money. Zenjov moved from Ukrainian side Karpaty Lvov, where he had spent six years, for free on a one-year deal. He is yet to score for Blackpool in 10 games and they are second-from-bottom in the Championship. But England would be wise not to underestimate him. Zenjov surprised the Italians by scoring against them in a Euro 2012 qualifier. Zenjov looks to keep the pace with Lithuania's Arvydas Novikovas during Estonia's Group E defeat. The Chemist. Rimo Hunt. Position: Striker. Age: 28. Previous clubs: Levadia, Tallinna Kalev, MC Tallin, Kaitseliit Kalev, Haapsalu. Hunt has been nicknamed ‘The Chemist’ back in Estonia due to having completed a degree in chemistry. It is also, apparently, due to his chemistry in the box, according to Estonian media, yet that does not extend to the international scene. Hunt has scored just one goal in five appearances for their national side, and that was in a friendly against Gibraltar, who are not even recognised by FIFA as an official team. He is, however, taking to the Kazakh Premier League well. That is where Hunt now plies his trade, at Kaisar, and he is one of the league’s leading scorers with eight this season, two off the top. Previous to that move, Hunt spent his entire career playing for Estonian club sides.

Write highlights for this article.