Richard Alan Enberg (January 9, 1935 - December 21, 2017) was an American sportscaster. Over the course of an approximately 60-year career, he provided play-by-play for various sports on numerous radio and television networks, including NBC (1975-1999), CBS (2000-2014), and ESPN (2004-2011), as well for individual teams, such as UCLA Bruins basketball, Los Angeles Rams, California Angels and San Diego Padres. Enberg was well known for his signature on-air catchphrases "Touch 'em all" (for home runs) and "Oh, my!" (for particularly exciting and outstanding athletic plays).

In the late 1960s, Enberg began a full-time sportscasting career in Los Angeles, working for KTLA television (anchoring a nightly sports report and calling UCLA Bruins basketball) and KMPC radio (calling Los Angeles Rams football and California Angels baseball). After every Angels victory, he would wrap up his broadcast with, "And the halo shines tonight," in reference to the "Big A" scoreboard at Anaheim Stadium and the halo at the top, which would light up for everyone in the area to see, particularly from the adjacent freeway. Enberg was named California Sportscaster of the Year four times during this period.  In the 1960s, Enberg announced boxing matches at L.A.'s Olympic Auditorium.  In 1968, Enberg was recommended by UCLA athletic director J.D. Morgan to be the national broadcaster for the syndicated TVS Television Network to cover the "Game of the Century" between the Houston Cougars, led by Elvin Hayes and the UCLA Bruins, led by Lew Alcindor (later Kareem Abdul-Jabbar). The "Prime Time" nationally televised game demonstrated that college basketball had a national "Prime Time" audience and stands as a seminal contest in the evolution of nationally televised evening college basketball broadcasts. Enberg continued to call the occasional UCLA game for TVS through the early 1970s, usually teaming with Rod Hundley. In 1973, Enberg traveled to Beijing, China to host the groundbreaking TVS Television Network telecast of the USA vs. China basketball game. It was the first team sporting event ever played between China and the USA.  In the 1970s, Enberg called the 1979 NCAA Championship game between Michigan State, led by Magic Johnson, and Indiana State, led by Larry Bird. He also hosted the syndicated television game show Sports Challenge, and co-produced the Emmy Award-winning sports-history series The Way It Was for PBS.  In the 1970 opening conference game in Pauley Pavilion, Oregon went into a stall against the UCLA Bruins. Enberg had run out of statistics and began to fill his radio broadcast with small talk. The movie Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid had just been released, and Enberg was humming the tune to "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head", but did not know the words. Two nights later, in a home game against Oregon State, many UCLA students brought the lyrics to the song. Enberg promised that he would sing the song if UCLA won the conference championship. He sang the song following the final game of the season. The event was recorded in the Los Angeles Times and was later recounted in the book Pauley Pavilion: College Basketball's Showplace by David Smale. During the 2006 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship broadcast, there was a short feature on the event.Answer this question using a quote from the following article:

What did he do while in Los Angeles?