Q: East Durham College, formerly known as East Durham & Houghall Community College, is a community college with campuses in Peterlee and Houghall, south-east of Durham.

Based on this passage, the former peterlee campus of east durham college?
A: East Durham & Houghall Community College. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: East Durham College, formerly known as East Durham & Houghall Community College, is a community college with campuses in Peterlee and Houghall, south-east of Durham.

Q: SAP ERP is enterprise resource planning software developed by the German company SAP SE. SAP ERP incorporates the key business functions of an organization. The latest version (SAP ERP 6.0) was made available in 2006. The most recent Enhancement Package (EHP8) for SAP ERP 6.0 was released in 2016.

Answer this question: what is the meaning of sap erp system?
A: enterprise resource planning software developed by the German company SAP SE. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: SAP ERP is enterprise resource planning software developed by the German company SAP SE.

Q: Pocahontas is the seventh Disney Princess and first appeared in Disney's 33rd animated feature film Pocahontas (1995). Based on the Native American chief's daughter, Pocahontas (c. 1595 -- 1617), and the settlement of Jamestown, Virginia in 1607. Pocahontas is displayed as a noble, independent and highly spiritual young woman. She expresses wisdom beyond her years and offers kindness and guidance to those around her. An adventurer and nature lover, in the film she appears to have shamanic powers since she was able to communicate with nature, spirits, and animals and understand foreign languages. In the sequel, Pocahontas, after hearing of John Smith's assumed death, is heartbroken. Despite this, she keeps her independent spirit and playfulness and is even much more mature and self-assured than she was in the first film. During her stay in England, she nearly loses herself in the hustle and bustle of the new world, consequently falling victim to western culture assimilation. But in the end, she bravely intends to sacrifice herself for her people's safety and returns to her homeland, finding herself, and love, once again. She was voiced by Irene Bedard and animated by Glen Keane while her singing was provided by Judy Kuhn.

Number of pocahontas in the official disney princesses?
A: the seventh. How to explain the answer? The relevant sentence in the passage is: Pocahontas is the seventh Disney Princess and first appeared in Disney's 33rd animated feature film Pocahontas (1995).

Q: Principal photography began on July 28, 2008. Hirani and his team left in late August for the shoot with the principal cast. The film was shot in Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Ladakh, Chail and Shimla. Aamir and rest of the cast began shooting in early September. Hirani planned to wrap up the film by December. The first scene was shot in an aircraft with Madhavan. From Mumbai, the crew and cast comprising Aamir and Kareena went to Ladakh for a 20-day schedule. Filming of the ICE college scenes took place at the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore campus for 33 days as a part of the second schedule of production. The dormitory scenes were filmed at the institution's female dormitory block.

3 idiots movie was shot in which college?
A: