Teacher:Given a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation, generate a suitable title that describes the main event/root cause of the situation. Imagine that the given text is a social media post, and you have to write the title of the post, so the users can decide to read the main text or not.
Teacher: Now, understand the problem? Solve this instance: AITA that I (20f) dont want my partner (23m) to have his friend (24m) stay over night as often?

To give some back story, they've been friends for nearly 10 years, they both want to start up a food stall together and to do that they need to meet up every week to talk about it.
The flat we live in is very small, the kitchen and living room are one room, there isn't really a hallway just a small room to put your shoes, and there's our small bedroom and bathroom. For anyone to use our bathroom they have to walk through the bedroom to get to it.

Just before Christmas time he was coming round every Wednesday night at about 10pm after his band practice, which stopped for awhile during the holiday period, but now he's back over. My boyfriend cooks them a meal idea for the stall, they eat it then talk a bit about the business, then proceed to chill out, the next day he'll either leave in the morning or, like today, he'll stay until 2 or 3pm.
I work as a waitress and I usually work split shifts which means I'll start at 11am, finish at 3pm, then go back into work at 5pm, and work until 9/10pm, which means unlike anyone that works 9-5, I have literally no free time apart from my days off which are Wednesdays and Thursdays. This is the same routine for my boyfriend except he's a chef.

I feel like I can't be free to do whatever I want in my own home when he's here. I can't sit in bed in my underwear as if he needs the toilet he has to walk through to get to it. The same applies if I want a lie in. I feel like I can't get up, put on my own music and put some shelves up and do some tidying because it's rude, if there's a guest round I don't feel completely comfortable being myself, doing whatever I feel like. I need to ask what they would like on, or if they're okay with me drilling the walls for awhile...
And I can't ask my boyfriend if he would like to go out anywhere or give me a hand with anything because that would rudely leave his friend out. 

I also need to give him a lift to the train station, not that I'm being forced to, I agreed to, I would feel too bad to say no as it's a 30/45 minute walk uphill. But now (my own fault) I need to change my plans to help him.

Nothing I wanted to get done has been done, and now I need to wait an entire week to get any of it done again, which might not even happen if he's staying over again.

I spoke a bit about it with my partner, as he knew something was wrong. But I don't want to tell him he can't have his friend over, I'm not sure when they would talk about the business any other time as our schedules are just work.
Don't get me wrong, I really like his friend, he's a lovely guy and very polite.

Am I just being selfish? WIBTA to ask him to stop staying over?

TLDR my boyfriend and his friend want to start a business together but the only time they can talk about it is on my days off, in our tiny flat. I don't feel comfortable in my own space. AITA for not wanting him here?

Throw away account as my boyfriend is an avid reddit user...
Student: