In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

with grooming scissors and tweezers. Use a pair of grooming scissors to trim back any eyebrow hairs that are noticeably longer than the rest. Then, use tweezers to pluck out any hairs that are rooted outside the natural contour of your eyebrows.  If your eyebrows are particularly bushy, comb through them before trimming so the hairs are lying properly. Or, wet your fingers a bit and smooth the eyebrows into place. You can keep plucking if you want to further thin out the natural look of your eyebrows, but that’s up to you. Use the grooming scissors that come with a typical grooming kit (along with tweezers, nail clippers, etc.), not the full-size scissors you’d use for a haircut. If you have any stray hairs growing off of the outside of your ear, either pluck them out with tweezers or cut them down as short as you can with grooming scissors. Remove each hair with a firm, quick yank of the tweezers, or pull each hair taut with the tweezers, then hold the scissors parallel to the flesh of your ear and cut the hair off at the base.  Use tweezers to yank out any visible hairs growing from inside your ear canal. This will hurt a bit, but you can reduce the pain by gripping the hair shaft firmly with your tweezers and pulling quickly and firmly. Never stick grooming scissors or any other sharp object into your ears. Only pluck hairs from the inside of your ear if they’re visible outside your ear. Pull any protruding nose hairs in each nostril taut with your tweezers, then hold the scissors parallel to your nostril opening and cut each hair off as short as you can. Do not stick the scissors up into your nose to trim the hairs. Also, don’t pluck hairs from out of your nose—any minor bleeding may lead to an infection.  Alternatively, you can purchase an electric nose hair trimmer. Models vary, but generally you'll just turn it on and stick the rounded trimmer into each nostril. Don't stick it farther up your nose than directed. Pluck or trim any rogue hairs growing on the top or side of your nose. If you’re going for a clean-shaven look, use a manual razor. Soften your skin and open your pores by showering or washing your face, then massage in a healthy coating of shaving cream. Shave in the direction of hair growth and rinse the blade often with clean water. Finish by rinsing your face with cool water, patting it dry, and applying an aftershave lotion or balm.  Use a clean, sharp razor every time you shave. If the blade is getting dull or full of gunk, replace it. If you want to keep a tidy beard, use a grooming trimmer instead. Adjust the blade setting to your desired length setting and glide the trimmer over your facial hair in even, smooth strokes. If you have sensitive skin on your face that gets easily irritated by shaving, keep in mind that the same will likely happen if you shave other areas of your body. In this case, you may want to trim your body hair instead of shaving it. If you're shaving your face, just include the front of your neck in the process. Shaving the back of your neck can be a bit trickier. Either use a handheld mirror in one hand and the razor in the other, or find someone who's willing to give you a quick neck shave. If you plan to shave your back (which is also much easier with a partner), you can include the back of your neck in that process.

Summary: