Answer the following question: Information:  - A music competition is a public event designed to identify and award outstanding musical ensembles, soloists and musicologists. Pop music competitions are music competitions which are held to find pop starlets. Examples of music competitions include Open Mic UK, SoundWave Music Competition, All-Japan Band Association annual contest, the World Music Contest, Live and Unsigned, the Eurovision Song Contest, and "American Idol."  - Paulina Susana Rubio-Dosamantes (born 17 June 1971) is a Mexican singer, actress, television music competition judge, hostess, model and businesswoman. She began her music career as original member of the pop group Timbiriche from 1981 through 1991, before leaving the group in order to focus on her solo career.  - Border Girl is the sixth studio album and first English-language album by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio, released on June 18, 2002 by Universal Music Latin. Its music incorporates Latin pop styles with rock, R&B, dance, and mariachi elements. The album's lead single, "Don't Say Goodbye" would become her most successful song in English. Other singles released from the album were "The One You Love", "Casanova", and "I'll Be Right Here (Sexual Lover)". Each of the main single releases, as well as other English songs on the album, have Spanish-language counterparts that became big hits on "Billboard's" Hot Latin Songs chart.  - Timbiriche was a Mexican pop-rock band which sold over 20 million albums worldwide becoming one of the most successful bands in Ibero-America from the first half of the eighties to the first half of the nineties.  - Television or TV is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black-and-white), or in color, and in two or three dimensions and sound. It can refer to a television set, a television program ("TV show"), or the medium of television transmission. Television is a mass medium, for entertainment, education, news, and advertising.  - `` Do n't Say Goodbye '' is a song written by Cheryl Yie and Joshua Rubin for Paulina Rubio 's sixth album Border Girl ( 2002 ) . It was produced by Doug Morris , Bruce Carbone and Sal Guastella and released as the album 's first single in North America and Europe ( see 2002 in music ) . It received large promotion in countries that were new to her music , like the United States and the United Kingdom , and she appeared on many important programs , including Jay Leno and The Rosie O'Donnell Show in the United States , and Jonathan Ross and CD : UK in Britain .  - Paulina or Paullina was the name shared by three relatives of the Roman Emperor Hadrian: his mother, his elder sister and his niece.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'followed by' with the subject 'don't say goodbye '.  Choices: - 1971  - 1991  - a  - album  - american idol  - as  - b  - black  - can  - girl  - goodbye  - held  - hits  - in color  - is  - judge  - latin  - live  - mass  - monochrome  - music  - or  - outstanding  - over  - paulina  - pop  - r  - released  - right here  - roman  - s  - singles  - sister  - solo  - song  - songs  - sound  - spanish  - successful  - t  - television  - the first  - the one  - the one you love  - the world  - three  - two  - universal  - world  - world music  - worldwide  - you
Answer: