Article:

An ancient fruitcake, thought to be at least 106 years old, has been discovered in an "as new" condition in a remote Antarctic hut. 
  
 Conservators from the Antarctic Heritage Trust in Christchurch, New Zealand, believe the delicacy was brought to Cape Adare by Robert Falcon Scott's northern party in 1911, and preserved by the freezing conditions ever since. 
  
 The trust's artefacts manager, Lizzie Meek, says her team, who are working to conserve several historic huts in the area, were surprised to find the cake still looked edible. 
  
 "It looks like new which is quite fantastic, it doesn't quite smell quite like new, it smells a little bit of rancid butter, but it looks beautiful," she says. 
  
 "The conditions down there are obviously frozen for most of the year, and that has preserved the cake really, really well, and on top of that it's been protected by the tin, and while the tin has almost entirely disintegrated the outside atmosphere hadn't got the cake." 
  
 What the cake tastes like after a century on the ice will remain a mystery, as it's unethical for conservators to taste-test their finds. 
  
 "The fruit cake will go back to where it came from on a shelf in the hut and I guess the story is out there and visitors to the site will be able to see that tin," Ms Meek says. 
  
 "Cape Adare gets regularly visited by cruise ships who tour the Ross Sea region, it's a very popular stopping place for them. It's difficult to get to, but a few hundred people every year get to those huts." 
  
 The project has just wrapped up after a 14-month effort to recover 1464 artefacts, including tools, clothing and other food items. 
  
 Newshub ||||| It's believed the cake, found on a shelf in a hut in Cape Adare, belonged to Robert Falcon Scott's northern party from 1911. (Getty/ Antarctic Heritage Trust) 
  
 The delicacy, made by British cake makers Huntley and Palmers, was still wrapped in paper and encased in the remains of a tin-plated iron alloy tin, the researchers at the Antarctic Heritage Trust in Christchurch said in a statement on Thursday. 
  
 "Finding such a perfectly preserved fruitcake in amongst the last handful of unidentified and severely corroded tins was quite a surprise," programme manager Lizzie Meek said. 
  
 Her team believe that the cake, found on a shelf in a hut in Cape Adare, belonged to Robert Falcon Scott's northern party from 1911. 
  
 The delicacy, made by British cake makers Huntley and Palmers, was still wrapped in paper. The delicacy, made by British cake makers Huntley and Palmers, was still wrapped in paper. 
  
 The huts were the first buildings in Antarctica and are the only examples left of humanity's first building on any continent. They were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Scott's party in 1911. 
  
 Although the cake looked and smelled edible, it will remain a mystery as to what the century-old sweet tastes like as it is unethical for conservators to taste- test their finds, Meek told Newshub. 
  
 "The fruit cake will go back to where it came from on a shelf in the hut and I guess the story is out there and visitors to the site will be able to see that tin," she said. 
  
 A team from the Canterbury Museum in Christchurch has recently finished a 14-month project conserving almost 1500 artefacts from Cape Adare. |||||
What is a summary?