Janoskians play dirty with boy-band template at Paradise

The members of the Australian quintet the Janoskians — brothers Beau, Jai, and Luke Brooks, and friends Daniel “Skip” Sahyounie and James Yammouni — officially state that they aren’t a boy band. While this is technically true, the young group’s tattooed, pierced bad-dude posturing fills a space crucial to the teen-idol ecosystem, and the raucous, oak tag-brandishing crowd at their show at the Paradise on Monday signaled their success.

The Janoskians came to prominence on YouTube, posting comedy clips that thrive to some extent on online video’s tendencies toward celebrating mild sociopathy — “Awkward Train Situations,” their first offering, was a montage of them annoying fellow passengers in a way that brought to mind a youthful, innuendo-eschewing Candid Camera.

A steady stream of videos, constant updates on social media outposts like Keek and Instagram, savvy cross-merchandising via their Dirty Pig clothing line, teen magazine-ready looks, and outrage stoked by some of their randier stunts eventually — inevitably? — resulted in the Janoskians garnering attention from big-name entertainment concerns. Lionsgate signed the group to a film deal this spring; Republic Records has released their singles in the US.

While the Janoskians might not consider themselves a boy band, show business is slow when it comes to developing new pipelines for stars, and the Janoskians’ material being a bit too blue for teen TV outlets means that their brand-building will be filled with lip synching and synchronized moves — at least until the movie comes out. Monday night’s show made it obvious that the group needed to work out the kinks of live performance; the miming and dancing felt tossed-off, like a trial the fivesome had to endure in order to be rewarded with the crowd’s love. (A spirited performance of “Let It Go,” the diva statement from “Frozen,” proved the exception.)

The skits included a quiz show where wrong answers led to members getting electrocuted and the acting out of a piece of fan fiction that climaxed in screech-inducing clinches. Passing the mike to the crowd for a Q&A led to queries about sex posed so frankly that even the group seemed flustered.

The crowd, for its part, wasn’t bothered by anything, whether half-hearted lip synching or overreliance on bodily function gags — perhaps partly because screams drowned out laugh lines. When those did come through, it was hard to not wish for a smidge of meddling from a standards-and-practices department: The guys have a not-insignificant amount of charm, but it’s lost in the morass of dime-store gags. Take the speed-dating-themed video for “Real Girls Eat Cake,” a ska-skewing track that could be the cheeky-dude counterpart to Megan Trainor’s chart-topping ode to butts, “All About That Bass.”

The clip indulges more cheap stereotypes than a Katy Perry awards-show performance, while the lyrics embody the pick-up artist ideal of the “neg,” in which one wins the affections of potential suitors by not-so-subtly putting them down. It’s a bit of a drag, although the quintet’s stated unwillingness to play to teen-idol type means that they have to play fast and loose with ideals of “good behavior.” But if the Janoskians want to transcend YouTube, they need to aim their jokes both higher and more precisely.

Write a one or two sentence summary.