By. Jessica Satherley. Last updated at 10:20 AM on 18th November 2011. Aidan McSweeney, 18, sustained multiple injuries when he fell from the rooftop in the suspected accident. A teenager climbed scaffolding while high on meow meow and plunged to his death, an inquest heard. Aidan McSweeney, 18, sustained multiple injuries when he fell from the rooftop after taking drug mephedrone. The clever teenager had recently moved out of the family village home in Towcester, Northamptonshire, after his A-levels to live with friends in town. His distraught mother Lynne Bucinikas, 54, described her son as a ‘sensitive’ boy who became a victim of peer pressure. Away from home he lived in an environment where drugs like mephedrone were readily available which he took to ‘fit in’. Lynne, who runs a landscape gardening business, yesterday sent a stark warning to other parents. She said: ‘I think it's appalling that so many youngsters died before it was made illegal. Even now you can find it and other manufactured drugs like it online. ‘It's become socially acceptable to take at parties and I want parents to realise how freely available these drugs are to young people. ‘My son was a sensitive and intelligent boy but he wanted to fit in, you wouldn't realise the danger if everyone is doing it. ‘He moved out to live with his friends. We live in a quiet village so it allowed him to go out, I was happy for him to enjoy himself. ‘I think he took the drugs to feel accepted by his peers, he always wanted to be the entertainer at parties. ‘Before he died we heard that he had not slept for three days on this drug. We were told that other times he woke up in unfamiliar places with no idea how he got there.’ Aidan moved out of his family home in Towcester, which he shared with his mother and sister Catlin, 17, to a flat in Northampton. Grieving family: Lynne Bucinkas and her 17 year old daughter Caitlyn from Paulerspury, near Northampton, say Aidan became the victim of peer pressure. He had finished his A-Levels and was deciding whether to take a year out or accept his place at Coventry University to read politics. Aidan died in hospital just eight hours after he plunged to the pavement near his flat at 2.25am, on July 19, last year. He had climbed up onto scaffolding and fell from the roof in what Lynne believes was a drug-fuelled prank. Traces of mephedrone, which was made illegal just three months earlier in April 2010, were found in his system. The heartbroken mother spoke out after a coroner recorded a verdict of accidental death at his inquest at Northampton Coroners Court. Lynne blasted a young man who was known to hold drug fuelled parties at the time of her son’s death and was later convicted of dealing. She said: ‘We know that Aidan was seen going to this dealers house about four hours before he died but he denied selling Aidan drugs. ‘He was the same age as Aidan and held parties for youngsters where drugs were available. ‘He made so much money from selling to impressionable kids. He avoided police detection because he wasn't your typical drug dealer. ‘He was geeky looking, from an affluent family and drove a nice car. ‘Aidan saw this dealer as a friend but he was just an evil predator who got kids hooked on drugs. ‘We know Aidan took mephedrone before his death and I am convinced that if he hadn't he would be here now.’

Write highlights for this article.