In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

If you want to bring magic into your life, then bringing it into your home is a great way to accomplish that.  By blessing your home, you can make your home a special place through the use of ritual.  Rituals work by using symbolic actions in order to bring about a certain attitude or feeling about a place or thing, connecting the “sacred” to the “profane”.  Although these symbolic connections are up to you to define, there are some common associations that you can make use of.  Lavender, cedar-wood, and eucalyptus are all believed to have cleansing properties. You may want to do your blessing as the sun rises, facing it in the east, as the symbolic connection to the new day can make your house feel like a new, magical space. Cleaning your house can have an effect on your mood and how you view the spaces you live in.  By giving your house a good cleaning before you start your blessing, you also send the message to yourself that you are making a change, clearing the space before your turn it into one of your own making.  Clean your entire house while focusing on your intention that you are reforming your environment. Cleaning can send the message to yourself that you have control over your environment and are working to improve it. Before you begin the blessing itself, you will want to take a moment to set up the space you will be using.  In setting the mood you want to create by engaging the senses, you can help make your blessing feel more magical and special to you, as well as anyone else doing the blessing with you.  Light some incense or use a diffuser and essential oils. Play some music that puts you in the mood you want to be in during your blessing. Say some words that feel important to you and express your intent for the entire house and the goals of the ritual. Some spiritual traditions make use of burning candles during a ritual.  When candles are used for spiritual purposes, it is common to consider the color of the candle, which have symbolic associations attached to them.  You may also want to carve symbols that you enjoy into the candle.  It is believed that as the candle burns, those symbolic aspects are projected outwards, into the environment.  White candles are sometimes associated with purification. Light blue candles are thought to bring about harmony and joy. Yellow candles can represent joy and happiness. Move from room to room with your candle, speaking a blessing for each room.  The blessing you say can be as long or as short as you like, so long as it contains your wishes for that room.  Visit every room in your home with your candle so that you bless the entire house.  An example affirmation for your bedroom might be “When I am in this space I will feel safe and secure.  I will sleep and awake well rested.” By making these affirmations in your rooms, you focus on positive thinking about them and yourself when you visit them.  This positive thinking can bring with it numerous health benefits. Most traditions believe that when using a candle in a ritual, it should be allowed to burn down completely.  The underlying belief is that the candle is releasing your intention as it burns and blowing it out will cause this to stop.  Burning the candle fully is thought to produce the maximum effect. Never leave your candle unattended while it is burning.

Summary: