Please answer the following question: Information:  - Michael "Mick" McGeough (pronounced "mik-GOOH"; born June 20, 1957) is a retired National Hockey League referee, who wore uniform number 19 (now worn by Gord Dwyer) from the 199495 NHL season until his retirement. His NHL career began in 1987. McGeough was one of the last NHL officials to officiate NHL games without wearing a helmet when he was on the ice. In the 200607 NHL season, McGeough was forced by the NHL to wear a helmet on ice, as it was the first season that dictated that all on-ice officials had to do so. He now is helping the NHL bring up new recruits from the AHL. Entering the 200708 NHL season, McGeough had officiated 1,023 regular season and 63 post season games.  - James McGeough ( born April 13 , 1963 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player . He is the brother of former NHL referee Mick McGeough . Drafted in 1981 by the Washington Capitals , McGeough also played for the Pittsburgh Penguins .  - The National Hockey League (NHL) is a professional ice hockey league currently composed of 31 member clubs. Of the 30 clubs currently playing, 23 are in the United States and 7 in Canada. Headquartered in New York City, the NHL is considered to be the premier professional ice hockey league in the world, and one of the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada. The Stanley Cup, the oldest professional sports trophy in North America, is awarded annually to the league playoff champion at the end of each season.  - Ice hockey is a contact team sport played on ice, usually in a rink, in which two teams of skaters use their sticks to shoot a vulcanized rubber puck into their opponent's net to score points. Ice hockey teams usually consist of six players each: one goaltender, and five players who skate up and down the ice trying to take the puck and score a goal against the opposing team.  - Regina (is the capital city of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The city is the second-largest in the province, after Saskatoon, and a cultural and commercial centre for southern Saskatchewan. It is governed by Regina City Council. The city is surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Sherwood No. 159.  - In ice hockey, the goaltender is the player responsible for preventing the hockey puck from entering their team's net, thus preventing the opposing team from scoring. The goaltender usually plays in or near the area in front of the net called the "goal crease" (often referred to simply as " the crease" or "the net"). Goaltenders tend to stay at or beyond the top of the crease to cut down on the angle of shots. In today's age of goaltending there are two common styles, butterfly and hybrid (hybrid is a mix of the traditional stand-up style and butterfly technique). Because of the power of shots, the goaltender wears special equipment designed to protect the body from direct impact. The goalie is one of the most valuable players on the ice, as their performance can greatly change the outcome or score of the game. One-on-one situations, such as breakaways and shootouts, have the tendency to highlight a goaltender's pure skill, or lack thereof. Only one goaltender is allowed to be on the ice for each team at any given time.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'position played on team / speciality' with 'centre'.
Answer: