Here is an article:

John Oliver is a sensible man. He often has wise things to say about the news, or, if the headlines are to be believed, “completely destroys [Name of News Topic] in a way that must be seen to be believed” and “ravages the city of misconception with the raw power of his rampant intellect.”

And he’s definitely right about New Year’s.

Let me admit that I used to love New Year’s. But I can’t help feeling that New Year’s Eve is generally a bit of a letdown. If I recall correctly, “Family Feud” once polled its excruciatingly non-scientific audience about how enjoyable they found New Year’s Eve on a scale from one to 10, and the most popular answer was four. Four is about right.

The trouble with New Year’s Eve is that, unlike the other holidays, it is a Holiday for Adults. Definitely. It is past everyone else’s bedtime.

Like most adult things — driving cars, eating ice cream for breakfast and cereal for dinner, grouting tile — it seems like the sort of thing that should be fun but isn’t. As a kid, when I saw the “New Year’s Eve” assortments of hats and noisemakers in the pages of the Oriental Trading Company catalog, I was convinced that here we had a real, bang-up holiday, when you could stay up late and cut loose and pelt each other with confetti and drink champagne from a plastic flute. That, I told myself, was the life. I also felt that there was a certain romance in cleaning your toilet, with the help of those cheery animated bubble characters (who, the commercial suggested, would do most of the work for you).

Now I know better. It is a party to celebrate what time it is, for Pete’s sake. If you go to a bar, everything costs $60 and by the time you have fought through the crowd to get a second drink, the evening is over. Also, as you stumble to the street in your jaunty glasses that used to make sense when there were two zeros in the middle of the year and now don’t, there is Surge Pricing on Uber. If you stay in, you are stuck there. The fact that you cannot leave under any circumstances before midnight suddenly causes you to loathe all of your friends. They were great and fine and dandy until you found that you were stuck with them until Ryan Seacrest said you could go. If you don’t go out at all — well, this is why they coined the term FOMO.

When you get down to it, nothing about a “holiday for adults” sounds particularly fun. Adulthood, generally, is not tremendous fun, which is why alcohol is so necessary. Drinking can be almost as much fun as fun. And New Year’s Eve is no exception to this rule. We so badly want it to be fun that we drink until it is. The day after New Year’s Eve is when searches for hangover cures hit their highest point of the year.

The other problem with this holiday is that we still can’t shake the notion, somehow, that New Year’s Eve should be fun. Maybe if we went to a hipper party, instead of just watching Ryan Seacrest tell America the time, as Oliver so eloquently put it. Maybe if we went and stood in Times Square. Maybe if I went to a different house party. Maybe if I went to a different Hip Happening Club. Maybe if I just stayed in and watched Netflix. Surely there’s a way that a good time could be managed. Hope. That’s the problem. That’s what makes it so bad.

Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.

Write a title for it.