Some random thoughts: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The book centers around an unlucky teenage boy named Stanley Yelnats, who is sent to Camp Green Lake, a juvenile corrections facility in a desert in Texas, after being falsely accused of theft.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Passage: Holes is a 1998 young adult mystery comedy novel written by Louis Sachar and first published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux. The book centers around an unlucky teenage boy named Stanley Yelnats, who is sent to Camp Green Lake, a juvenile corrections facility in a desert in Texas, after being falsely accused of theft. The plot explores the history of the area and how the actions of several characters in the past have affected Stanley's life in the present. These interconnecting stories touch on themes such as racism, homelessness, illiteracy, and arranged marriage.

Question: Based on this passage, what children's book was set in camp green lake texas?
A: Holes

Some random thoughts: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Olivia Hack as Cindy Brady
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Passage: Gary Cole as Mike Brady Shelley Long as Carol Brady Henriette Mantel as Alice Nelson Christopher Daniel Barnes as Greg Brady Christine Taylor as Marcia Brady Jennifer Elise Cox as Jan Brady Paul Sutera as Peter Brady Jesse Lee as Bobby Brady Olivia Hack as Cindy Brady David Graf as Sam Franklin Michael McKean as Larry Dittmeyer Jean Smart as Dina Dittmeyer Jack Noseworthy as Eric Dittmeyer Moriah Snyder as Missy Dittmeyer R.D. Robb as Charlie Anderson Shane Conrad as Doug Simpson Marissa Ribisi as Holly Alanna Ubach as Noreen Megan Ward as Donna Leonard Elisa Pensler-Gabrielli as Miss Linley RuPaul as Mrs. Cummings Darion Basco as Eddie David Leisure as Jason (The modeling firm owner) Davy Jones as himself Micky Dolenz as himself Peter Tork as himself "Mudd Pagoda" David Darling, vocals; Marc Danzeisen, drums; Roger Joseph Manning, Jr., keyboards; Eric Dover, guitar; and Sheldon Strickland, bass guitar as members of the high school band

Question: Based on this passage, who played cindy brady in the brady bunch movie?
A: Olivia Hack

Some random thoughts: The relevant sentence in the passage is: Pure Michigan began as an advertising campaign launched in 2008 by the state of Michigan, featuring the voice of actor and comedian Tim Allen.
Generated quizz based on thoughtsQ: Context: Pure Michigan began as an advertising campaign launched in 2008 by the state of Michigan, featuring the voice of actor and comedian Tim Allen. The Pure Michigan campaign, which aims to market the state of Michigan as a travel and tourism destination, received state and international attention beginning in 2008 when Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm approved $45 million in additional funding for the Pure Michigan campaign from the 21st Century Jobs Trust Fund. The unprecedented tourism fund amount for the state allowed the Pure Michigan campaign to be broadcast on a national level beginning in March 2009. Annual funding for fiscal 2014 was $29 million.

Question: who does the voice for the pure michigan ads?
A: actor and comedian Tim Allen

Some random thoughts: The relevant sentence in the passage is: The band soon lost Mellow Man Ace to a solo career, and changed their name to Cypress Hill, after a street in South Gate.
Generated quizz based on thoughts