By. Hugo Duncan. PUBLISHED:. 14:33 EST, 29 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 05:08 EST, 30 January 2013. Bonus: Antony Jenkins, who took over from Bob Diamond as chief executive of Barclays, is set to receive a bonus of £1 million. Barclays triggered outrage last night as it emerged it plans to pay its new boss a £1million bonus despite being engulfed in scandal last year. Antony Jenkins, who took over from Bob Diamond as chief executive at the end of August with a brief to clean up the bank’s image, is being lined up for a seven-figure payout on top of his £1.1million salary. However, critics say Barclays should not pay such big bonuses for 2012 – a year when its name was dragged through the mud. In total, it is thought the bank is preparing to pay up to £2billion in bonuses for the last financial year. But Barclays was forced to cough up £290million over its involvement in the Libor interest-rate rigging scandal – a humiliating episode which cost Mr Diamond his job. It has also been accused of aggressive tax avoidance and mis-selling products such as payment protection insurance to unsuspecting customers. The row over bonuses at Barclays came a day after it emerged that RBS was planning to pay its investment bankers £250million for 2012, despite being more than 80 per cent owned by taxpayers. Critics reacted with anger to the prospect of another round of bumper bonuses following a year of shame for the industry. Richard Lloyd, executive director of Which?, said: ‘Recent scandals have decimated consumer confidence, and the public will be rightly outraged if senior bankers get huge bonuses despite their failings. Cleanup: Mr Jenkins, who previously ran the Barclays retail banking arm and the credit cards division Barclaycard, was appointed chief executive to clean up the bank's tarnished image. Mega pay: Mr Jenkins's pay pales in comparison to Diamond's, who earned £17 million in 2011. ‘Excessive bonuses shouldn’t even be. contemplated where there is evidence of mis-selling or rate-rigging. Past bonuses should be clawed back from those who presided over. wrongdoing.’ Mr Jenkins was appointed as a ‘new. broom’ after the bank plunged into crisis under Mr Diamond. As chief. executive, his total package will be up to £8.6million, including a. salary of £1.1million, a bonus of up to £2.75million, shares in an. incentive plan worth up to £4.4million and a cash allowance of £363,000. instead of a pension. Labour MP Chris Leslie, a shadow. Treasury minister, said: ‘While our economy is shrinking it looks set to. be another bumper bonus round for bankers. 'There should be fair rewards for performance, but these bonuses follow the Libor fixing and mis-selling scandals.’ Reward: It is thought the bank is preparing to pay a total of between £1.5 billion and £2 billion in bonuses to its staff for 2012. Barclays sources insisted no decisions on bonuses have been taken and insisted pay is ‘something we want to bring down’. The bank paid out a total of £2.2billion in bonuses for 2011. MPs were told yesterday that a. generation of young people are being put off saving because of the. record-low base interest rate of 0.5 per cent. Experts also savaged the Bank’s. £375billion quantitative-easing policy, with one telling the Treasury. Select Committee that it was ‘an appalling confiscation of wealth’ from. pensioners.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: