Answer the following question: Information:  - Ceratophya is a genus of hoverflies, with five known species. They are distinct from "Microdon" by the presence of an appendix on vein R4+5. Many species have erroneously been placed in this genus. Some authors place "Ceratophya" as a subgenus of "Microdon".  - Afromicrodon is an African genus of hoverflies . The species of the Afromicrodon genus were previously and erroneously placed in the genus Ceratophya . Afromicrodon species are recognized among the Microdontinae by them lacking an appendix on vein R4 +5 , having short antennae about as long as the face or shorter , and a simple basoflagellomere and simple scutellum without calcar . The abdomen is oval .  - A genus ( genera) is a taxonomic rank used in the biological classification of living and fossil organisms in biology. In the hierarchy of biological classification, genus comes above species and below family. In binomial nomenclature, the genus name forms the first part of the binomial species name for each species within the genus.  - Binomial nomenclature (also called binominal nomenclature or binary nomenclature) is a formal system of naming species of living things by giving each a name composed of two parts, both of which use Latin grammatical forms, although they can be based on words from other languages. Such a name is called a binomial name (which may be shortened to just "binomial"), a binomen or a scientific name; more informally it is also called a Latin name. The first part of the name identifies the genus to which the species belongs; the second part identifies the species within the genus. For example, humans belong to the genus "Homo" and within this genus to the species "Homo sapiens". The "formal" introduction of this system of naming species is credited to Carl Linnaeus, effectively beginning with his work "Species Plantarum" in 1753. But Gaspard Bauhin, in as early as 1623, had introduced in his book "Pinax theatri botanici" (English, "Illustrated exposition of plants") many names of genera that were later adopted by Linnaeus.  - In biology, an organism is any contiguous living system, such as an animal, plant, fungus, archaeon, or bacterium. All known types of organisms are capable of some degree of response to stimuli, reproduction, growth and development and homeostasis. An organism consists of one or more cells; when it has one cell it is known as a unicellular organism; and when it has more than one it is known as a multicellular organism. Most unicellular organisms are of microscopic scale and are thus loosely described as microorganisms. Humans are multicellular organisms composed of many trillions of cells grouped into specialized tissues and organs.  - Hover flies (family Syrphidae) of the genus Microdon are unusual among the Diptera. Like other members of the subfamily, they are myrmecophiles, meaning they inhabit the nests of ants. There are 249 species are known worldwide, with the greatest diversity being from the tropics; 30 species are known from North America, though it is expected that many of these species will be placed in other genera in time, as "Microdon" has been used as a catch-all for various unrelated species not placed in other genera.    'afromicrodon' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'parent taxon'?  Choices: - animal  - homo  - microdon  - plant  - syrphidae
Answer: