Idea for the Q&A below: The important part for answering this question is: The A-Class is a front wheel drive car and features traction control (ASR) as standard, as well as electronic stability control and anti-lock brakes (ABS).
Q: The A-Class is a front wheel drive car and features traction control (ASR) as standard, as well as electronic stability control and anti-lock brakes (ABS).

Answer this question: mercedes benz a class front or rear wheel drive?
A: front wheel drive car

Idea for the Q&A below: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Constructed by the German Democratic Republic (GDR, East Germany), starting on 13 August 1961, the Wall cut off (by land) West Berlin from virtually all of surrounding East Germany and East Berlin until government officials opened it in November 1989.
Q: The Berlin Wall (German: Berliner Mauer, pronounced ( bɛʁˈliːnɐ ˈmaʊ̯ɐ) (listen) ) was a guarded concrete barrier that physically and ideologically divided Berlin from 1961 to 1989. Constructed by the German Democratic Republic (GDR, East Germany), starting on 13 August 1961, the Wall cut off (by land) West Berlin from virtually all of surrounding East Germany and East Berlin until government officials opened it in November 1989. Its demolition officially began on 13 June 1990 and finished in 1992. The barrier included guard towers placed along large concrete walls, accompanied by a wide area (later known as the "death strip") that contained anti-vehicle trenches, "fakir beds" and other defenses. The Eastern Bloc portrayed the Wall as protecting its population from fascist elements conspiring to prevent the "will of the people" in building a socialist state in East Germany. In practice, the Wall served to prevent the massive emigration and defection that had marked East Germany and the communist Eastern Bloc during the post-World War II period.

Answer this question: when did the berlin wall start being built?
A: 13 August 1961

Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information to answer the above question is: The Sun is a G2V star, with G2 indicating its surface temperature of approximately 5,778 K (5,505 ° C, 9,941 ° F), and V that it, like most stars, is a main-sequence star.
Q: The Sun's color is white, with a CIE color-space index near (0.3, 0.3), when viewed from space or when the Sun is high in the sky. When measuring all the photons emitted, the Sun is actually emitting more photons in the green portion of the spectrum than any other. When the Sun is low in the sky, atmospheric scattering renders the Sun yellow, red, orange, or magenta. Despite its typical whiteness, most people mentally picture the Sun as yellow; the reasons for this are the subject of debate. The Sun is a G2V star, with G2 indicating its surface temperature of approximately 5,778 K (5,505 ° C, 9,941 ° F), and V that it, like most stars, is a main-sequence star. The average luminance of the Sun is about 1.88 giga candela per square metre, but as viewed through Earth's atmosphere, this is lowered to about 1.44 Gcd / m. However, the luminance is not constant across the disk of the Sun (limb darkening).

Temperature of the surface of the sun in kelvin?
A: approximately 5,778 K

Idea for the Q&A below: The important part for answering this question is: Portrayed by Millie Bobby Brown, she is a girl with psychokinetic and telepathic abilities and a limited vocabulary.
