Summarize this article:

As the Miami Heat faced off against the San Antonio Spurs in Game 5 of the NBA finals Sunday night, a curious TV ad aired near the end of the second quarter featuring rap star Jay-Z in a studio, riffing with a cast of characters including producer Rick Rubin and artist Pharrell Williams. At one point, a member of the posse is shown taking notes on a tablet device. More than two minutes into the three-minute video, Samsung Electronics Co.’s tagline flashes across the screen: “The Next Big Thing.” ||||| Never forget: Watch the throne. Because while Kanye has been eating up the headlines with Yeezus and the new baby girl, Jay-Z has quietly been getting ready to drop his twelfth studio album. It's coming July 4, which is already a totally Jay-Z-is-America-is-the-new-Jay-Gatsby thing to do, but it'll also be called Magna Carta Holy Grail. Let that sink in for a moment, ponder if it's more grandiose than Yeezus as a title, and then, if you will, recall how Vulture totally said this summer will belong to Hova. 
  
 The video announcing the record shows Rick Rubin, Pharrell, Timbaland, and Swizz Beatz in the studio. Jay narrates about writing new rules and implementing lush sounds and live instrumentation. Immediate questions begging to be asked: Did anyone guess Jay-Z would follow Kanye's industry-bucking route, skipping hype and singles and just sneaking up with an album? (And is Beyoncé going to do the same thing? Where is her record?) Is "go Picasso" gonna be the new "go H.A.M."? Is this the most well-lit studio of all time? Did Kanye contribute any tracks? If so: Was he too busy to have as big a part of this album as he did The Blueprint 3? Did you know that one came out in 2009, making this the longest spell without a Jay-Z solo album ever, surpassing his non-retirement by a year? Lastly and maybe most importantly for some: Do you own a Samsung Galaxy? 'Cause if you do, you may be one of 1 million people to get the album for free with an app. (Stay tuned for the requisite discussion of albums as branded experiences/phone apps.) ||||| Jay-Z shared some big news tonight during Game 5 of the NBA Finals: He's got a new album coming out in less than a month. Titled Magna Carta Holy Grail, the rapper's 12th studio album will arrive on July 4th. 
  
 500 Best Albums of All Time: Jay-Z's The Blueprint 
  
 Jay-Z made the announcement in the form of a Samsung commercial that aired during the Miami Heat-San Antonio Spurs game. The three-minute ad shows Jay-Z working in the studio with Rick Rubin, Pharrell Williams, Swizz Beatz and Timbaland and musing on making art in the modern world. 
  
 "We don't have any rules, everybody is trying to figure it out," he says. "That's why the internet is like the Wild West. The Wild Wild West. We need to write the new rules." 
  
 Jay-Z dropped a hint about the announcement on Friday by posting a photo on his Life + Times website of a Samsung phone displaying the words "NBA Finals Game Five – Tune In – Turn Up the Volume." Samsung, as the album's website notes, is offering Magna Carta Holy Grail free to a million Galaxy users 72 hours before its general release through a customized app on their devices. 
  
 "The album is about this duality," Jay-Z says in the ad, "of how do you navigate your way through this whole thing, through success and through failures, and remain yourself?" |||||

Summary: