Instructions: In this task, you're given a review from Amazon and rating for the product on a scale of 1-5 based on the review. The rating means 1: extremely poor, 2: poor, 3: neutral, 4: good, 5: extremely good. Your task is to generate whether the rating matches the review or not. Answer with "True" if the sentence belongs to that section, otherwise answer with "False"
Input: Review: I still can't believe I dropped this much money on a duvet cover, it was more than the new down comforter we also bought! But I have to say, after just sitting it out in the (very elegant) packaging for about a week while convincing myself it was worth it I just could not bring myself to return it. So I finally unwrapped it and put it on the bed. It's sooooooo nice. The fabric is very nice quality and the print is crisp, deep, and a lot more intricate than a picture can show. The one we selected is all in rich tones of blue on a white background. Our bedroom is a pale yellow color and I wasn't sure I'd like such a strong, single tone like blue in a yellow room, but I do. I experimented with a couple different colored sets of bed linen and really like them all, especially a lighter yellow set and a stark white with some silvery gray accents. All the stitching is very well done and I have not found a single spot that needed attention. Each inside corner has ties that can be used on a comforter that has corresponding tabs, and the ties are just the right length to easily attach without struggling. It has a concealed button closure right at the edge and this makes both sides available to be face up. There were no odd smells when removing it from the packaging. I set it up right from the package, intending to only spread it out to look at then wash, but got lazy and just left it. The fabric is quite stiff with whatever product the manufacturer uses. While it means the cover is pretty much perfect right out of the box in appearances I don't like the stiffness, and it makes a rustling sound similar to waxed tissue paper when moving assertions at night. I plan to gently wash it soon and do not expect any issues from that. We ordered the king size and received king size pillow shams, which I wasn't expecting. It's fine, but we don't have that size pillows and honestly I don't plan to use them for sleeping anyway. I like the trim detail on the shams. Top use them you just insert the pillow through an opening in the center of the back. No buttons or need to fold fabric over anything. I'd also planned to buy a waterproof cover fire the duvet, mostly for the "dust" that down sometimes produces that escapes through fabric, but I don't think I need to with this set. The fabric of this cover is very, very dense and thick. I may still buy one since we have kids and pets, just to be safe. Dunno. So yeah, I do recommend this if you can accept the cost at first. I've never heard of this brand but I also don't buy linens or generally care about that kind of stuff. It came nicely packaged in a fancy cardboard box, wrapped in tissue paper, and neatly folded in a matching cloth bag with handles (that I plan to reuse to carry some files for a monthly meeting). I ordered some simple king sized pillows so I can go ahead and use the shams. I'd purchase this brand again but a seriously don't see this set ever wearing out or getting ratty. Sometimes it's nice to just splurge. 
 Rating: 1
Output: