News article:

Please enable Javascript to watch this video 
  
 AURORA, Ill. -- Surveillance video captured the moment a young girl jumped out the back seat of her father's moving car to get away from the carjacker who was stealing it. 
  
 While Aurora Police search for the accomplice of that carjacking, they pass along this advice --these days you can't leave the car running while you get out to pump gas! 
  
 It was early Friday morning when Mark Beasanski of Aurora, Ill., was going to pump gas at the BP gas station on North Eola Road. 
  
 Without warning, a man jumped into the Jeep Cherokee from the passenger side of a Dodge Charger and begins to drive off with 11-year-Kayla in the backseat. The incident was caught on video. 
  
 Moments later the girl, can be seen jumping out of the car and then father and daughter embrace. 
  
 Aurora police sent out word to be on the lookout for the stolen Jeep and about an hour later, the Illinois State Police spotted the stolen jeep Cherokee driving on the Ike. 
  
 A 20-year-old Chicago man, Tyrelle Pulley was arrested and charged for what is Aurora's first carjacking this year. 
  
 While authorities continue to look for Pulley's accomplice, they offer this advice: Don’t make it easy on the bad guys. 
  
 “This is really sad to say about society today although he turn the vehicle off you have to take the opportunity away from a brazen criminal to do something like this. It's an opportunity for thieves,” Dan Ferrelli, police spokesperson, said. ||||| Gas station surveillance video newly made public shows an 11-year-old girl jumping from a Jeep as it was being carjacked at a gas station on Aurora’s Far East Side, according to authorities. 
  
 Officers received reports early Friday morning that a man had jumped into a 2018 Jeep Cherokee at a gas station in the 1200 block of North Eola Road as the Jeep’s owner prepared to fill the gas tank, Aurora police have said in a Facebook post. The man drove off, while the owner’s daughter was inside, they said. 
  
 The video, made public Tuesday, shows a rear door of the Jeep open as the SUV begins to move, and the girl jump out and fall onto the ground. A man jumps onto the hood of a car that begins to follow the Jeep, and the car drives out of the frame. 
  
 Police said in a Facebook post the man was the girl’s father, and he was attempting to stop the theft. 
  
 The video then shows the girl getting up and the man walking back into the frame, and the two hug. Police said neither the girl nor her father was hurt. 
  
 Beacon-News attempts to reach the father Tuesday were unsuccessful. 
  
 Tyrelle L. Pulley, 20, of Chicago, has been charged with aggravated vehicle hijacking, aggravated unlawful possession of a stolen motor vehicle and fleeing and eluding police, according to Aurora police. They are searching for an accomplice, and asked anyone with information to call the Aurora police investigators or Aurora Area Crime Stoppers. 
  
 Police have said Pulley got out of a blue Dodge Charger that had pulled up next to the Jeep, and both vehicles drove off. Illinois State Police spotted the Cherokee near Interstate 88, and chased it heading east, according to Aurora police. 
  
 The chase ended in a crash near First Avenue, where Pulley was arrested, according to police. No one was hurt in the crash, they said. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?