Write some highlights for the following article:

Scroll down for video. A one-year-old baby died in Upstate New York on Tuesday after it ingested liquid nicotine, the chemical used in the popular e-cigarettes. The baby died at its home in Fort Plains on Tuesday and when it was found unresponsive it was taken to the hospital and pronounced dead. ABC reports that police say the death was a 'tragic accident' and that no foul play was involved. Dangerous: Liquid nicotine that could have been  for an e-cigarette killed a one-year-old in Upstate New York who ingested the dangerous chemical. It's unclear as to whether or not the liquid was for an e-cigarette but officials expressed their concern about similar accidents happening to children of e-cigarette smokers in the future. 'One teaspoon of liquid nicotine could be lethal to a child, and smaller amounts can cause severe illness, often requiring trips to the emergency department,' the American Association of Poison Control centers in a statement yesterday. They also states that even though liquid nicotine is dangerous for children there are currently no child-proof packaging standards set in place. The American Association of Poison Control Centers made an announcement in November that the number of exposures to liquid nicotine is on the rise. By November 30 there had been 3,638 exposures to the dangerous chemical. That's more than double the 1,543 exposures reported in 2013. In 2011 just 271 exposures were counted. The child's death on Tuesday marks the first death related to the substance since 2012 when a man injected himself with the chemical. Dr.Donna Seger, director of the poison control center at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, said that even the smallest amount of nicotine can be dangerous for children. 'They’re not that difficult to get into,' Seger said of the vials that contain the nicotine. 'The issue is once the exposure occurs, it could be bad.' ABC spoke with Phil Daman, president of the Smoke-Free Alternatives Trade Association who questioned whether or not the nicotine the child found was in fact the standard liquid used for e-cigarettes. Growing popularity: As the popularity of e-cigarettes increases so does the number of dangerous exposures to -liquid nicotine used in the cigarette. The liquids range in strength from low to high and the one consumed by the child could have been a higher dosage than normal. Daman also said he was, 'saddened to hear the terrible news.' '[We] want to always be mindful to put safe products on the market,' said Daman. He said companies should do their best to 'err on the side of caution.' Symptoms of nicotine exposure are vomiting, nausea, and eye irritation. Children may be more likely to consume the nicotine liquids that are flavored and made to look like candy. 'E-cigarette liquids as currently sold are a threat to small children because they are not required to be childproof, and they come in candy and fruit flavors that are appealing to children,' said U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden in April. As more and more children become exposed, legislators and companies are taking steps to ensure safety. The e-cigarette Vapor World, changed their packaging to make bottles child resistant. Governor Andrew Cuomo of is set to sign a bill in coming weeks that will require child-resistant caps on liquid nicotine bottles.