Information:  - Imperial Records is an American record company and label started in 1947 by Lew Chudd (19111998) and reactivated in 2006 by EMI, which owned the label and back catalogue at the time. The current owner is Universal Music Group.  - The Hollies are an English pop/rock group best known for their pioneering and distinctive three-part vocal harmony style. The Hollies became one of the leading British groups of the 1960s (231 weeks on the UK singles charts during the 1960s; the 9th highest of any artist of the decade) and into the mid 1970s. It was formed by Allan Clarke and Graham Nash in 1962 as a Merseybeat type music group in Manchester, although some of the band members came from towns north of there. Graham Nash left the group in 1968 to form the supergroup Crosby, Stills & Nash.  - Stay with The Hollies is the first album released by The Hollies. The album was released in the United Kingdom on the Parlophone label, owned by EMI, in January 1964. In Canada an album with the same title was released on the Capitol 6000 label, also owned by EMI, in July 1964 with a completely different track listing. In the US, Imperial Records released yet another version of this LP under the title Here I Go Again in June 1964.  - Here I Go Again is essentially an American issue of the Hollies ' first LP , Stay With The Hollies . It featured the group 's first two US hits as well as covers of well - known R&B songs , not unusual for Beat groups of the day . Imperial issued this album in `` Electronic Stereo '' , despite the fact true stereo masters exist for all the songs . Although this album has never been reissued on CD , the songs can be found on other releases .  - EMI (officially EMI Group Limited, originally an initialism for Electric and Musical Industries and often known as EMI Records and EMI Music) was a British multinational conglomerate founded in March 1931 and was based in London. At the time of its break-up in 2012, it was the fourth-largest business group and family of record labels in the recording industry and was one of the big four record companies (now the big three). Its EMI Records Ltd. group of record labels included EMI Records, Parlophone, Virgin Records and Capitol Records. EMI also had a major publishing arm, EMI Music Publishingalso based in London with offices globally.  - Parlophone Limited (also known as Parlophone Records) is a German-British record label that was founded in Germany in 1896 by the Carl Lindström Company as Parlophon. The British branch of the company was formed in 1923 as The Parlophone Co. Ltd., which developed a reputation in the 1920s as a leading jazz record label. In 1926, the Columbia Graphophone Company acquired Parlophone's business, name and releases. Columbia Graphophone later merged with the Gramophone Company in 1931 to become Electric & Musical Industries Limited (EMI). George Martin joined EMI in 1950 as assistant label manager, taking over as manager in 1955. Martin produced and released a mix of product including comedy recordings of the Goons, the pianist Mrs Mills, and teen idol Adam Faith.    'here i go again ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'record label'?  Choices: - album  - american record company  - columbia graphophone company  - emi  - emi records  - english  - imperial  - imperial records  - labels  - parlophone  - pop  - record  - united kingdom
Answer: