Article:

Tokyo (CNN) -- Hackers have stolen personal information from over 1.2 million customers of the Japanese gaming company SEGA, according to a company statement. 
  
 The breach occurred Friday and targeted user data from subsidiary "SEGA Pass", which is operated by Britain-based SEGA Europe Limited (SEL). 
  
 The service was "illegally accessed from outside and personal information of all 1,290,755 customers of the service... were brought outside of the system," according to SEGA. The information included names, birth dates, e-mail addresses and "encoded passwords," the statement said. 
  
 But the company emphasized that it "does not hold any confidential information such as credit card information." SEGA says it shut down service as soon as it confirmed the illegal access and sent affected customers an e-mail apology. 
  
 The company says it is investigating the cyber break-in. 
  
 SEGA published the statement explaining the data hacking in Japanese on the Japanese website only. English language users were greeted only with messages that the SEGA Pass service was momentarily down. 
  
 "Sorry, the website is temporarily unavailable due to Maintenance work," one message says. "We will be up and running again soon!" 
  
 SEGA advertises its privacy measures on a banner at the bottom of its website, which reads "ESRB Privacy Certified". The banner links to a privacy statement, which touts user information safeguards including "the storage of data on secure servers or computers inaccessible by modem." 
  
 In April hackers stole personal user information from SONY's PlayStation Network, which had some 70 million subscribers at the time. Hackers later broke into Sony Pictures website, compromising the accounts of over 1 million users. 
  
 SEGA creates games that play on SONY's PlayStation as well as on other gaming systems. 
  
 Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report. ||||| Video game developer Sega said that its online database has been hacked, making it the latest in a string of games companies to be attacked. 
  
 The company sent an email to users of the Sega Pass system on Friday to warn them that email addresses, dates of birth and encrypted passwords had been stolen from online database. 
  
 The email stressed that no financial information was at risk and that it has launched a probe into the extent of the breach. It is not immediately clear how many users were affected. 
  
 "Please note that no personal payment information was stored by Sega as we use external payment providers, meaning your payment details were not at risk from this intrusion," the company said. 
  
 The company says it had taken its Sega Pas system offline and all users' passwords have been reset. 
  
 The security breach came after Sony Corp. and Nintendo suffered similar attacks by hackers. 
  
 In April, Sony's Playstation Network was the victim of a huge security breach that affected more than 100 million online accounts. The company suffered a second data breach earlier this month. 
  
 The hackers' group that claimed credit for the Sony attack, Lulz Security, had also said it was responsible for the recent breaches of the U.S. Senate computer system and the CIA website. 
  
 The group did not appear to be responsible for the Sega intrusion. It said on Twitter Friday that it wanted to help Sega "destroy the hackers" that attacked it. |||||
What is a summary?