Write some highlights for the following article:

This incredible map shows how Americans have quit smoking over the past 40 years because of higher taxes on tobacco  and an increased awareness about the dangers of lighting up. The map, created by Metric Maps used data from an annual report on the tax burden of tobacco prepared by the Federation of Tax Administrators, to show the decline on a state-by-state basis. It shows how  Americans consumed an average of 125 packs of cigarettes a year between the late 1950s and the late 1980s. But today that figure has fallen to just 46 packs of cigarettes per capita every year. The sharp decline in the numbers of  smokers appears to reflect a change in our attitudes to the habit, according to a researcher. 'It's a shift in social norms,' Brian King, report author  for the Center for Disease Control and Prevention said. 'People no longer see smoking around non-smokers as socially acceptable behaviour.' In 1970, residents in all but two states smoked more than 90 packs of cigarettes a year, according to The Washington Post. By 2012, residents of just three states — Kentucky, West Virginia and New Hampshire — smoked that much. Out of fashion: A researcher suggested that there has been a shift in 'social norms' over smoking. The decline in smoking is, in part, due to the taxes that all 50 states and the District of Columbia levy on packs of cigarettes and other tobacco products. But this wasn't always the case. In 1921, Iowa instituted the first tobacco tax. That year, the state collected $324,000 in taxes. North Carolina was the last state to hold off from implementing a tax and levied its first tax on cigarettes of just 2 cents a pack, in 1969. Today, taxes continue to rise steadily. Revenue: The revenue generated from cigarette sales was $126 million for New York City alone, more than a quarter of the total city and county tax generated across the country. In the Big Apple the levies are $4.35 tax on cigarettes. In four other states — Connecticut, Hawaii, Rhode Island and Washington —it is $3 extra per pack. North Carolina has bolstered its taxes, to 45 cents a pack – despite being a tobacco producing state. And whilst cigarette smoking has declined, taxes have increased at such a dramatic rate that tax income continues to rise. The revenue generated from cigarette sales was $126 million for New York City alone, more than a quarter of the total city and county tax generated across the country. Taxes make up more than half the price of an average pack of cigarettes in Connecticut, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Washington and the District, according to the Federation of Tax Administrators' report. On average, taxes make up just over 44 percent of the price of a pack nationwide. In 2012, states collected more than $18.2 billion in tobacco tax revenue. Utah has always been one of the cleaner-living states where residents strayed away from smoking. Even near peak cigarette use in the 1970s, Utah residents were smoking 66 packs per capita, the lowest rate in the country. Today they consume just 23 packs per capita, lower than any state other than Washington and New York. However, health experts still want more to be done to prevent deaths from second hand smoke which kills an estimated 41,000 non-smokers annually in homes where smokers live. Find out more about Metric Maps here: https://twitter.com/MetricMaps/media.