Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Steve Nolan. PUBLISHED:. 08:16 EST, 1 August 2013. |. UPDATED:. 08:46 EST, 1 August 2013. They are perhaps the most photographed band in music history with their domination of the charts in the 1960s documented by thousands of pictures. But a set of 34 unpublished pictures of the Beatles is set to go under the hammer after it was discovered on an undeveloped film left in cameras belonging to the band's official photographer. The photos were taken by Derek Cooper over a 13 year period and feature the Fab Four in their days starting out at Liverpool's Cavern Club up to their acrimonious break up in 1970. Unseen: A collection of 34 unseen Beatles pictures will go under the hammer in Wolverhampton later this month. Classic: The collection features this shot of the Beatles filming the music video to their 1967 song Your Mother Should Know. Iconic: The Beatles pictured onstage in their Sergeant Pepper days in the mid 1960s. Onstage: Ringo Starr is pictured suited and booted playing the drums, left, while John Lennon and George Harrison are pictured in action, right. The collection features the band at a studio photoshoot, filming the video to A Day In The Life in 1967 and appearing a guest judges on BBC show Jukebox Jury. Mr Cooper, who enjoyed unrivaled photographic access to the the band from their earliest days, left the cameras to his childhood friend Tony Burke when he died in 1983. But Mr Burke was unaware that the cameras contained film and left them gathering dust in his loft for more than a decade. When he eventually developed the film, he discovered that they contained 34 unseen pictures which were turned into prints. Early fame: The Beatles pictured appearing on BBC show Jukebox Jury in late 1963. Behind the scenes: The Fab Four are pictured at a studio photoshoot. Photo opportunity: These women look delighted to be posing with the Beatles in this picture which is part of the collection. Looking smart: The Beatles pictured with Brian Epstein (far right) at an awards ceremony in 1964. They are expected to fetch more than £2,000 when they go under the hammer at Wolverhampton auctioneers Cuttlestones later this month. Tom Waldron, sale room manager at Cuttlestones, said: 'We are honoured to have the opportunity to sell such a rare collection. 'Due to the band’s massive fame most images of them have been extensively reproduced so when these negatives were originally discovered it was a real treasure trove. 'You won’t find these images anywhere else in the world - they are completely unique. 'Beatlemania is still very much alive. and the market for Beatles memorabilia is as good as it has ever. been.They epitomised the sixties and their music is still relevant. today. 'The photos cover. everything from their humble beginnings at the Cavern to their. psychedelic days before the band split. The collection is. all-encompassing.' Height of fame: The Beatles pictured in their psychedelic stage during the 1960s. A day in the park: The Beatles (left - right) Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, John Lennon and George Harrison (crouched) pictured at London's Chiswick Park around 1966. Unique: Many of the images are unseen shots from studio photo shoots. Two of the shots featured in the collection show John Lennon, Ringo Starr and Paul McCartney pictured on the beach, left, and Lennon seen on stage, right.

Highlights: