News article:

Bee Anantatho was very proud when her restaurant, Thailicious in Edgewater, received a $1,088 tip from a customer this weekend. She and her husband, Surachai Surabotsopon, emigrated from Bangkok to Colorado about five years ago, and opened their Thai restaurant — which specializes in Bangkok-style Thai cuisine — a few years ago. They’ve been steadily building a loyal fan base, and the eye-popping tip seemed to validate their venture. 
  
 “I think this is a big thing,” she said shortly after one of her waiters received the surprising tip. 
  
 She heard about it when the server who cleared the table picked up the checkbook, where customers usually put extra money for tips when they pay in cash. 
  
 The server brought it straight to her, and she consulted with her staff to clarify the situation. Even though they put tips in a jar to share among the servers, Anantatho remembers the reaction of the waiter who’d served the man. 
  
 “He said he’d read a lot of stories like this, but usually the tip is a couple hundred dollars, not $1,000,” she said. “He was so happy.” 
  
 Relying on her instincts as a business owner, Anantatho told her crew they should hold on to the money, just in case he came back. 
  
 And he did, the very next day, the moment the restaurant opened. 
  
 “He said, ‘I’m sorry, I was drunk,’ ” she said. “He didn’t know he put all the money he had in the checkbook.” 
  
 Some of the bills were $100 bills, and she suspected he might have thought they were $1 bills. 
  
 She gave the money back to him, and he gave her $100 to cover the dinner, about $60, and the rest for a tip. 
  
 Although disappointed for her staff, which thought it had earned a major tip, she’s content with the way she handled an embarrassing situation, making it easy for the customer. 
  
 “I think he will come back,” she said. ||||| People can be extra generous when they're drunk, and extra regretful when they're sober. 
  
 Bee Anantatho owns a popular Thai restaurant, Thailicious, in Edgewater, Colorado. Thailicious has been in the neighborhood for several years, and the restaurant's customers have reportedly always been loyal. This weekend, one of the restaurant's customers decided to show off his gratitude — by leaving $1,088 as a tip. 
  
 "I think this is a big thing," Anantatho said after hearing of the tip. 
  
 The server who received the tip brought it to Anantatho and wanted to put it in the tip jar, where all the waitstaff shares their tips. 
  
 "He said he’d read a lot of stories like this, but usually the tip is a couple hundred dollars, not $1,000,” Anantatho said of the waiter to The Denver Post. "He was so happy." 
  
 Happy — but only for so long. Anantatho encouraged her staff to hold onto the tip in case the customer returned. Which he did, the next day, full of regrets. 
  
 "He said, ‘I’m sorry, I was drunk,'" Anantatho said. "He didn’t know he put all the money he had in the checkbook.” 
  
 Some of the $100 bills the customer put down, Anantatho said, the customer thought were $1 bills. 
  
 That must have been one hell of a drunken noodle. 
  
 The customer left Anantatho $100 — $60 for the meal, and another $40 for the tip. 
  
 She thinks he'll return. Though the servers might not be so welcoming. 
  
 Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. 
  
  
  
  |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?