Q: With both Demetrius and Lysander pursuing her, Helena becomes angry. Because Lysander's love for Hermia was so great and Demetrius had been wooing her in accordance with her father's wishes, Helena believes that they are cruelly mocking her. When Hermia returns to the scene, Helena accuses her of being part of the joke. Hermia feels betrayed by the accusation and asserts that she would never hurt her friend that way. Accusations and challenges fly between Lysander and Demetrius and between Helena and Hermia. Hermia now thinks the two swains prefer Helena because she is taller and offers to fight Helena. Helena asks for protection because Hermia was a scrapper in their younger years, saying, "And though she be but little, she is fierce."

Who says though she be little she is fierce?
A: Helena. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: Helena asks for protection because Hermia was a scrapper in their younger years, saying, "And though she be but little, she is fierce."

Q: Many languages are spoken, or historically have been spoken, in the United States. Today over 350 languages are used by the U.S. population. The most commonly used language is English (specifically, American English), which is the de facto national language of the United States. Since the 1965 Immigration Act, Spanish is the second most common language in the country. The United States does not have an official language, but 32 state governments out of 50 have declared English to be one, or the only, official language. The government of Louisiana offers services and most documents in both English and French, as does New Mexico in English and Spanish. The government of Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, operates almost entirely in Spanish, even though its official languages are Spanish and English. There are many languages indigenous to North America or to U.S. states or holdings in the Pacific region. Hawaiian, although having few native speakers, is an official language along with English of the state of Hawaii. Alaska officializes English and twenty native languages.

Answer this question: number of languages spoken in the united states?
A: over 350. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: Today over 350 languages are used by the U.S. population.

Q: Peter Gardner Ostrum (/ ˈoʊstrəm /; born November 1, 1957) is an American veterinarian and former child actor whose only film role was as Charlie Bucket in the 1971 motion picture Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.

Answer this question: who played the little boy in willy wonka?
A: Peter Gardner Ostrum. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: Peter Gardner Ostrum (/ ˈoʊstrəm /; born November 1, 1957) is an American veterinarian and former child actor whose only film role was as Charlie Bucket in the 1971 motion picture Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.

Q: The Eastern Idaho region grows most of Idaho's potato crop, making it one of the world's most productive potato-growing areas. Barley for beer production is also significant. Several major breweries, including Coors, Anheuser-Busch and Mexico's Grupo Modelo have barley producing operations in the area. Sugar beets, alfalfa and wheat are also major crops. There are also many cattle ranches for raising beef.

Answer this question based on the passage: where are most of the potatoes grown in idaho?
A: