Write highlights for this article:

By. Lawrence Conway. PUBLISHED:. 03:30 EST, 1 June 2012. |. UPDATED:. 03:46 EST, 1 June 2012. Deal: Boaz Weinstein is to pay $25.5 million for the Fifth Avenue apartment once owned by Huguette Clark. A U.S. finance guru who bet against JP Morgan Chase is paying $25.5million for an apartment once owned by the eccentric copper heiress Hugette Clark. Boaz Weinstein, who profited when the bank lost at least $2 billion, is paying $25.5 million for the apartment in New York's Fifth Avenue. Weinstein recently won approval from the picky co-op board at the Fifth Avenue block to go ahead with his multi-million dollar buy. 'The deal is done,' an insider told the New York Post. 'He was approved by the co-op board, which loved him. They are a lovely family. A lovely, rich family.' Mr Weinstein married his wife, Tali, in 2010. Reclusive Mrs Clark, who was 104. years old when she died last year, had not lived in the apartments for. decades. But she kept her enormous $3 million doll collection at the. prestigious address. The 5,000 square. foot, 12th floor, 14-room pre-war apartment that overlooks Central Park was listed by brokers Brown Harris Stevens at $24 million. Weinstein, the head of Saba Capital. Management, runs a $5.5 billion fund and began negotiating for the. apartment as soon as it came on the market in March. Offer: The top floor unit in Fifth Avenue was listed by brokers Brown Harris Stevens at $24 million in March, but looks set to go for $25.5 million. A source said to the New York Post Weinstein loves the 12th-floor apartment’s 'unique layout', the high ceilings and stunning views of Central Park. Huguette. Clark died. in May last year with an estimated fortune of $400 million. She had. spent most of the final days at a New York hospital checked in under a. pseudonym. Famously reclusive: Mrs Clark was 104-years-old when she died and had not lived in any of the apartments for decades but kept her enormous doll collection at the prestigious address. Two other co-op apartments on the eighth floor of the same Fifth Avenue building that she also owned remain on the market. There have been no offers on them since the co-op board turned down the prime minister of Qatar and his $31.5 million offer, sources said. Spacious: A floor plan shows the sold 12th floor apartment, which measures 5,000 square foot. The board had security concerns regarding his massive entourage and diplomatic immunity, the sources said. The. other two apartments Mrs Clark owned in the building are available for $19 million and. $12 million respectively. Known as apartments 8W and 8E - 8W has a view of Central Park and is described as the most liveable, while 8E does not and is described as the plainest. Wealthy family: Huguette (right) is pictured as an 11-year-old with her father and sister Andree in this 1917 photo. When she was alive the three apartments cost the Montana copper heiress $28,500 a month in co-op fees, or $342,000 a year. As well as the Fifth Avenue apartments,. the heiress owned two other mansions across the United States in Santa. Barbara, California and New Canaan, Connecticut. The property in Connecticut at 104. Dans Highway was re-listed in February of this year with Christie's. International Real Estate for $19.8 million. Huge wealth: Clark had never visited her Le Beau Château mansion in wealthy New Canaan, Connecticut.

Highlights: