Kasia Rivera, 37, (pictured in 2012) from New Jersey, is facing new charges of illegally injecting silicone into a woman's buttocks and breasts. A bogus cosmetic surgeon, who allegedly fatally injected a man with silicone during a penis enlargement procedure, is facing new charges. Kasia Rivera, 37, from East Orange, New Jersey, had been due in court on February 27 on charges of reckless manslaughter and the unauthorized practice of medicine relating to the death of 22-year-old Justin Street in 2011. However new charges were brought against Rivera on Tuesday after she allegedly illegally injected a woman with silicone. Rivera, who had been out on bail on the manslaughter charge, was take into custody on Tuesday after the judge raised her bond to $200,000, NJ.com reported. If she is released at a later date, Judge Ronald Wigler told her: 'You are not to commit any new crimes whatsoever. You are not to inject anybody with any kind of needle.' The bogus surgeon was arrested in December 2011 following the death of Mr Street who attended a 'pumping party' at her East Orange home. It has been alleged that Rivera injected silicone into the 22-year-old's penis. Mr Street suffered a clot to the lungs owing to a a silicone embolism and authorities believe Rivera administered similar black market injections to other unsuspecting customers. The 22-year-old's death, the day after he received the injection, was ruled a homicide following an investigation. In the new case, Rivera has been charged with the unauthorized practice of medicine after she allegedly injected silicone into a woman's buttocks and breasts at least four times. Rivera, 37, appeared on Wednesday (pictured)  in a Newark courtroom with her attorney, Olubukola Adetula, and Essex County Assistant Prosecutor William Neafsey. The illegal injections came to light after a 17-year-old girl was hospitalized due to a silicone injection. Another woman, 35-year-old Alexis Patterson, is accused of injecting the teenager and has been held on aggravated assault and the unauthorized practice of medicine charges on $100,000 bail. Separately Rivera was charged in December with giving false information to a police officer and possessing a stun gun. Justin Street, 22, died after receiving an illegal silicone injection in a penis enlargement procedure in 2011. According to nj,com, Essex County Assistant Prosecutor William Neafsey said on Tuesday: 'She's continuing to do these acts.' Silicon injections are used to enlarge body parts such as the buttocks or breasts. The only cosmetic use for non-encapsulated medical silicone approved by the FDA is Botox, for injection around the eyes. However black-market illegal use by untrained practitioners continues as a quick-fix budget alternative to cosmetic surgery. Doctors have said the slow economy has also fueled the trade in illegal silicone injections. In some cases, silicone can migrate through the bloodstream, resulting in a potentially fatal clot in the heart, brain or lungs. The silicone can also migrate through tissue leaving disfigured lumps. There is also no guarantee of medical-grade silicon at so-called 'pumping parties' cosmetic events held in homes, offices and even motel rooms. Industrial-grade silicone purchased at hardware stores is sometimes used as are toxic substitutes such as castor oil, mineral oil and petroleum jelly.

What are highlight points for this article?