Instructions: In this task, you are given a text of many news articles seperated by special token "|||||". Your task is to summarize them.
Input: Britney Spears bravely agrees to release un-airbrushed images of herself next to the digitally-altered versions 
  
  
  
 Celebrities, and the industry around them, are often accused of producing images that affect young people's body image. 
  
 Which is why it's so refreshing to see one of the world's most famous pop stars allowing all of their imperfections to be highlighted. 
  
 Britney Spears has allowed the pre-airbrushed images from a shoot she took part in for fashion firm Candie's to be used ALONGSIDE the digitally-altered ones, so people can see the difference. 
  
 Brave move: Britney Spears has allowed airbrushed images from her shoot to be released along with the original raw photos which show all her imperfections 
  
  
  
 The 29-year-old singer made the extraordinary move in order to highlight the pressure exerted on women to look perfect. 
  
 In the first shot, she is seen facing the camera with her arms behind her back. 
  
 Imperfections that can be clearly seen in the un-airbrushed shot include blemishes on her calf, her larger thighs and, if you look really closely, you can see her feet have dry skin on them. 
  
 The airbrushed pictures, however, tell a different story with a slimmed-down waist and flawless, skinny legs. 
  
 Meanwhile, in the second picture, she is seen from the back - in the un-airbrushed shot she has areas of cellulite on the back of her thighs, a tattoo on her lower back (sometimes called a 'tramp stamp') is clearly visible and her backside is a little out of shape. 
  
 However, in the altered photo all of these imperfections have been wiped out - and she appears to have a pert rear, unrealistically smooth skin, slimmer legs and the tattoo has vanished. 
  
 Shaping up: The pop star's whole body has been trimmed down with the use of a computer, even down to removing a tattoo on her back 
  
  
  
 A source told the Daily Mirror newspaper: 'Britney is proud of her body - imperfections and all.' 
  
 Of the experience, the singer told press: 'I had so much fun shooting the Candies for Kohl's campaign. My favorite set-up was against the gigantic wall of pink cotton candy.' ||||| First she was Unplugged - now it's Britney Spears Untouched. 
  
 The singer has refused to allow her latest ad campaign to be airbrushed. 
  
 Stunning Britney, 28, insisted none of her shots for US-based fashion firm Candie's should be digitally enhanced. 
  
 But she agreed for re-touched versions to be released simultaneously - highlighting the pressure on women to look perfect. 
  
 Advertisement - article continues below » 
  
 In the "raw" pictures, bruises are visible on her calf, her thighs are larger and dimpled with cellulite, and dry skin is evident on her feet. 
  
 In the airbrushed images her waist is slimmer and her legs flawless. 
  
 A source said: "Britney is proud of her body - imperfections and all." 
  
  
  
 Win 1 of 10 pairs of tickets to Grand Designs Live London 2010 with Mirror.co.uk 
  
  
  
 Cheap concert tickets are now available to see the top acts performing live in the UK. Find Noel Gallagher tickets, X Factor Live tickets, Lady GaGa tickets, Flight of the Conchords tickets, JLS tickets and Westlife tickets at the cheapest prices with Mirror Tickets. |||||
Output: