Summarize this article:

Encourage your partner to avoid sleeping on their back. This can make snoring worse by putting pressure on your partner's diaphragm. Some have recommended sleeping with something uncomfortable, like a tennis ball, sewn into the back of a shirt.  This will make it awkward for your partner to sleep on their back and forces them to sleep in another way. Being overweight is a common cause of snoring.  The extra weight affects the lungs and neck, making airflow blocked or strained during sleep.  Being overweight is not always a cause of snoring, however, it does increase the probability that snoring will occur.  Excess body fat will increase the chances of developing sleep apnea.  Changing aspects of  a lifestyle, such as losing weight, are usually recommended starting points to stop snoring.  Have your partner ask your doctor for more information on how you can best lose weight. Nasal strips are an over-the-counter method of improving airflow through the nose.  The nasal strip works by slightly pulling open, and keeping open, the nostrils.  The improved airflow will help reduce snoring.  Falling asleep with the nasal strip on may be unusual at first.  Continued use will help your partner get used to the nasal strip. These strips won't be helpful to anyone suffering from sleep apnea because sleep apnea is caused by collapsed soft tissues in the back of the throat. Alcohol consumption and smoking can affect the throat and respiratory systems.  Have your partner reduce the use of either to help prevent snoring from occurring.  Alcohol causes the neck and tongue to relax which can obstruct airflow. Never drink alcohol right before sleep as this will make snoring worse. Smoking damages the throat and respiratory system.  By reducing the amount your partner smokes, the chances of snoring occurring will also be reduced. Remember that snoring is a symptom of some other issue.  Have your partner visit your doctor to determine exactly what the cause of their snoring may be.  Examine the following list of possibilities to get an idea of what to expect:  Nasal blockages.  This may be due to chronic congestion or the configuration of your nasal passages, such as a deviated septum. Untreated allergies.  Allergies can produce swelling of tissue in the nose and throat, as well as cause mucus production that can make breathing difficult. Obstructive sleep apnea.  Sleep apnea is a potentially serious medical condition that your doctor will want to address.  This occurs when your throat tissue blocks your airway and prevents breathing entirely. If other options have not put an end to the snoring, ask your doctor about surgical options.  Depending on your partners situation, there are a few different surgeries that may be recommend by your doctor:  If your partners palate is the cause of their snoring, their doctor may recommend palatal implants.  These are strands of polyester filament that are placed within the soft palate the mouth, which stiffen and prevent snoring. Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty (UPPP) may be recommended if your partner has excess or loose tissue in or around the throat.  By removing and tightening this tissue, this cause of snoring is eliminated. Laser and radio/sonic based treatments can also be used to shrink any excessive amounts of tissue in the throat.  These are both outpatient procedures and are not as invasive as traditional surgery.