How might one describe the sentiment of this review?
Unsanitary, unsafe and extraordinarily shady and dishonest.    Sherry's Pampered Pets should be shut down.  We used Sherry's for boarding for about 1 1/2 years. Two very disturbing incidents led us to stop.  First--we asked to use their restroom.  When we first started going to Sherry's we asked to tour the facilities. We were told that due to liability issues, they could not give us a tour, but we could look at the play areas through the outside windows.  We thought this was a little strange since every single other kennel we've ever been to was willing (and wanted) to give us a tour. We figured we had no reason not to trust them so we accepted their excuse. Fast forward 1 1/2 years-- I desperately needed to use a restroom.  They didn't want to let me use it at first, but I told them it was an emergency and they let me. Quickly learned why they did not want to let me back there or give customers tours of the facilities.  The closed off area, that they don't want customers touring, is unbelievably, phenomenally filthy. And that's an understatement. I have never seen a dirtier restroom in even the seediest, filthiest truck stop gas station I have ever been to.  More importantly--they had stacks of kennels that looked like they came from a puppy mill.  They only place i have ever seen such dirty kennels and such a filthy facility is in those gut-wrenching puppy mill videos you see on SPCA or PETA.  It should be criminal to be running such a disgustingly filthy boarding operation.  Second--We went on an extended vacation (about two weeks). When we returned, our dog looked very tired and skinny.  The owner's sister (the older lady with the tattoos) informed us that our dog had not been eating anything for almost the entire stay at the kennel and she had consistent diarrhea for same amount of time.  We asked her if they made any attempt to call us or a veterinarian and she confirmed that nobody from Sherry's Pampered Pets did so at any time. At least 1-2 weeks of diarrhea and lack of appetite and not a single person at Sherry's bothers to call us or take our dog to a vet. We confirmed this story 3 times with this lady (because we were so shocked and could not believe the level of neglect). Short of our dog dying, I can not think of a much more extreme case of kennel negligence.  This situation should be (and possibly is) criminal neglect.    We returned to Sherry's within a few days to speak with Sherry.  When we did, her sister had completely changed her story (or so Sherry says).  Sherry claimed that her sister told her that our dog was sick for only the last 1-2 days of boarding. We asked Sherry to bring her sister out so we could confront her with her lie and Sherry refused.  Sherry's adult daughter then got in our face, yelling at us for "accusing" her aunt of lying (which she blatantly did). Needless to say, Sherry refused to refund our money or pay or veterinarian bills.  Short of our dog dying, we could not think of a more egregious, disturbing situation of animal neglect by a boarding kennel.  Not only did Sherry's completely violate our trust, they abusively (and possibly criminally) neglected our dog.  I really can not find the words to express how phenomenally disgusted and outraged we were over this case of extraordinary dishonesty, abuse and disturbing conduct by Sherry, her sister and her daughter.