In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Use a straight razor blade or a craft knife to remove any threading that may be surrounding the rod guide. If it’s difficult to remove using just a blade, then try heating the area for 3-4 seconds with a lighter to loosen any of the adhesives. Peel off the tape and unwind the threading until the old, broken guide comes off of the rod.  Rod guides are the circular metal pieces along the length of the rod that help keep your line straight. Be careful not to heat the rod for too long since it could cause damage to it. Don’t cut into the rod with your razor, or else you could damage it and make it weaker. Use 120- or 220-grit sandpaper to get rid of any leftover adhesive and to add tooth to the rod. Rub all the way around the rod on the spot where you want to place the new guide. Then, use your sandpaper on the foot of the guide, which is the flat part that rests against the fishing rod. You can buy new fishing guides at sporting good stores. Make sure the new guide is the same size and style as the other guides on your fishing rod or else your line may snag or get tangled. Press the foot of the new guide onto the rod so it’s in line with the other guides. Rip off a thin piece of masking tape and wrap it around the foot so it’s held in place. That way, you don’t need to keep holding it in place while you wrap it. You can also use super glue, but it will be difficult to move or readjust once the glue is set. Any type of thread will work for wrapping your guide onto the rod. Loop your threading around the rod so it’s  1⁄2–3⁄4 inch (1.3–1.9 cm) from the guide’s foot on the side closest to the handle. Maintain tension on the loop and start tightly winding the thread around the rod. Make sure the thread doesn’t overlap with loops you’ve already made and that they are flush with one another. Take the piece of tape off of the foot you’ve wrapped everything below it. When your wrapping is 1⁄8 inch (0.32 cm) from the circular part of the guide, stop winding the thread around the pole. Cut a separate piece of thread so it’s about 6 inches (15 cm) long and fold it in half to form a loop. Lay the second piece of thread on top of your wrapping so the loop sticks out near your guide. If you don’t have any other thread, you can also use a thin fishing line instead. Once the looped piece of thread is on top of the wrapping, continue spinning your thread around the foot of the guide. Continue wrapping the final 1⁄8 inch (0.32 cm) of the guide so the middle of the looped piece is held against the rod. Once you reach the end of your wrapping, cut the end of the thread you used to wrap and pull it through the middle of the loop. Pull the other end of the looped piece down and away from the guide to pull the thread underneath the wrapping. This way, the wrapping is secured to the rod without having to tie a knot. If you don’t want to use a looped piece of thread, you can also try tying a knot in the threading, but it may not be as strong and it could be more difficult. Mix the 2 parts of the epoxy in a small dish with a paintbrush until they are thoroughly combined. Paint a thin layer of the epoxy over your threading so it hardens and stays in place. Keep the rod horizontal and let it dry overnight before you try using your rod again. Work quickly with the epoxy since it will quickly start to dry and harden once you mix it.