Article: Women today have several options for menstrual hygiene, so choose what works best for your lifestyle. Tampons are the most common menstrual hygiene product for women in America because they are convenient and simple to use.  A tampon is made of absorbent cotton and is worn inside the vagina to absorb menstrual fluid as it leaves the cervix. They are available in a variety of absorbencies including light, regular, heavy, and super to coincide with the days of your flow. Tampons are disposable and are thrown away after use, and must be changed at least every eight hours. Never wear a tampon longer than eight hours or wear one that is more absorbent than you need, as this can lead to a rare but serious condition called Toxic Shock Syndrome. Disposable pads (also called sanitary towels or sanitary napkins) fit inside the underwear and come in various lengths and absorbencies. They are made of an absorbent material called cellulose and must be thrown away after use. Some women use them as back-up protection with tampons, and other women prefer pads because they are uncomfortable with inserting something in their vagina. Because they have a leak-proof plastic backing, disposable pads can trap smells more than most other hygiene options. Some women chose to purchase or make pads made of absorbent materials like cotton, Zorb, or microfiber. Cloth pads do not contain the same chemicals as disposable pads and do not have the same smell that many women notice when blood is absorbed by a disposable pad. They do require regular laundering and can be slightly bulkier than disposable pads. Menstrual cups are very popular in Europe and have recently begun gaining popularity among American women. Some menstrual cups like Softcup are disposable and inserted like a diaphragm. Reusable menstrual cups like the DivaCup or Lunette are made of medical-grade silicon and are inserted into the vagina and worn against the opening of the cervix. In both cases, the muscles of the vagina wall hold the cup in place. They can be worn for 12 hours, including while in the water or while sleeping. Because they are worn internally, they can help reduce the smell of menstrual blood during your period.  The user removes the cup every four to 12 hours, pours the collected blood into the toilet or sink, and washes the cup before reinserting. Wearing a tampon for an extended time can lead to leaks, and wearing a pad for too long can lead to odors.  During your heavy days, you may need to change it every hour or two. On light days, don't go more than three to four hours without changing it during the day. Again, never leave a tampon in for more than eight hours, even for overnight wear, and never wear a tampon that is a higher absorbency than you need to reduce your risk of TSS. Your period will most likely be regular and predictable, but sometimes "breakthrough bleeding" can occur between periods, or your period can be early. It's best to be prepared with the right supplies at all times.  Keep a tampon or pad with you in your purse, locker, and/or car for emergencies. Keep a supply of tampons or pads in your bathroom so that you won't have to run to the store when your period starts. Don't be afraid to ask a female friend for a tampon or pad if you need one. Even a stranger in the bathroom will likely be willing to help you out if you are in need.
What is a summary of what this article is about?