Here is an article:

Usman Khawaja is given out on-field, reviews the decision, but it is upheld despite the technology showing no contact. Screengrabs: Sky Sports

The Decision Review System was again under the spotlight after the opening morning of the third Ashes Test at Emirates Old Trafford.

Australia reached lunch at 92 for two but were left aggrieved after Usman Khawaja was given out by the third umpire, Kumar Dharmasena, caught behind off Graeme Swann. Khawaja almost immediately reviewed the decision by Tony Hill, the on-field umpire, to give him out and the Hot Spot technology appeared to back him up with no mark on the bat.

Dharmasena saw differently though, upholding the on-field call after a lengthy delay, in a decision branded "shocking and ridiculous" by Shane Warne in the Sky commentary.

"There was daylight between bat and ball, there was no Hot Spot and no noise," the former Australia leg-spinner said. "The only noise was when the bat hit his pad. That's a shocker, that's an absolute shocking decision. You can see the bat hitting the pad, the ball goes past, no noise. There was clear evidence there as well. That is a ridiculous decision."

I've just sat down to watch the test. That was one of the worst cricket umpiring decisions I have ever seen. KRudd

Kevin Rudd, the Australian prime minister, tweeted his reaction: "I've just sat down to watch the test. That was one of the worst cricket umpiring decisions I have ever seen."

The incident overshadowed Chris Rogers' progress to a career-best unbeaten 67, during which time the 35-year-old opener also passed 20,000 first-class runs.

England were unable to make a breakthrough in the opening hour as Australia made chanceless progress to 47 without loss. After Michael Clarke elected to bat after winning the toss the England bowlers did find some early movement. Stuart Broad snaked the ball past Shane Watson's defences from consecutive deliveries while Rogers squirted a couple of boundaries away backward of point.

Rogers was surprisingly the more fluid of the openers and produced the shot of the first hour when he pushed James Anderson through a vacant mid-off for four. England attempted to coerce an uncharacteristically circumspect Watson out of his shell with the opener loosely driving at a wide-ish Broad ball just short of point.

As the opening stand passed 50 England skipper Alastair Cook swung Anderson around to the Statham End, but Rogers greeted the move with three fours from the over to reach his half-century from 49 balls.

England got the breakthrough in the 17th over when Tim Bresnan found just enough seam movement to find Watson's edge as he pressed forward. Alastair Cook pouched the simple chance at first slip but the controversy of the morning soon followed.

And people say you should Walk .... No chance when you get decisions like that.... #Ashes

Khawaja played his part in his downfall, thrashing needlessly at a wide ball that turned further from Swann, but he appeared to have reason to feel aggrieved after the Hot Spot replay appeared to show he did not hit the ball.

Dharmasena watched over the visual images more intently, however, before sending the batsmen on his way to prompt condemnation from not only Warne but also former England skipper Michael Vaughan, who tweeted: "And people say you should Walk … No chance when you get decisions like that … #Ashes".

Write a title for it.