By. Alexandra Klausner. and Jessica Jerreat. New York is home to many stars, but it's only four times a year that its biggest sets right between the east-west streets of Manhattan's grid and turns almost all who cross its path into a paparazzi. Manhattanhenge, sometimes referred to as the Manhattan Solstice,  was scheduled to occur at 8:16 on Thursday night and a group of disappointed New Yorkers gathered to take a photo of the glistening sun. But while the sun and the grid system were perfectly aligned, the weather was not - with clouds blocking out the event. It wasn't until Friday night that onlookers were able to experience the magical moment where cosmopolitan meets cosmos at 8:19 p.m. Hundreds of people gathered all over Manhattan to witness the Manhattanhenge on Friday night. New Yorkers did everything they could to take a perfect photograph of the rare New York occurrence. The sun sat perfectly aligned behind buildings during the Manhattanhenge occurrence Friday night. The sun was radiant and in perfect view on Friday night as hundreds gathered to capture its rays. As the sun began to set completely, it did so amidst the sparking city lights that make New York 'the city that never sleeps' Some photographer attempted to take a post-modern approach to capturing the rare occurrence on Friday when the skies were clear. The term Manhattanhenge was coined in. 2002 by Neil deGrasse Tyson and is an amalgamation of Manhattan and. Stonehenge, the ancient English monument built in accordance with the. sun's path, explains Wordsense. The best. viewing on Friday night was along 14th, 23rd, 34th, 42nd and 57th streets, and along. both the Empire State and Chrysler buildings. In. a good year, Manhattan-henge lights up the city skyline with a burst of. red and orange and Friday nights spectacle was far more resilient than. the obfuscated sunset the night before. Earlier in the day on Thursday, the forecast looked. promising with clear blue skies, but as sunset drew close at 8.15pm -. and eager spectators lined the city streets - clouds obscured the sky. 'The setting sun aligns precisely with the. Manhattan street grid, creating a radiant glow of light across. Manhattan's brick and steel canyons,' Neil deGrasse Tyson, of the American Museum of Natural History, told USA Today. The spectacle lights up every cross street in Manhattan and is 'a unique urban phenomenon in the world, if not the universe', he added. Disappointed. photographers who had hoped to capture the event resorted to putting up. images of the city looking dull beneath cloudy skies. Good thing Friday night was the perfect time to view the illustrious setting sun. Sun worshipers: Crowds gather in Manhattan in the hope of watching the city light up during Manhattan-henge. Disappointment: Photographers and tourists had their hopes of seeing Manhattan-henge dashed when clouds obscured the sky. Determined: A tourist holds their camera above the crowd in the hope that the sun would break through the clouds. Fading fast: As the time of the sunset came and went, those who had gathered for Manhattan-henge realized they had missed it. Planning: A woman gets in position on 42nd Street in the hope that the clouds would leave before the sun sets. Ready: A group of friends wait on the grass in Bryant Park in the hope of seeing Manhattan-henge on Thursday but only saw cloudy skies.
Summarize the highlights of this article.