Ques & Ans: Passage: The Comedy Company premiered many famous characters such as Con the Fruiterer, Kylie Mole, Col'n Carpenter, Uncle Arthur and David Rabbitborough. Some of these characters still remain minor Australian icons. Con the Fruiterer, one of the more popular characters appears even to this day on a variety of shows, as does his wife Marika. Comedian Kym Gyngell also created a spin-off series called Col'n Carpenter (1990 -- 1991) based on his character of the same name. Kylie Mole was also featured in the second series of the ABC's Kittson Fahey (1993). Notably, Glenn Robbins often did public appearances as Uncle Arthur and on The Panel he often referenced The Comedy Company by periodically slipping in and out of the character, as well as appearing in full costume as Arthur for The Panel Christmas Special in 2005.

Question: Based on this passage, who played uncle arthur in the comedy company?
Glenn Robbins
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information is: Notably, Glenn Robbins often did public appearances as Uncle Arthur and on The Panel he often referenced The Comedy Company by periodically slipping in and out of the character, as well as appearing in full costume as Arthur for The Panel Christmas Special in 2005.

Ques & Ans: In the Canada, a car title loan, is a type of secured loan where borrowers can use their vehicle title as collateral. Borrowers who get title loans must allow a lender to place a lien on their car title, and temporarily surrender the hard copy of their vehicle title, in exchange for a loan amount. When the loan is repaid, the lien is removed and the car title is returned to its owner. If the borrower defaults on their payments then the lender is liable to repossess the vehicle and sell it to repay the borrowers' outstanding debt.

What is a title loan on a car?
a type of secured loan where borrowers can use their vehicle title as collateral
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information to answer the above question is: In the Canada, a car title loan, is a type of secured loan where borrowers can use their vehicle title as collateral.

Ques & Ans: Mount Everest, the highest mountain peak in the world, is located in Nepal. Mountaineering and other types of adventure tourism and ecotourism are important attractions for visitors. The world heritage site Lumbini, birthplace of Gautama Buddha, is located in the south of the West region of Nepal (which despite the name is located in the centre of the country) and there are other important religious pilgrimage sites throughout the country. The tourist industry is seen as a way to alleviate poverty and achieve greater social equity in the country. Tourism brings $471 ma year to Nepal.

Answer this question: how much money does tourism bring to nepal?
$471 ma year
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information is: Tourism brings $471 ma year to Nepal.

Ques & Ans: Since the Supreme Court was established in 1789, 17 persons have served as chief justice. The first was John Jay (1789 -- 1795). The current chief justice is John Roberts (since 2005). Four -- Edward Douglass White, Charles Evans Hughes, Harlan Fiske Stone, and William Rehnquist -- were previously confirmed for associate justice and subsequently confirmed for chief justice separately.

Answer this question based on the passage: who is the chief justice of the u.s. supreme court?
John Roberts
Stream of consciousness: