Information:  - Ubisoft Entertainment SA (formerly Ubi Soft Entertainment Software until 2003, commonly referred to as Ubisoft) is a French multinational video game publisher, headquartered in Rennes, France. It is known for developing games for several acclaimed video game franchises including "Assassin's Creed", "Far Cry", "Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon", "Just Dance", "Rainbow Six", "Prince of Persia", "Rayman", "Watch Dogs" and "Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell".  - Michel Ancel (born March 29, 1972) is a French video game designer for Ubisoft. He is best known for creating the "Rayman" franchise, for which he was the lead designer for the first two games, and the recent "Rayman Origins" and its sequel "Rayman Legends". He is also known for the cult hit video game "Beyond Good & Evil" and for the video game adaptation of Peter Jackson's "King Kong". He is currently working on a sequel to "Beyond Good & Evil" with a small team of developers, using development tools specially designed to make game development more accessible to a greater audience.  - Rayman is a platform video game series created by Michel Ancel and owned by Ubisoft. The original "Rayman" was a 2D sprite-based platformer similar to those of the 16-bit era. The series centers on a limbless humanoid named Rayman. "" moved the series into 3D, and added more variety to the gameplay with new actions such as being pulled through a marsh by a snake, riding a rocket, and the ability to temporarily swim in water. "" kept the same core platforming of "Rayman 2", but added timed power ups and had a bigger emphasis on combat. The handheld entries in the series have remained similar to the sprite-based original in gameplay in that they are mostly 2D; "" and "" are the only exceptions to this, as both are ports of "Rayman 2".  - This article is about the multimedia franchise . For the video game , see Rayman Raving Rabbids . Raving Rabbids is a video game franchise spin off from the Rayman series , which consists mainly of party games , though also includes some platform games and a fighting game . The series focuses on large , crazy rabbits known as Rabbids , who like to cause havoc and mischief and yell `` BWAAAH ! '' whenever they experience adrenaline rushes . Though they were initially shown as part of the Rayman series of games , the popularity of the characters , aided by various viral videos and media appearances , led Raving Rabbids to become its own separate franchise , dropping the Rayman name as of 2009 's Rabbids Go Home . The Rabbids have made several appearances in non-Rayman games as well , such as Red Steel , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Smash - Up , Tom Clancy 's Splinter Cell : Conviction , Assassin 's Creed IV : Black Flag , and Watch Dogs . The song `` Here Comes the Hotstepper '' in Just Dance 2 includes a Rabbid who attempts to dance with the choreographer . There has also been a Raving Rabbids themed version of the card game Jungle Speed , which was released in France , a TV show and a feature film , that is under development . As of April 2014 , the series had sold over 14 million units worldwide .    'raving rabbids' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'instance of'?  Choices: - cell  - cult  - dance  - emphasis  - entertainment  - era  - franchise  - march  - marsh  - riding  - rocket  - sequel  - series  - software  - video  - video game  - video game series  - water
A: