Q: An eternity ring, also known as an infinity ring, is a lady's ring, worn on the hand, comprising a band of precious metal (usually gold) set with a continuous line of identically cut gemstones (usually diamonds) to symbolize never-ending love, usually given by a husband to his wife on the occasion of a significant anniversary, typically after 10 years of marriage date Because the presence of stones all the way round the eternity ring can make it cumbersome to wear, the alternative is to have the stones across the face of the ring only. This is sometimes referred to as a "half-eternity" ring rather than a "full" eternity ring.

Answer this question: when does a husband buy an eternity ring?
A: on the occasion of a significant anniversary , typically after 10 years of marriage date. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: An eternity ring, also known as an infinity ring, is a lady's ring, worn on the hand, comprising a band of precious metal (usually gold) set with a continuous line of identically cut gemstones (usually diamonds) to symbolize never-ending love, usually given by a husband to his wife on the occasion of a significant anniversary, typically after 10 years of marriage date Because the presence of stones all the way round the eternity ring can make it cumbersome to wear, the alternative is to have the stones across the face of the ring only.

Q: "Do n't You (Forget About Me)" is a 1985 pop song performed by Scottish rock band Simple Minds. The song is best known for being played during the opening and closing credits of the John Hughes film The Breakfast Club. It was written and composed by producer Keith Forsey and Steve Schiff, the latter of whom was a guitarist and songwriter from the Nina Hagen band.

Answer this question based on the passage: who sings don't you forget about me from the breakfast club?
A: Simple Minds. How to explain the answer? The relevant information is: "Do n't You (Forget About Me)" is a 1985 pop song performed by Scottish rock band Simple Minds.

Q: Passage: The Simpsons: Hit & Run is a Grand Theft Auto clone action-adventure video game developed by Radical Entertainment and published by Vivendi Universal Games, for GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows. It is based on the American animated sitcom The Simpsons, and is the twenty-second installment in the Simpsons series. It was released on September 16, 2003.

Question: Based on this passage, when was premiere of simpson hit and run?
A: September 16 , 2003. How to explain the answer? This is the relevant information: It was released on September 16, 2003.

Q: Context: On February 7, 1973, the United States Senate voted 77-to-0 to approve Senate Resolution S. Res. 60 and establish a select committee to investigate Watergate, with Sam Ervin named chairman the next day. The hearings held by the Senate committee, in which Dean and other former administration officials testified, were broadcast from May 17 to August 7, 1973. The three major networks of the time agreed to take turns covering the hearings live, each network thus maintaining coverage of the hearings every third day, starting with ABC on May 17 and ending with NBC on August 7. An estimated 85 % of Americans with television sets tuned into at least one portion of the hearings.

Question: who was the head of the senate committee that began hearings to investigate the watergate break-in?
A: