Question: Information:  - The prince-electors (or simply electors) of the Holy Roman Empire ((), pl. "Kurfürsten", ) were the members of the electoral college of the Holy Roman Empire.  - The pope (from "pappas", a child's word for "father") is the Bishop of Rome and, therefore, the leader of the worldwide Catholic Church. The primacy of the Roman bishop is largely derived from his role as the traditional successor to Saint Peter, to whom Jesus is supposed to have given the keys of Heaven and the powers of "binding and loosing", naming him as the "rock" upon which the church would be built. The current pope is Francis, who was elected on 13 March 2013, succeeding Benedict XVI.  - An emperor (through Old French "empereor" from ) is a monarch, usually the sovereign ruler of an empire or another type of imperial realm. Empress, the female equivalent, may indicate an emperor's wife ("empress consort"), mother ("empress dowager"), or a woman who rules in her own right ("empress regnant"). Emperors are generally recognized to be of a higher honour and rank than kings. In Europe the title of Emperor was, since the Middle Ages, considered equal or almost equal in dignity to that of Pope, due to the latter's position as visible head of the Church and spiritual leader of Western Europe. The Emperor of Japan is the only currently reigning monarch whose title is translated into English as "Emperor".  - The Holy Roman Emperor (historically "" "Emperor of the Romans") was the ruler of the Holy Roman Empire. From an autocracy in Carolingian times the title evolved into an elected monarchy chosen by the Prince-electors. Until the Reformation the Emperor elect ("imperator electus") was required to be crowned by the Pope before assuming the imperial title.  - The Roman emperor was the ruler of the Roman Empire during the imperial period (starting in 27 BC). The emperors used a variety of different titles throughout history. Often when a given Roman is described as becoming "emperor" in English, it reflects his taking of the title "Augustus" or "Caesar". Another title often used was "imperator", originally a military honorific. Early Emperors also used the title "princeps" (first citizen). Emperors frequently amassed republican titles, notably "Princeps Senatus", "Consul" and "Pontifex Maximus".  - An autocracy is a system of government in which supreme power is concentrated in the hands of one person, whose decisions are subject to neither external legal restraints nor regularized mechanisms of popular control (except perhaps for the implicit threat of a coup d'état or mass insurrection). Absolute monarchy (such as Saudi Arabia) and dictatorship (such as North Korea) are the main historical forms of autocracy. In very early times, the term "autocrat" was coined as a favorable feature of the ruler, having some connection to the concept of "lack of conflicts of interests".  - This is a list of those who were granted the rank of Feldmarschall by the Holy Roman Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation , 1618 -- 1806 .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'list of field marshals of the holy roman empire' exhibits the relationship of 'is a list of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - bishop  - church  - emperor  - mass  - person  - pope  - prince  - roman emperor  - ruler  - system  - title  - woman
Answer: