Information:  - Who We Are Instead is the fifth full-length studio album recorded by Christian rock band Jars of Clay. It was released in 2003 by Essential Records.  - Jars of Clay is a Christian rock band from Nashville, Tennessee. They met at Greenville College in Greenville, Illinois.  - "Hanging by a Moment" is a song by American alternative band Lifehouse. It was the first single released from their debut studio album, "No Name Face" (2000). The track was written by lead singer Jason Wade, who said that he wrote the song in about five minutes without thinking about what would happen to it. It was produced by American record producer Ron Aniello and was mixed by Brendan O'Brien. Musically, "Hanging by a Moment" is a post-grunge song that contains influences of alternative rock. The song was first released in the United States on August 16, 2000 by DreamWorks Records. It peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and is the band's most successful single to date on the chart. Despite not peaking at number one, it was the number one single of 2001, becoming only the third (and currently last) single to top the year-end charts despite never spending a week at the top of the weekly charts and followed "Breathe" from the previous year in completing this feat, marking the second consecutive year this feat had been accomplished despite it not happening for 35 years prior to 2000.   - Nashville is the capital of the U.S. state of Tennessee and the county seat of Davidson County. It is located on the Cumberland River in the north central part of the state. The city is a center for the music, healthcare, publishing, banking and transportation industries, and home to numerous colleges and universities. Reflecting the city's position in state government, Nashville is home to the Tennessee Supreme Court's courthouse for Middle Tennessee. It is known as a center of the country music industry, earning it the nickname "Music City U.S.A."  - `` Sunny Days '' is a song written and performed by Jars of Clay . It is the second out of two radio singles from the band 's 2003 studio album , Who We Are Instead . The first recording of the song during the album 's sessions was produced by the band , while the version that ended up on the album was produced by Ron Aniello , who also produced Lifehouse 's debut album , No Name Face .  - No Name Face is the debut studio album by the rock band Lifehouse. It was released on October 31, 2000, and it produced the hit "Hanging by a Moment" which went on to be the most played song on radio the following year. This album launched Lifehouse into the limelight, and produced many radio-friendly hits. It has sold over four million copies worldwide, with 2,670,000 copies sold in the US alone.  - Christian rock is a form of rock music that promotes Jesus and is typically performed by self-proclaimed Christian individuals and bands whose members focus the lyrics on matters of Christian faith. The extent to which their lyrics are explicitly Christian varies between bands. Many bands who perform Christian rock have ties to the contemporary Christian music labels, media outlets, and festivals, while other bands are independent.    What object entity has the relation of 'record label' with the subject 'sunny days '?   Choices: - album  - billboard hot 100  - clay  - country music  - dreamworks  - essential records  - labels  - record  - rock music
Answer: