Q:Information:  - A prefectural-level municipality, prefectural-level city or prefectural city is an administrative division of the People's Republic of China (PRC), ranking below a province and above a county in China's administrative structure. Prefectural level cities form the second level of the administrative structure (alongside prefectures, leagues and autonomous prefectures). Administrative chiefs (mayors) of prefectural level cities generally have the same rank as a division chief of a national ministry. Since the 1980s, most former prefectures have been renamed into prefectural level cities.  - In many countries, a mayor (or , from the Latin "maior" , meaning "bigger") is the highest-ranking official in a municipal government such as that of a city or a town.  - Gansu (Xiao'erjing:   "Gansw") is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the northwest of the country.  - Ningxia (pronounced , Xiao'erjing: ), officially the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region (NHAR), is an autonomous region of the People's Republic of China located in the northwest part of the country. Formerly a province, Ningxia was incorporated into Gansu in 1954 but was separated from Gansu in 1958 and was reconstituted as an autonomous region for the Hui people, one of the 56 officially recognised nationalities of China. Twenty percent of China's Hui population lives in Ningxia.  - Zhongwei ( simplified Chinese :  ; traditional Chinese :  ; pinyin : Zhngwèi ; Wade -- Giles : Chung - wei ; literally : `` middle guard '' ) is a prefecture - level city of Ningxia , People 's Republic of China . It has an area of 16,986.1 km2 ( 6,558.4 sq mi ) and a population of 1,041,821 .  - Xiao'erjing or Xiao'erjin or Xiaor jin or in its shortened form, Xiaojing, literally meaning "children's script" or "minor script" (cf. "original script" referring to the original Perso-Arabic script, , Xiao'erjing: ; /Benjin), is the practice of writing Sinitic languages such as Mandarin (especially the Lanyin, Zhongyuan and Northeastern dialects) or the Dungan language in the Perso-Arabic Script. It is used on occasion by many ethnic minorities who adhere to the Islamic faith in China (mostly the Hui, but also the Dongxiang, and the Salar), and formerly by their Dungan descendants in Central Asia. Soviet writing reforms forced the Dungan to replace Xiao'erjing with a Roman alphabet and later a Cyrillic alphabet, which they continue to use up until today.  - A prefecture (from the Latin "Praefectura") is an administrative jurisdiction or subdivision in any of various countries and within some international church structures, and in antiquity a Roman district governed by an appointed prefect.  - The Hui people (Xiao'erjing: ; Dungan: , "Xuejzw") are a Chinese ethnic group which is composed predominantly of adherents of the Muslim faith and found throughout China, though they are concentrated mainly in the Northwestern provinces of the country and the Zhongyuan. According to a 2011 census, China is home to approximately 10.5 million Hui people, the majority of whom are Chinese-speaking practitioners of Islam, though some practice other religions.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'zhongwei' with the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'.  Choices: - china  - gansu  - most  - ningxia hui autonomous region  - northwest  - of
A: