A four-year-old girl has been mauled to death by a 'monster' pit bull while she was watching TV at home with her mom. Little Mia Derouen was pounced on by the 130lb dog, one of two at the home in the Houma Highland Apartments in Houma, Louisiana, and died in hospital from her injuries, according to Houma Police Chief Todd Duplantis. Police officers were called to the apartment complex around 7 p.m. Tuesday by the girl's mother, Megan Touchet, who was also injured as she desperately fought the crazed dog off her child. Scroll down for video. Tragic: Four-year-old Mia Derouen, pictured, was mauled to death by her family's dog. Birthday: Mia was due to turn five the week after the attack on March 25. 'The mother was able to get away from the pit bull and barricade herself in a bedroom where she screamed for help and handed over her 4-year-old child through a window to medical personnel,' Duplantis said in a statement. According to police, the attack happened inside the family home. 'She was screaming for help,' Duplantis said of the desperate mother's 911 call. Mia suffered facial and head injuries in the pit bull attack and was rushed to Terrebonne General Medical Center but didn't make it. Touchet suffered moderate injuries and was hospitalized as well. She remains in hospital today. Duplantis did not know whether the girl was on a sofa or chair or on the floor when she was attacked. Vicious attack: Mia, pictured with her dad Chris, was pounced on by the dog, one of two at her mom's home in the Houma Highland Apartments. The animal, named Niko, was shot dead by police before they were able to enter the apartment. Duplantis described it as 'a monster,' in a Wednesday afternoon press conference. They reported that it was 'running loose inside the apartment acting in a very vicious manner' and officers shot it three times to 'eliminate the threat of additional injuries.' 'It's a traumatic event,' said Terrebonne Parish President Michel Claudet told WWLTV.com Wednesday. Mia would have celebrated her fifth birthday next week. Her father, Chris Derouen, took to Facebook to beg for a miracle as his daughter fought for life in hospital. Frantic call: Police officers were called to the complex around 7 p.m. by the girl's mother, Megan Touchet, who was also injured as the fought the crazed dog off her child. Prayers: Her father, Chris Derouen, picured, took to Facebook to beg for a miracle as his daughter fought for life in hospital. She later died. 'Please I need prayers,' he wrote. 'My daughter was attacked by a pitbull and they don't know if she will make it....please God...I need this miracle.' After she passed away he covered his wall with pictures of the two of them, and friends and family expressed their sympathies. Claudet said the family had another pit bull. 'They had two pit bulls, and one was over 100 pounds,' he said, adding that this larger dog was the one that attacked Mia. 'Unfortunately, that's what happened and it's such a horrific event,' he said. The second pit bull was taken away by animal control officers, police said. Duplantis described the scene as 'horrific' and said counseling was being offered to the officers who were on the scene. It's not clear if charges will be filed in the case, which is still being investigated. The families have set up a gofundme page to raise money for the child's funeral expenses.
What are the important parts of this article?