By. John Drayton. Robbie Williams has been left red-faced after boasting about a chance meeting with World Cup star Diego Maradona - only to find he was just a lookalike. The singer, 38, was tricked by 49-year-old German Abi Atic, who has been impersonating Maradona for 20 years, into thinking he had bumped into one of the world's best ever up a mountain. Williams then posted a picture online of himself and the impersonator with the message: 'The Hand of God meets God. I wish he was playing this year's Soccer Aid! £Maradona'. Fooled: Robbie Williams has been tricked by Germany's most famous Maradona double after he spotted him in the ski resort of Ischgl in the southern Austrian province of Tirol. He also posted on his Twitter profile the message: 'How random, just bumped into Maradona on the mountain. RW x.' But 12 days later it was revealed the man was in fact Germany's most famous Maradona impersonator. The pair met in the ski resort of Ischgl in the southern Austrian province of Tirol. Williams had performed at the Top of the Mountain Concert in Ischgl on May 3 at 2,300m altitude on a giant open air stage. Mr Atici, who is well known in his home country, said: 'I am Maradona's double. I work in a sports shop and come from Bad Dietzenbach, but for the last 20 years I have been making appearances as Diego Maradona. 'I was discovered when I went to a football game between Bayern Munich and Napoli in 1989 - the next day there was a picture in the local paper saying that Maradona had been in the stadium. Spot the difference: The real Diego Maradona celebrating a goal against Nigeria during the 2010 World Cup. Up high: Williams before performing live on stage during the 'Top Of The Mountain Concert in Austria. Tricked: Robbie Williams performs live on stage during the Top Of The Mountain Concert in Ischgl, Austria. 'When I looked I realised I was that person.' He added: 'When I was in Ischgl, Robbie was playing a concert. I was waiting to take the ski lift to the top of the mountain. Suddenly Robbie jumped out of a van, gave me a hug and said: "I love you." 'I answered "I love you too!". Robbie then gave me a kiss on the cheek. You know I now can't wash my cheek as all women want a kiss on the same spot he kissed me. I don't just have the hand of God, I now have the cheek of God. Trickster: Abi Atici, Germany's most famous Maradona double in the southern Austrian province of Tirol. Convincing: Atici, 49, has been making doubles appearances for the last twenty years. Good company: The real Maradona poses with his 23-year-old Rocio Oliva (right) 'Robbie really didn't realise I was not the real thing. I was chatting with his wife Ayda who also speaks Turkish. She was really nice. 'Both Robbie's dad and Ayda took their phones and snapped pics of us together. I never thought such a world famous star would fall for my double act. It is sensational. It all happened so quickly. I will never forget that day!' Williams met the real Maradona in 2006. in a charity football match in aid of Soccer Aid which raised over £6. million for UNICEF. Williams captained the side which beat a World XI. 2-1 at Old Trafford. Both teams fielded seven celebrities and four former footballers, including the World Cup winner for the world side. Argentina's Diego Maradona scores his 'Hand of God' goal against England goalkeeper Peter Shilton in 1986.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: