Question: Information:  - Laura Jane Ballance (born February 22, 1968) is the bassist in the rock band Superchunk and co-founder of Merge Records along with Mac McCaughan. In 2013 she announced that she would no longer be touring with the band due to her worsening hyperacusis.  - Indie rock is a genre of alternative rock that originated in the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1980s. Indie rock encapsulates indie pop and lo-fi, among others. Originally used to describe record labels, the term became associated with the music they produced and was initially used interchangeably with alternative rock. As grunge and punk revival bands in the US, and then Britpop bands in the UK, broke into the mainstream in the 1990s, it came to be used to identify those acts that retained an outsider and underground perspective. In the 2000s, as a result of changes in the music industry and the growing importance of the Internet, some indie rock acts began to enjoy commercial success, leading to questions about its meaningfulness as a term.  - Here 's to Shutting Up is the eighth studio album by Superchunk . Brian Paulson , who served as co-producer , previously worked with the band on 1994 's Foolish . On this album , the band continued to develop away from the fuzzy punk - pop of its earlier days to something more textured . Keyboards , strings and acoustic guitars abound , and even a pedal steel makes an appearance on `` Phone Sex . '' The band left `` Phone Sex '' out of the initial performances of the accompanying tour ; with the 11 September 2001 attacks a painfully fresh memory , the members felt uncomfortable performing a song featuring the lyrics `` Plane crash footage on TV / I know , I know that could be me . '' The title of the album is taken from the opening of the song `` Out on the Wing . ''  - Superchunk is an American indie rock band from Chapel Hill, North Carolina, consisting of singer-guitarist Mac McCaughan, guitarist Jim Wilbur, bassist Laura Ballance, and drummer Jon Wurster. Formed in 1989, they were one of the bands that helped define the Chapel Hill music scene of the 1990s. Their energetic, high-velocity style and do-it-yourself ethics were influenced by punk rock.  - Ralph Lee "Mac" McCaughan (born July 12, 1967) is an American musician and record label owner, based in North Carolina. His main musical projects have been Superchunk since 1989 and Portastatic since the early 1990s. In 1989 he founded the independent record label Merge Records with Superchunk bandmate Laura Ballance.  - Punk rock (or simply "punk") is a rock music genre that developed in the early to mid 1970s in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Rooted in 1960s garage rock and other forms of what is now known as "proto-punk" music, punk rock bands rejected perceived excesses of mainstream 1970s rock. Punk bands typically use short or fast-paced songs, with hard-edged melodies and singing styles, stripped-down instrumentation, and often political, anti-establishment lyrics. Punk embraces a DIY ethic; many bands self-produce recordings and distribute them through informal channels.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'here's to shutting up' exhibits the relationship of 'record label'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - merge records  - pop  - record  - record label  - rock music  - united kingdom
Answer: