A couple of fumbling Florida fugitives led police on a wild river chase as they tried to escape from the cops by paddling away in a canoe. The hapless pair  tried to flee cops by floating their way to freedom down the Withlacoochee River. They almost got away with it were it not for a police power boat that caught up with the dumb duo some nine miles downstream. The paddlers were nabbed and brought back to dry land where they were placed into police custody. Fugitives: Garrett Eure, and Jessie Bryant, both 23, attempted to flee cops by floating their way to freedom. You too: Cassandra Zabriskie, 21, Eure's girlfriend was also arrested. Garrett Eure, 23, of Gainesville, was wanted for failure to appear on an escape charge and the other fugitive was Jessie Bryant, 23, of Fort Pierce, who was wanted on various charges. For a time,the fugitives managed to elude authorities for about five hours as they used wooden paddles to sail down the river for nine miles. The U.S. Marshals Service contacted the Madison County Sheriff’s Office on Monday to say that Eure was living in Madison. Investigators determined that Eure was living in a house in Lee with Bryant, who was wanted in St. Lucie County for charges of armed burglary coupled with assault and battery by strangulation. A couple of floaters: The pair got nine miles down the Withlacoochee River. Dumb couple: Garrett Eure, 23 and his girlfriend Cassandra Zabriskie, 21, also of Gainesville were both arrested. She was released on bail whilst Euro is being held on $100,000 bond. Bryant was arrested on warrants for burglary and battery. Zabriskie was also arrested on charges of resisting arrest without violence. Eure’s girlfriend, Cassandra Zabriskie, 21, also of Gainesville, was with them. Eure and Bryant suspected that authorities had found them and they ran to the Withlacoochee River, climbed into a canoe and tried to escape. Officials used dogs to track the fugitives on foot and then started up a motorboat to chase them on the river. The small blue canoe the men used was filled with a cooler and several backpacks, said Russell Williams, a freelance photographer who was present during the arrests. As dumb as each other: The two fugitives Garrett Eure, 23, were living with his girlfriend, Cassandra Zabriskie,21, pictured here. Getaway vehicle: The two men tried to run, or rather, paddle from the law in a two-man canoe. The police soon caught up with them nine miles down the river. Mr Williams added that deputies at the scene said they had been to Zabriskie’s house multiple times, and she had told them her boyfriend was not there. According to Florida Department of Corrections records, Eure was in prison until October 2013 on several Lake County charges, including armed burglary and grand theft. Both men have quite the wrap sheet. In March 2013, the Gainesville Police Department arrested Eure for escaping while on work release and returned him to state custody. Bryant meanwhile, was incarcerated from 2009 to 2012 on charges out of St. Lucie County, including burglary, credit card fraud, organized fraud, fleeing a law enforcement officer and grand theft of a motor vehicle. The three were taken into custody by deputies and taken to the Madison County jail. Zabriskie was released on $540 bond on Monday night, but Bryant and Eure remained at the jail on Tuesday on no bond and $100,000 bond respectively.

Write highlights for this article.