Bill Cosby's hopes of a career revival, including a new biography, a comedy special on Netflix, and a possible project with NBC, were abruptly dashed as accusations of sexual assault from multiple women resurfaced in light of the comedian's increased public presence. Despite Cosby's adamant denials of these accusations, the resulting public outrage forced NBC and Netflix, among other platforms, to cancel his upcoming appearances, leaving the future of Cosby's career uncertain at the moment. 

Here is a detailed explanation:

At the close of a successful and celebrated career, Bill Cosby seemed poised to make a triumphant return to prominence in the entertainment industry. There were reasons for optimism. A new biography outlined his career, achievements, and personal life. Netflix had planned a stand-up comedy special, celebrating his 77th birthday. His collection of African-American art was part of an exhibition at the Smithsonian, and NBC had even entertained ideas of a project that would return the comedian to primetime television, a platform he had dominated in the 1980s with "The Cosby Show."

However, these plans were thrown asunder by a wave of rape accusations against Cosby by several women, who claimed that the comedian had drugged and raped them years ago. The accusations were not new – they had surfaced earlier but had failed to gain significant traction. The difference this time was the widespread visibility brought on by the web and the impact of social media.

Among the accusers was Andrea Constand, a Temple University staff member. She brought forth accusations in 2005, claiming that Cosby had drugged and molested her. Although the district attorney at the time did not pursue a criminal case due to a lack of evidence, a subsequent lawsuit brought by Constand pledged to bring forth testimonies from 13 other women with similar accounts of sexual assault by Cosby. The suit, fiercely contested by Cosby's lawyer, was settled in 2006 for an undisclosed sum.

Despite these and other accusations, Cosby’s comeback seemed unstoppable. In part, this resilience was due to Cosby's cultivated public image of the ideal family man, reinforced by his TV show, endorsements, and books about fatherhood. But the driving force was his influence and power as one of America's revered performers.

Unfortunately for Cosby, the revival of his career, which had invigorated his fans, also brought renewed attention to the accusations. The unearthing of the accusations was aided in large part by the internet and social media. A viral video of comedian Hannibal Buress, in which he bluntly labelled Cosby a rapist, and the comedian's own misguided effort to solicit positive comments on a web meme (which backfired spectacularly), breathed life into the accusations.

In the fallout, several platforms distanced themselves from Cosby. NBC canceled a proposed pilot project, and TV Land ceased showing reruns of "The Cosby Show". Less than a day prior, Netflix had postponed the stand-up comedy special.

For Cosby, these setbacks could not have come at a worse time. After a lull, Cosby had returned to the limelight with a vengeance, with multiple concerts a year and plans for two stand-up comedy films. However, with these new and old accusations coming to the fore, his triumphal return to the national stage has withered in the face of public outrage, throwing the future of his career into uncertainty.