By. Emma Glanfield for MailOnline. A 41-year-old woman battered her musician boyfriend to death with a guitar stand during a drunken row, a court heard. Samantha Adeokun, from Silverdale, Lancashire, is accused of killing her partner Peter Davegun, 42, in a brutal attack on December 23 last year. Stafford Crown Court heard she flew into a rage and beat her boyfriend by kicking and punching him as he curled up in a ball to protect himself. Samantha Adeokun, 41, from Silverdale, Lancashire, is accused of killing her on/off partner of six years Peter Davegun, 42, (above) by punching, kicking and beating him with a metal guitar stand until he fell unconcious. He suffered multiple injuries to his head and body after also being bludgeoned with a metal guitar stand leaving behind 'a bloodbath', jurors were told. Emergency services arrived at his flat in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, after Adeokun waited one hour to dial 999. She claimed her partner had fallen and hit his head on a TV stand after tripping on a mat. Paramedics arrived just before 2.45pm and found Mr Davegun's body lying in the foetal position on his bedroom floor. The court heard he had extensive bruising and bite marks on his body and had suffered severe internal injuries and seven fractured ribs. He was pronounced dead at the property at around 3.20pm. Adeokun went on trial yesterday accused of murdering her on-off partner of six years following the drunken row. Prosecutor Deborah Gould, opening the case, said: 'The prosecution case says the defendant literally beat him to death using her fists, feet and part of a guitar stand. Stafford Crown Court heard how 41-year-old Adeokun allegedly attacked her partner at his flat in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire (above) on December 23 last year during a drunken row. Mr Davegun died from his injuries. The court heard how Adeokun waited nearly one hour before calling emergency services after the alleged attack. When police arrived, Mr Davegun was found unconscious in a pool of blood and was pronounced dead. 'At least part of the time she was doing this, she was bleeding and standing above him. 'She struck him repeatedly, causing significant internal bruising and bleeding. She struck him from behind and from the front. 'You will hear from the pathologist that there's evidence he was struck while on the ground in the foetal position. 'After the attack, the defendant telephoned her daughter and said she was sorry. She said she and the deceased had a fight. 'She said she had been defending herself and Mr Davegun was, at that stage, unconscious. 'When her daughter asked if she had called 999, the defendant said she hadn't because she needed to get dressed because she had blood on her. 'She changed out of her clothing. Then, nearly an hour afterwards, she called paramedics, claiming Mr Davegun had fallen, hit his head and been unconscious for 40 minutes.' Adeokun denies murdering Mr Davegun and claims he fell and hit his head after tripping on a mat at the flat. The jury also heard a recording of the 999 call Adeokun made during which she described the scene as a 'bloodbath'. She told the operator: 'We had a big argument earlier on and he's just fell. 'I cut my finger and it looks bad. I cut my finger and it looks like I've killed him.' Adeokun denies murder. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Summarize the highlights of this article.