The New York Times

SUNDAY PUZZLE — Stars. That’s what you were missing. But by the time you finish this puzzle by Joel Fagliano and Byron Walden, you’ll be seeing them. I can almost guarantee it.

And the most evil part of the joke in today’s puzzle is that the revealer is staring you right in the face the whole time. It just hits us MUGGLES late in the game, as Mr. Walden says below, because it uses the crossword convention of starring clues to trick the solver into complacency. Then it delivers a one-two punch when you realize that those starred clues are starred not just to call our attention to the theme. They’re there because they are part of the clues themself.

This was one of the hardest Sunday puzzles I can remember doing, mostly because 1) Byron “I’ve Read Shelley’s ‘Epipsychidion,’ Haven’t You?” Walden is involved, and b) there is no obvious indication that you are supposed to mentally add the word “star” to the beginnings of each clue to get the answers. Well, there is, but it took me a while to get that. (It’s the asterisks, Deb.)

I stumbled onto RIGHT SIDE at 38A through the crossings, but I couldn’t for the life of me figure out what the starred clue “Board” had to do with it. I knew something was up, because of the starred clue, but that was way before I understood what was happening. The way it’s supposed to be read is “[Star] Board,” which is, of course, the nautical RIGHT SIDE. Similarly, at 60A, we have “”[Star]Ted talks, say” for BROKERED A SETTLEMENT.

Oh, and Mr. Fagliano’s and Mr. Walden’s clues are pretty tough, too. Although “Take its toll” made me laugh.

Please wait here while I go bang my head on something hard.

O.K., I’m back. You’ve got this, right? You understand that ROMEO AND JULIET are not literally a “Crossed pair,” right?

Nicely done, Mr. Fagliano and Mr. Walden. Absolutely “Stellar Work.”

Byron Walden: The idea for the puzzle was Joel’s. I was psyched when he asked me to collaborate on it, because I like puzzles that play with crossword conventions, and I am a big fan of Joel’s puzzles generally. For an easy puzzle, you want the structure of the theme to be evident right away. For a trickier puzzle, you want the revelation to come right at, or possibly just after the end. For this one, I envisioned the typical solver getting it somewhere in the middle, maybe just past halfway through. Too soon, and it becomes just a slightly odd themeless. Too late, and the joy of the joke gets washed away. Hopefully, we found the right mix.

Joel Fagliano: Had a ton of fun putting this together with Byron. One thing we debated in the theme stage was whether a clue like “*Search party?” for ED MCMAHON was fair game — after all, it completely eliminates the quote marks used in the show “Star Search,” not to mention the space between “Star” and “Search.” In the end, we agreed it might be a little cheap, but that hopefully it would add an extra “aha” layer for the solver.

We both favor wide-open grid patterns and constructing challenges, so our styles meshed pretty well when it came time to fill the grid. I’ve always felt that Byron is one of the best themeless constructors, so the task of working on a Sunday with him with big chunky corners like this was very cool. In the end, I think we kept the compromises to a relative minimum while working in some nice longer fill, but I’ll be interested to read how solvers felt.

Write a one or two sentence summary.