Write highlights for this article:

Lonely hearts looking for a mate have been known to go to extraordinary lengths to find the partner of their dreams. But for these people, captured in images posted on a Russian dating site, those lengths might be just a bit too far. The images provide a bizarre snapshot into the worlds of the people looking for love - and in some cases a weird and wonderful view inside their minds. This girl attempts to pose seductively by a microwave, complete with knife block and cat food box on top. This lady thinks that munching on an entire watermelon is a surefire way to attract the partner of her dreams. This lady thinks that a pair of rubber gloves make a seductive accessory. (left) and (right) a swordsman displays his softer side, and an array. of weaponry, in an attempt to woo an impressed other half. In one of the hilarious pictures a woman, who has fashioned a mermaid costume from what looks like an ironed tablecloth, gazes seductively at the camera. And in another, which is designed to find the subject a date, a woman takes a bathtime selfie complete with glass of wine... and yellow rubber gloves. Sometimes homemade isn't always best: This woman created her own mermaid costume for her picture. Musclebound: This man hopes that showing off his body on the dating site will bag him a potential love interest. Seductive? This lady thinks that pouring a can of Jaguar on her clothes on a riverbank creates a sexy look. Does this man think that posing with a gun in front of ornamental dogs will detract from his unusual hairstyle? Food also features in the saucy snaps, with one lady pictured pouring a fizzy drink over her clothes on a riverbank. Another woman goes all out, by donning a bikini to munch on a whole watermelon, an image which she hopes will attract a potential life partner. This Russian gentleman (left) hopes that showing how flexible he is in a children's playground will make a potential partner swoon. (Right) a man relies on a 'sexy' dead fox headpiece to entice an online love interest. A woman uses those tried and tested seduction tools, a banana and a newspaper, to help in her quest for love. The men don't spare any blushes when looking for love too. One of the pictures shows a topless man, complete with a lego-esque haircut and high-waisted trousers. In the image he is flexing his muscles in a room that looks like it is straight out ITV sitcom Rising Damp. Many people on the site seem to believe that a heavily patterned carpet is the perfect backdrop for a picture. Floral tribute: These guys seem to think that the way to a lover's heart is through snappy dressing and flowers. Another show a man in what can only be described as a shellsuit, performing a unusual backwards high kick in a children's play area. It is not just macho men on display, some. of the boys have got in touch with their feminine side in order to. attract a significant other. This pair like to show off their leisure wear, and think that it will inspire people to get in touch with them online. One man poses in a Halloween witch's hat, while another looks to be sporting an unusual peroxide blonde mullet. However, the fancy headpiece is actually a dead fox. Towels: This sexy bathroom selfie will surely bag this lady a meet-up with somebody from the dating site? Dinner time: This lady thinks her kitchen, and a tea towel are great props for a seductive dating site photo shoot.