Q: Given a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation, generate a suitable title that describes the main event/root cause of the situation. Imagine that the given text is a social media post, and you have to write the title of the post, so the users can decide to read the main text or not.
I'm a college student, nineteen years old when this happened. One day on campus, while waiting for my next class to start, a guy walks up to me. He asks if I know where the professors' offices are located for this building. I do, but it's hard to explain how to find them (there's a small staircase that's easy to miss and leads down to the basement where they're located) so I tell him that I'll just walk him over there. It's maybe a two minute walk maximum, and we make small talk about our majors.

I lead him down the stairs to the basement and he thanks me. Thinking I've done my job, I turn around to go back upstairs. But then he says "Hey, I have to be honest with you. I think you're incredibly beautiful and I asked for your help because I wanted to talk to you."

I was kind of weirded out. I don't know if he meant he made up the story about needing help just to talk to me, or if he needed help but picked me to ask because he thought I was pretty. I've literally never had a guy come onto me like this, and I don't find myself to be 'incredibly beautiful' so I'm awkwardly like "oh my god, ha ha, thanks." I start walking towards the stairs again. Then he's like, "I have to ask, do you have a boyfriend?"

At this point I'm genuinely confused. Maybe it's because I lack experience with guys and this is more normal than I think, but to be asked that after a bit of small talk and nothing else seemed weird. He never even asked for my name. Under other circumstances I may have been flattered, he seemed like an interesting guy, but the way he went about this so suddenly is what made me uncomfortable. So, I have to admit, I lied to him. I tell him I have a girlfriend. He takes it well and tells me she's very lucky to have me. I awkwardly thank him again, hoping we're truly done now.

Then he asks me for my number. This is where I think I become the asshole. I felt weird being asked out by a stranger in a secluded basement, especially when I just told him I'm seeing someone. I'm like, "Well I'm not going to date you..." He says it's fine, that he just wants it 'in case he ever needs help again.' I relent, wanting to just call this exchange done. I gave him my number. When I turn around he tells me, "bye, beautiful." I ended up going to a different area of campus to wait at.

It's been over a month, and I've never gotten a text from him. It's fine, I don't really want to talk to him again, but I'm worried I was an asshole and he just accepted my number because he didn't want to tell me he no longer wanted it.

When I tell people this story, there's two main reactions. The first being that, yeah, I might have been rude, but that this dude was creepy and didn't need to push so hard to get my number. The second being that I should have just directly told him no or given him my number without telling him that I wouldn't date him. Some people also think that me lying about having a girlfriend wasn't necessary, but I did it specifically so that he wouldn't ask me out, not thinking he would ask for my number afterwards. So... was I an asshole for no reason to a normal dude that just found me attractive?
A: