Detailed Instructions: Given a document, an entity and its sentiment towards the entity, verify if it is the correct sentiment towards the entity. Answer should be yes or no. Note that URLs in the text have been replaced with [Link].
Q: Verify if the sentiment of the following document towards the entity BabeAziz Ansari is Neutral . All I know is that if  Aziz Ansari  didn't want  his  sexual misconduct to become a national news story   he  could have left  his  apartment as soon as things got creepy. It's not like she was blocking the door.
Poorna Jagannathan: While Harvey set off outrage   Aziz  has set off thought
First of all  thank you  "Grace" and  Aziz . So far  most of the conversation on sexual violence has been along a strong binary: a clear victim-predator setup. And no doubt  the predator is egregiously wrong.
It's dangerous to rely on non-verbal cues or mind reading to tell a guy you're OK with oral sex (giving and receiving) and making out on the couch but you do not want to go all the way  as did the woman who called herself "Grace" in the Babe.net story about her date with  Ansari .
Speaking up is difficult but there is no better time than this #MeToo moment for women to find their voices  not just to expose real predators who sexually harass and assault women  but overly zealous men  as the Babe article portrays  Ansari  to be  who may think "yes" to a date at  his  place automatically means "yes" to sex.
 Ansari  released a statement saying that the sexual encounter "by all indications was completely consensual" and that  he  was "surprised and concerned" when  he  heard that "it wasn't the case."
A guy once told me: "This is our second date. The third date means we're having sex. That's the rule." I was shocked but at least  he  was honest. So was I: "There won't be a third date. It's been fun " I responded. We laughed and remain friends today. No playing coy  no mind reading. No games. When it comes to dating  both people equally are accountable for setting the tone.
My friends and I have rules: 1) Public place for the first date  feel  him  out. 2) If and when you do go to  his  place  or yours  set up a "rescue call or text" later that night. This gives you an excuse to leave quickly  if needed. I use a code word if I'm in trouble and need help. 3) And  of course  if things get totally out of control  try to stay calm  speed-dial 911  then fight like hell to get away.
The  Aziz Ansari  story is a good litmus test for who sees sexual misconduct as a strictly legal question and who is concerned about improving the overall culture surrounding sex and dating. It's also many times more relevant to the average person's experience than  say  Weinstein. — David Klion (@DavidKlion) January 15  2018
Why  in situations like the one described between "Grace" and  Aziz Ansari   do we focus on the reaction of the woman  rather than the behavior of the man? And what is the message we give women when they are judged and shunned after sharing their stories on social media?
The phrase is representative of every experience from an unwelcome kiss or grope to rape  and new allegations against  Ansari  pick at the gaping hole in this kind of umbrella movement: the failure to differentiate between rape and sexual assault. In response to the allegations  Ansari released a statement saying that he believed "by all indications" that the sexual activity was "completely consensual."
A: