Write highlights for this article:

By. Paul Harris. PUBLISHED:. 14:04 EST, 31 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 18:08 EST, 31 January 2013. He was the art world’s king of bling – a man who devoted a lifetime to acquiring some of the most exceptional and bizarre works of gold and silver ever produced. Many of the items London dealer Michael Wellby bought were once so underrated they would have sold for little more than their value in precious metal. But times change. And yesterday historians were celebrating his gift to a museum of one of the most important collections of Renaissance and Baroque objects for more than a century. Precious: A group of German silver gilt cups of a stag by Elias Zorer (c.1605-10), an owl (c.1570), a ship model (c. 1620), a Dutch musketeer by Adriaen de Grebbe (c. 1600) and a bear (c. 1605-10) Director of the Ashmolean Museum Dr Christopher Brown (right) and Professor Timothy Wilson, The Keeper of the Ashmolean's Department of Western Art, discuss a silver gilt pitcher. His haul of nearly 500 items, valued together in the tens of millions, has been bequeathed to Oxford University’s Ashmolean museum. Among them are highly unusual works that were considered inferior or undesirable at the time he bought them, compared to more traditional or sought-after pieces. This month the spoils of his shrewd eye and travels around the continent will go on display before being housed in a permanent gallery, described as ‘a cabinet of wonders’. The collection, bequeathed after Mr Wellby’s death last year, was trumpeted as ‘the most important accession of objects of this sort to any UK museum’ since a bequest by Ferdinand Rothschild to the British Museum in 1898. Important donation: A German Serpentine ewer and basin with silver gilt mounts (c.1580) The blues: A lapis lazuli cup (pictured left) with jewelled and enamelled silver gilt mounts made with stone (c. 1560) and a bowl (right) with gold mounts from Prague (c. 1608) Admiration: A woman looks at a 'silver gilt ewer with enamelled royal arms of Portugal' that dates from around 1510 AD. Impressive: The collection of nearly 500 objects has been valued at tens of millions of pounds. Historically it spans more than 250. years from the 1500s to 1700s. Aesthetically, however, it encompasses a. fascinating spectrum of style and craftsmanship, including works that. incorporate coconut shell, ostrich egg, ivory and mother of pearl. Such. items have come to be highly prized by wealthy collectors – but few of. his contemporaries appear to have had Mr Wellby’s unerring nose for a. bargain. According to. one friend, he was expert in securing under-priced items – but, the. friend added: ‘He bought a great many things simply because he liked. them, not because they were sought-after or fashionable.’ Mr. Wellby, who died aged 84, was driven by a passion for craftsmanship. He. joined the family silver-dealing business at 18 and built it into one. of the best known in Europe, with premises in Mayfair. His. private collection, acquired during more than six decades of travel and. trade, also reflected his fascination for exotic materials, especially. from the Africa and the East. Generous: The haul of objects was donated by the late antiques collector Michael Wellby. The Ashmolean Museum in Oxford (pictured) had 900,000 visitors last year and announced plans for a series of exhibitions to celebrate its 330th anniversary this year.

Highlights: