Answer the following question: Information:  - The Shawshank Redemption is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont, and starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman. Adapted from the Stephen King novella "Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption", the film tells the story of Andy Dufresne, a banker who is sentenced to life in Shawshank State Penitentiary for the murder of his wife and her lover, despite his claims of innocence. During his time at the prison, he befriends a fellow inmate, Ellis Boyd "Red" Redding, and finds himself protected by the guards after the warden begins using him in his money-laundering operation.  - Stephen Edwin King (born September 21, 1947) is an American author of horror, supernatural fiction, suspense, science fiction, and fantasy. His books have sold more than 350 million copies, many of which have been adapted into feature films, miniseries, television shows, and comic books. King has published 54 novels, including seven under the pen name Richard Bachman, and six non-fiction books. He has written nearly 200 short stories, most of which have been collected in book collections. Many of his stories are set in his home state of Maine. His novella "Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption" was the basis for the movie "The Shawshank Redemption" which is widely regarded as one of the greatest films of all time.  - `` The Gunslinger '' is a novella by Stephen King , originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in October 1978 . In 1982 , `` The Gunslinger '' was collected with four other stories King published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction as The Dark Tower : The Gunslinger . `` The Gunslinger '' formed the first chapter of the book , and was slightly revised for the inclusion .  - Richard Bachman is a pen name used by horror fiction author Stephen King.  - Supernatural fiction or supernaturalist fiction is a genre of literary and media fiction exploiting or requiring as plot devices or themes some contradictions of the commonplace natural world and materialist assumptions about it.   - Maine is the northernmost state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. Maine is the 39th most extensive and the 41st most populous of the U.S. states and territories. It is bordered by New Hampshire to the west, the Atlantic Ocean to the east, and the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick and Quebec to the north. Maine is the easternmost state in the contiguous United States, and the northernmost east of the Great Lakes. It is known for its jagged, rocky coastline; low, rolling mountains; heavily forested interior, and picturesque waterways; and also its seafood cuisine, especially clams and lobster. There is a continental climate throughout the state, even in coastal areas such as its most populous city of Portland. The capital is Augusta.  - Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption is a novella by Stephen King, from his 1982 collection "Different Seasons", subtitled "Hope Springs Eternal". It is loosely based on Leo Tolstoy short story God Sees the Truth, But Waits. It was adapted for the screen in 1994 as "The Shawshank Redemption", which was nominated for seven Academy Awards in 1994, including Best Picture. In 2009, it was adapted for the stage as the play "The Shawshank Redemption".    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'instance of'.
Answer: