News article:

FAIRFIELD, Ohio -- Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) investigators are working to determine how an experienced maintenance worker was killed Thursday at a Butler County bowling alley. 
  
 David Geiger, 53, died Thursday afternoon after getting caught in a machine he was trying to repair. Authorities said he was working on a pinsetter at Northwest Lanes on Happy Valley Drive at about 2 p.m. when his clothing caught on something and the machine pulled him to his death. 
  
 Customers were inside the bowling alley at the time, but no one saw the accident take place, Fairfield police said. It wasn’t until other employees paged Geiger several times and didn’t get a response that they went looking for him and found his body. 
  
 "He was sent back for a problem with one of the lanes," said Fairfield police spokesperson Doug Day. "He'd been back there, they tried to call him, and when he didn't answer the call they went back there and they found him." 
  
 The Butler County Coroner's Office ruled Geiger's death Friday as accidental traumatic asphyxia. 
  
 A former co-worker, Nathan Hursell, said Geiger had been working in the bowling alley business for 30 years. 
  
 "Dave was a stand-up guy," Hursell said. "He knew exactly what he was doing back there. It's one of those things where you don't think twice of that happening. It's just a common spot that we get in the machines and it's just a freak accident."​ 
  
 Hursell said Geiger worked carefully and was always professional. 
  
 OSHA investigators inspected the bowling alley Friday and said a full investigation could take up to six weeks. They said the bowling alley's owners were cooperating completely and are extremely upset about the incident. 
  
 "The machines are about 40 to 50 years old -- they're good machines, but just like any running machine they're dangerous," Hursell said. "They got gears, pulleys, everything's running back there." 
  
 Managers of Northwest Lanes shut down operations Thursday night but reopened for business Friday. 
  
 OSHA records indicate the last time a person was killed in an accident involving bowling alley equipment was 2006 in Oklahoma. That worker was crushed. ||||| Buy Photo Northwest Lanes in Fairfield (Photo: The Enquirer/Michael Clark)Buy Photo 
  
 A routine bowling alley maintenance call ended in death for a 53-year-old man in Fairfield on Thursday. 
  
 Fairfield Police said the worker at Northwest Lanes died when his clothing was entangled in the pin-setting machinery. 
  
 On Friday, the Butler County Coroner's office identified the man as David Geiger, of Cincinnati. 
  
 Geiger died of traumatic asphyxia and the death was ruled accidental, a coroner's report stated. 
  
 Though bowlers were playing at the time on other lanes, no one saw or heard the man die, said Fairfield police spokesman Doug Day. 
  
 He had worked at the alley for four years and lived in Southwest Ohio but not in Fairfield. 
  
 Another worker at the family-owned alley, which has operated since 1976, found the employee after he did not respond for 10 minutes to another call to fix another bowling lane. 
  
 Owners declined to comment other than to say they were "very sad and upset." 
  
 Buy Photo Fairfield Police outside of Northwest Lanes (Photo: The Enquirer/Michael Clark) 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1u46Mor |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?