Quick Question: Context: As the slide of the pistol enters battery, the striker engages the sear. At this point, the sear is held back in a partially cocked condition. When the trigger of the M&P is pulled, the trigger bar first engages the firing pin safety plunger, lifting it upward, and releasing firing pin safety. At the rearward extreme of the trigger bar's travel, it engages the sear. The sear is rotated downward by the trigger bar, fully cocking, then releasing the striker. The striker makes contact with the primer of the chambered round, which in turn ignites the gunpowder and propels the bullet forward. According to renowned M&P gunsmith Dan Burwell, the angle on the rear face of the sear creates a camming action against the striker. This camming action moves the striker to the rear very slightly during the trigger pull, thus finishing the "cocking". This system is similar to the partially tensioned striker found in the Glock series of pistols. When the pistol cycles for the next shot, the striker will be automatically pre-set in a 98 % cocked position. Because the striker is only 98 % cocked prior to the trigger being pulled, Smith & Wesson classifies the M&P's action as "striker fired (double action only)".

Question: m & p shield 9mm single action or double?
My answer: To answer the question, consider the following: Because the striker is only 98 % cocked prior to the trigger being pulled, Smith & Wesson classifies the M&P's action as "striker fired (double action only)". The answer is double.

Quick Question: For medical purposes, X-ray filters are used to selectively attenuate, or block out, low-energy rays during x-ray imaging (radiography). Low energy x-rays (less than 30 keV) contribute little to the resultant image as they are heavily absorbed by the patient's soft tissues (particularly the skin). Additionally, this absorption adds to the risk of stochastic (e.g. cancer) or non stochastic radiation effects (e.g. tissue reactions) in the patient. Thus, it is favorable to remove these low energy X-rays from the incident light beam. X-ray filtration may be inherent due to the X-ray tube and housing material itself or added from additional sheets of filter material. The minimum filtration used is usually 2.5 mm aluminium (Al) equivalent, although there is an increasing trend to use greater filtration. Manufacturers of modern fluoroscopy equipment utilize a system of adding a variable thickness of copper (Cu) filtration according to patient thickness. This typically ranges from 0.1 to 0.9 mm Cu.

Based on this passage, the function of an x ray beam filter in diagnostic radiology is to?
My answer: To answer the question, consider the following: For medical purposes, X-ray filters are used to selectively attenuate, or block out, low-energy rays during x-ray imaging (radiography). The answer is selectively attenuate , or block out , low - energy rays during x-ray imaging ( radiography ).

Quick Question: Mike's is offered in a variety of formats in both bottles and cans: singles, 6-packs, and multi-packs. All flavors and formats are 5 % ABV, or 3.2 % ABV where required by law, and have been crafted to remove gluten. Besides their flagship lemonade, Mike's offers a variety of permanent and seasonal flavors including Black Cherry, Strawberry, Watermelon, and many more.

Answer this question based on the passage: what are the different kinds of mike's hard lemonade?
My answer: