Article:
The gang were reported to have made off with 300 gold and 200 silver items of jewellery, the cost of which is still being assessed. 
  
 The thieves appeared to have drawn their inspiration from the 'The Red-Headed League,' a popular Sherlock Holmes story that was first published in 1891, while the police said they were still trying to work out the value of what had been stolen. 
  
 In 'The Red-Headed League', rated by Conan Doyle as one of his best stories, a pair of robbers digs up the basement of a pawn broker's shop in 19th century London in order to break into a bank vault next door. 
  
 The thieves get the shop's red-haired owner out of their way by hiring him for an invented but well-paid clerical job. The owner is improbably told that only people with red hair are eligible to do the job. Holmes solves the bizarre case quickly, thwarting the theft by waiting for the thieves in the bank vault and catching them red-handed. 
  
 "The criminals dismantled a brick wall in the flat and then got into the shop where they stole various adornments," said one police source. 
  
 They bought a flat located next to a jeweller's shop in St. Petersburg, Russia's second city, three weeks before the theft. 
  
 The flat shared a common wall with the jewellery shop next door, and neighbours said they thought nothing of it when they heard drilling and hammering, assuming that the flat's new owners were renovating the place. 
  
 The gang finally knocked a hole all the way through into the jewellery shop last weekend, triggering an alarm in the process. But the security guards who responded to the alarm twice assumed nothing was wrong as the doors and windows of the shop showed no signs of a break-in from the outside. ||||| St Petersbourg are no doubt wishing that Sherlock Holmes could give them a helping hand on this most curious incident. (MAXIM MARMUR/GETTY) 
  
 Russian police have said that culprits behind a jewellery heist in St Petersburg used a Sherlock Holmes novel as the blueprint for the robbery. 
  
 Mimicking 120-year-old short story The Red-Headed League from the Sherlock Holmes series by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the gang paid a 74-year-old woman in St Petersburg to leave her flat, which was next door to a jeweller, and then tunnelled through her walls to gain access to the jewellery shop and stole hundreds of gold and silver valuables. 
  
 The burglar alarm in the shop sounded twice during the raid but security guards dismissed it as a false alarm because the doors and windows of the shop were still locked. 
  
 Story continues below 
  
 Advertisement 
  
  
  
 Although the exact trick used to coax the woman out of her flat is still unknown, Russian police believe that it might have been the exact same ruse employed by the criminals on The Red-Headed League. In the book, fictional shop keep Jabez Wilson is lured away from his premises on the promise of a highly paid job for a bogus company that is only open to red-headed men. 
  
 In the 1892 novel, the would-be robbers are caught by Sherlock Holmes who foils their plans by waiting in the bank vault for them to arrive through the walls. In St Petersbourg, however, there was no such obstacle for these literary-loving jewellery thieves. 
  
 One St Petersburg policeman said: “Where was Sherlock when we needed him?”. He went on to add that the gang got away clean, leaving no traces at the scene of the crime. |||||Summary: