What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
. The best way to avoid sexually transmitted infections and/or pregnancy is by delaying or avoiding sexual activity.  But if you do not want to wait, be safe and use a condom every time that you have sex.  It is a common myth that you cannot become pregnant or contract an STI the first time you have sex. You can become pregnant or infected with an STI any time that you have sex, so it is crucial to protect yourself. When used every time and in the right way, condoms are very effective in preventing STIs.  If your partner protests using condoms, do not give in to the pressure. Make it clear that you are not interested in a sexual relationship unless it is a safe one.  You may also consider getting a vaccine to prevent HPV, which is the virus that causes genital warts and cervical cancer. Talk to your doctor about HPV vaccines like Gardasil and Cervarix. Birth control pills alone will not prevent against sexually transmitted infection, but using birth control pills as well as a condom can reduce your risk of pregnancy even further. Condoms are 82% effective against pregnancy, while birth control pills are 91% effective against pregnancy. Therefore, using condoms and birth control pills together can reduce your chances of becoming pregnant even further while still helping to protect you from STIs. The first time can be very stressful, so you might benefit from doing some stress reduction exercises before you get started. Try taking long, deep breaths to calm yourself before you have sex. Remember that everyone is a little nervous the first time, so there is nothing abnormal about feeling this way. Part of what makes sex fun is the foreplay and romance. Take your time and enjoy the moment. Don’t feel like you need to race to finish. Just take your time and enjoy the experience. Try setting a romantic mood by playing some soft music, dimming the lights, and talking for a bit before you start. If you are not enjoying the experience at any point, you should tell your partner. Likewise, if your partner asks you to stop at any time, stop. Sometimes sex can be painful the first time, which is normal. But if you are just not enjoying yourself, it is important to let your partner know so that you can adjust your position or decide to try again some other time. Although movies and TV might make sex seem like a glamorous, romantic experience, it can actually be very awkward. The first time may be especially awkward because it is such a new experience for you. Just keep in mind that this awkwardness is normal and you should not feel embarrassed or ashamed about it. After the sex is over and you have time to think and process the experience, you might begin to feel some emotions that are new to you. It is normal to feel strange after your first sexual experience with someone. If you have trouble coping with these emotions, discuss them with someone you trust, such as a parent, counselor, or close friend. There are a lot of steps between holding hands and having sex. If it feels like your relationship with your partner is progressing too quickly, try to slow it down with other intimate acts first that don't require sex, such as kissing, petting around, and hugging intimately. You can also talk about sex, marriage, or children, which can stimulate some people. Be affectionate in a way that makes both of you feel more comfortable with the another.