What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Now you will need to complete the application form in full, following the guidelines given. You will need to state what kind of copy you require, authorized or informational, as well as stating your connection to the person named on the birth certificate.  You must provide personal information about the person applying for the birth certificate. This includes the name and address, as well as the reason for requesting the certificate. You will be asked to the name, city of birth, date of birth, and parents of the person named on the certificate, to the best of your knowledge. A notary public is someone who is legally authorized to perform legal formalities. If you're ordering an “authorized copy”, you must have your sworn statement notarized. This means that you need to take your sworn statement to the notary public. They will authorize your sworn statement and seal it.  You can access a full and updated database of Notary Publics in California by visiting the Secretary of State's website: http://www.sos.ca.gov/notary/notary-public-listing/. You can also look up Notary Publics by city, zip code, and county through online search tools.  You don’t need to do this if you are only ordering an “informational copy,” but you must indicate this on your application. If you do not state that you want an “informational copy,” and you do not present a notarized statement, your application will be sent back to you and you will have to send it in again with the proper information. A certified birth certificate fee must accompany your application. Requests received without the appropriate fee will be returned. The current fee for a  certified copy of a birth certificate is $25. Check the list of fees online in case of any changes, before you write the check: https://www.cdph.ca.gov/Programs/CHSI/Pages/Vital-Records-Fees.aspx.  Make your check or money order payable to CDPH Vital Records. The check must be from a United States bank. Do not send cash. CDPH won't be responsible if cash is lost in the mail. Know that if no record is found, the CDPH will issue a statement stating Certificate of No Public Record, and will keep the fee for the search, as per state law. You should send in your completed application, your notarized sworn statement (if you applying for an “authorized copy”), and the check or postal order for the certified copy fee to the California Department of Public Health. Send your application to:  California Department of Public Health Vital Records - MS 5103 P.O. Box 997410 Sacramento, CA 95899-7410 If you are using a courier service, and must send the application to a physical address, use: California Department of Public Health Vital Records - MS 5103 1501 Capitol Avenue Sacramento, CA 95814 Once you have submitted all the forms and payment, you just have to wait for your application to be processed. Requests for certified birth certificates typically take around 15 business days to process. This is an estimated time that is subject to change depending on the volume of applications received.  Sometimes County Record Officers can process applications more quickly. If you need the certificate sooner, contact the Officer from the county where the birth took place. The contact details of the County Record Officers in California are available here: http://www.cdph.ca.gov/certlic/birthdeathmar/pages/countyrecorderoffice.aspx

Summary: