Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Associated Press. and Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 20:48 EST, 6 March 2014. |. UPDATED:. 07:05 EST, 7 March 2014. A Rhode Island boy battling leukemia for the second time who wants to become a police officer has received the surprise birthday party of a lifetime. Tyler Seddon turned seven on Thursday and was named honorary police chief of his hometown of Burrillville. He was given a citation by the governor to recognize his service as 'chief' and driven around in a police cruiser. Second battle: Seven-year-old Tyler Seddon is fighting leukemia for the second time. Solemn occasion: Tyler Seddon is sworn in as chief for his seventh birthday with his mother Rachel Seddon-Dunn by his side. Friends in high places: Tyler poses for photos with family and police officials. The chief: Tyler Seddon with Rhode Island police officers after being sworn in as honorary police chief. A convoy of more than 200 police vehicles and fire trucks traveled to Burrillville this morning to pick Tyler up and take him to be sworn in at the police station as honorary Police Chief of the town. Tyler’s favorite Burrillville police officer, Sgt. Brian Pitts, drove him from his house this morning to the police station, where he pinky-promised and crossed his heart that he would serve for his 'whole entire birthday,' reports Boston.com. Tyler's first words to his officers were, 'Be safe out there.' Convoy: Tyler's birthday drew so many first responders that police advised motorist to avoid Route 102 due to traffic. Outpouring of love: Tyler Seddon's seventh birthday drew hundreds of police and fire fighters to Burrillville. Across seas: Others who couldn't be there sent their messages and photographs through Facebook, like Luca Pontane from Pordenone, Italy. 'It was overwhelming,' Major Larry Guglietta of the Burrillville Police Department told ABC News. 'I mean the outpouring of support from police and fire, we estimated it was 800 public safety officials present.' First responders from as far away as Kentucky were there to support Tyler. Tyler was also made the honorary Governor of Rhode Island for the day by Governor Lincoln Chafee, honorary attorney general, a state trooper, and fire chief. Before Tyler's birthday his mother, Rachel Seddon-Dunn, put out an appeal on social media asking first responders to send birthday messages to her son. It soon went viral and she received messages from far and wide, with birthday messages arriving for Tyler from all over the country and even Italy, Germany and the Netherlands. Classmates: Local children also showed their support for Tyler. Small boy, big heart: Tyler's story affected hundred of law enforcement officers and first responders, who wanted to be there for his birthday. In Los Angeles, the city's Police Chief sent Tyler a personal video. 'Tyler, once again, happy birthday, you stay in the fight little brother, you’re going to do great,' Los Angeles Police Department Chief Charlie Beck said. After he was sworn in, Tyler was taken to his elementary school in convoy where students chanted his name as he was showered with cards and gifts. Next, he was taken to Wright's Farm restaurant where he greets responders in a receiving line and had birthday cake. Tyler is waiting for a bone marrow match - and he may find it soon. Boston.com reports that 100 people signed up as donors at his birthday party.

Highlights: