Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Tottenham's home clash with Stoke... Tottenham Hotspur vs Stoke City (White Hart Lane) Kick-off: Sunday 1.30pm. Odds (subject to change):. Tottenham 4/6. Draw 11/4. Stoke 4/1. Referee: Mike Jones. Managers: Mauricio Pochettino (Tottenham), Mark Hughes (Stoke) Head-to-head league record: Tottenham wins 42, draws 17, Stoke wins 19. Team news. Tottenham. Aaron Lennon and Emmanuel Adebayor are to be assessed before Tottenham's return to  Premier League action against Stoke. The pair were rested for the midweek Europa League trip to Asteras Tripoli due to slight hamstring complaints. Kyle Walker continues to miss out following abdominal surgery, while Nabil Bentaleb is absent due to an ankle complaint. Provisional squad: Lloris, Vorm, Friedel, Naughton, Dier, Rose, Davies, Kaboul, Chiriches, Fazio, Vertonghen, Dembele, Capoue, Stambouli, Mason, Paulinho, Lamela, Lennon, Chadli, Townsend, Eriksen, Kane, Soldado, Adebayor. Emmanuel Adebayor could return for Spurs after missing their midweek Europa League tie with a slight injury. Stoke. Peter Crouch, Phil Bardsley and Marc Muniesa are back available for Sunday's  away clash with Tottenham, while Marko Arnautovic remains in line to feature despite breaking his hand. Ex-Spurs man Crouch and Bardsley sat out the 2-2 home draw with West Ham last Saturday due to suspensions, while Muniesa was nursing an ankle problem. Although Arnautovic is not expected to be kept out by the injury he suffered in training earlier this week, the same cannot be said of Dionatan Teixeira, who broke his foot on the same day and has joined Robert Huth (calf), Glenn Whelan (broken leg) and and Peter Odemwingie (knee) on the sidelines. Provisional squad: Begovic, Sorensen, Wilson, Shawcross, Pieters, Cameron, Muniesa, Bardsley, Nzonzi, Adam, Sidwell, Ireland, Walters, Arnautovic, Bojan, Assaidi, Moses, Diouf, Crouch. Peter Crouch is back available for Stoke after returning from a one-game ban for being sent off. Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Tottenham have won six and lost just one of the last nine  Premier League games against Stoke City. The Potters have only won one of six trips to White Hart Lane in the Premier League (D2 L3). Spurs have lost three of their last four Premier League matches at White Hart Lane (W1). Stoke have won none of their last six Premier League away trips to London (D1 L5). Tottenham have kept only one clean sheet in their last eight Premier League outings. Stoke City goalkeeper Steve Simonsen saves from Robbie Keane during the Potters' last win at Tottenham, as they went on to triumph 1-0 at White Hart Lane in October 2009. Stoke have lost only one of their last nine Premier League games in November (W4 D4). The Potters have scored only two goals in the last 30 minutes of games all season. Only four players (Fabregas, Sigurdsson, Tadic and Baines) have assisted more Premier League goals than Erik Lamela (4) this season. Heading into MD11, no player has been caught offside more times than Emmanuel Adebayor this season (10 times, level with Berahino). Hugo Lloris has parried more saves back into a dangerous scenario than any other goalkeeper this season (12).
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: