Write highlights for this article:

By. Tom Gardner. PUBLISHED:. 06:41 EST, 15 June 2012. |. UPDATED:. 06:47 EST, 15 June 2012. A thug who attacked a bus passenger with a claw hammer in broad daylight then told the driver ‘sorry about that, drive’ has been jailed for three years after the sickening CCTV footage of the incident was played to a judge. Russell Edwards, 42, boarded the bus without paying before climbing the stairs and using the hammer to batter a helpless teenager in the head. He demanded the 17-year-old victim hand over his cash and mobile phone as other terrified passengers tried to flee the vehicle. Scroll down for video. Brutal: Russell Edwards, clearly brandishing the claw hammer in this CCTV footage, cornered his terrified victim on the top level of the bus. Edwards took just £18 and the teenager’s mobile phone before telling him not to return to that area of Bristol again. The. thug then coolly walked down the stairs and left the bus - apologising. to the stunned driver for the disturbance. The terrifying attack was. caught on CCTV. Edwards, who. has previous convictions for ABH and affray, pleaded guilty to robbery. and possession of an offensive weapon at Bristol Crown Court. He wept in the dock as Recorder Mr Nicholas Atkinson QC jailed him yesterday for three years. Recordrtold. Edwards: ‘I am afraid this incident was pre-planned to an extent. because you went in pursuit of this young man and chose to arm yourself. with a claw hammer. Threat: Edwards approaches his unsuspecting 17-year-old victim who was sitting on his own on the top deck of the bus. Attack: The chilling moment thug Edward attacked a bus passenger with a claw hammer in broad daylight was played to the court before he was sentenced to three years in jail. Cowering: The 42-year-old father of one made his victim hand over £18 and his mobile phone during the frightening attack. ‘You went on to the upper deck of the bus where other passengers were and attacked a man half your age. ‘This incident was aggravated because it was during the day and on public transport.’ The court was told how Edwards boarded the number 76 First Bus near his home in Hartcliffe, Bristol, at 1pm on February 6. Edwards climbed to the upper deck of the bus before approaching the teenager, whom he believed had stolen from him. Chilling CCTV footage played to the court shows him cornering the teenager before striking him with the handle as he holds out his hand demanding cash. Chilling: Edwards coolly walks away after the brutal attacked which left his teenage victim crouched in fear at the back of the bus. 'Sorry': The composed thug apologised to the driver, telling him 'sorry about that, drive', after he attacked and robbed a passenger. He is then seen striking the victim twice with his left and once with the head of the hammer to the head. Prosecuting, John Penny told the court: ‘There were other passengers at the front of the top deck who left when they saw what was happening. ‘The defendant demanded money and then hit the teenager in the face with the wooden hammer to re-enforce the demand. ‘He handed over around £18 and then the defendant demanded his phone. He refused and the defendant patted him down and took it. ‘As he left the bus he also said ‘Sorry about that drive’.’ Defending, Simon Burns told the court Edwards, who has a 12-year-old son, believed the teenager may have stolen from him and was enraged.

Highlights: