Anjem Choudary among nine arrested in London anti-terrorism raid

Anjem Choudary, one of the most high profile Islamists in Britain, has been arrested by police for allegedly encouraging terrorism.

Choudary, 47, was one of nine men arrested by officers from Scotland Yard’s counter-terrorism command on Thursday morning.

Police gave only sparse details, but the men were arrested on suspicion of being members of a proscribed organisation, supporting a proscribed organisation, as well as encouraging terrorism.

Choudary gained publicity for statements over the years which inflamed some people, but which stayed on the right side of the law.

He is a former lawyer, self styled preacher and says he is an expert in Islamic or Shariah law.

On Thursday morning his phone was uncharacteristically switched off and a chat group he uses to communicate his message through was silent and saying it was last viewed at 5.33am.

The men arrested were aged from 22 to 51 years old and were all detained in London.

Police said a total of 19 addresses were being searched, mostly in London. Police said community premises were being raided, as well as residential and business addresses. One address is in Stoke-on-Trent in the Midlands, eleven in east London, one in west London, one in north-west London and five in south London.

Neighbours said Choudhury appeared to move out of his semi-detached home in Walthamstow, north-east London, last week and that there was significant police activity at the address over the weekend.

“The police activity was definitely last week,” said one neighbour, who declined to be named. “Police officers came round and went up the doorstep - two were walking around constantly and there were three police cars parked down the road. They were in pairs. A police car came round a few times. Later that evening I saw the light on upstairs after the police had gone.”

The neighbour added that Choudhury lived in the house for two or three years but removed some belongings last week.

“We’ve had leaflets from rightwing groups put though our door saying do you know he lives down your street,” the neighbour said, adding that they were on “nodding terms” with Choudhury.

Another neighbour, Derek Rayner, 70, said Choudhary “kept himself to himself” but was not popular with local residents.

“He hasn’t done me any harm personally and he hasn’t done his neighbours any harm but I just don’t want him on my doorstep,” Rayner said.

On Thursday morning the property where Choudhary lived was covered in scaffolding, with a number of workers leaving and entering the house.

It is unclear whether Choudhary has moved out of the address permanently or until the works, which started several weeks ago, are completed.

In a statement the Met said: “These arrests and searches are part of an ongoing investigation into Islamist related terrorism and are not in response to any immediate public safety risk.”

Those arrested in Thursday’s raids are being held at police stations in the capital.

The Met said: “Officers from the Metropolitan police service’s counter-terrorism command have arrested nine men this morning, Thursday, 25 September, on suspicion of being a member of a proscribed organisation, supporting a proscribed organisation contrary to Section 11 and 12 of the Terrorism Act 2000 and encouraging terrorism contrary to Section 1 of the Terrorism Act 2006.”
What are the most important parts of this text?