q... Garibi Hatao desh bachao ("Abolish poverty, save the nation") was the theme and slogan of Indira Gandhi's 1971 election bid and later also used by her son Rajiv Gandhi. The slogan and the proposed anti-poverty programs that came with it were designed to give Gandhi an independent national support, based on rural and urban poor, which would allow her to by-pass the dominant rural castes both in and out of state and local government; likewise the urban commercial class. And, for their part, the previously voiceless poor would at last gain both political worth and political weight.

Garibi hatao was the main objective of which plan?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Garibi Hatao desh bachao ("Abolish poverty, save the nation") was the theme and slogan of Indira Gandhi's 1971 election bid and later also used by her son Rajiv Gandhi.
The answer is Indira Gandhi 's 1971 election bid and later also used by her son Rajiv Gandhi


q... The New Zealand dollar (sign: $; code: NZD) (M훮ori: T훮ra o Aotearoa) is the currency and legal tender of New Zealand, the Cook Islands, Niue, the Ross Dependency, Tokelau, and a British territory, the Pitcairn Islands. Within New Zealand, it is almost always abbreviated with the dollar sign ($), with "NZ $" sometimes used to distinguish it from other dollar-denominated currencies. In the context of currency trading, it is often informally called the "Kiwi", since New Zealand is commonly associated with the indigenous bird and the one-dollar coin depicts a kiwi.

Answer this question based on the passage: what kind of currency is used in new zealand?
a... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The New Zealand dollar (sign: $; code: NZD) (M훮ori: T훮ra o Aotearoa) is the currency and legal tender of New Zealand, the Cook Islands, Niue, the Ross Dependency, Tokelau, and a British territory, the Pitcairn Islands.
The answer is dollar


q... Context: Blood urea nitrogen (BUN) is a medical test that measures the amount of urea nitrogen found in blood. The liver produces urea in the urea cycle as a waste product of the digestion of protein. Normal human adult blood should contain between 6 and 20 mg of urea nitrogen per 100 ml (6 -- 20 mg / dL) of blood. Individual laboratories will have different reference ranges as the assay used will vary between laboratories.

Question: what is the normal range for urea nitrogen?
a... To answer this question, we should know that: Normal human adult blood should contain between 6 and 20 mg of urea nitrogen per 100 ml (6 -- 20 mg / dL) of blood.
The answer is between 6 and 20 mg of urea nitrogen per 100 ml ( 6 -- 20 mg / dL ) of blood


q... Star vs. the Forces of Evil is an American animated television series created by Daron Nefcy and developed by Jordana Arkin and Dave Wasson, which airs on Disney XD. The first Disney XD series created by a woman, and the third overall for Disney Television Animation (following Pepper Ann and Doc McStuffins), it follows the adventures of Star Butterfly (voiced by Eden Sher), the turbulent young heir to the royal throne in the dimension of Mewni, who is sent to Earth so she can complete her education and learn to be a worthy princess, and Marco Diaz (Adam McArthur), a human teenager who becomes her roommate and best friend, as they live their daily lives, and go on adventures in other dimensions.

Who is the creator of star vs the forces of evil?
a...