Q: Sydney Bertram Carter (6 May 1915 -- 13 March 2004) was an English poet, songwriter, folk musician, born in Camden Town, London. He is best known for the song "Lord of the Dance" (1967), set to the tune of the American Shaker song "Simple Gifts", and the song "The Crow on the Cradle". Other notable songs include "Julian of Norwich" (sometimes called "The Bells of Norwich"), based on words of Julian of Norwich, "One More Step Along the World I Go", "When I Needed a Neighbour", "Friday Morning", "Every Star Shall Sing a Carol", "The Youth of the Heart", "Down Below" and "Sing John Ball".

Based on this passage, who wrote one more step along the world i go?
A: Sydney Bertram Carter. How to explain the answer? To answer this question, we should know that: Other notable songs include "Julian of Norwich" (sometimes called "The Bells of Norwich"), based on words of Julian of Norwich, "One More Step Along the World I Go", "When I Needed a Neighbour", "Friday Morning", "Every Star Shall Sing a Carol", "The Youth of the Heart", "Down Below" and "Sing John Ball".

Q: Context: "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" is a song written and performed by the British new wave music duo Eurythmics. The song is the title track of their album of the same name and was released as the fourth and final single from the album in early 1983. The song became their breakthrough hit, establishing the duo worldwide. Its music video helped to propel the song to number 2 on the UK Singles Chart and number 1 on the US Billboard Hot 100. It was the first single released by Eurythmics in the US.

Question: who sings sweet dreams are made of you?
A: the British new wave music duo Eurythmics. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" is a song written and performed by the British new wave music duo Eurythmics.

Q: The Brooklyn Dodgers was an American Major League baseball team, active primarily in the National League from 1884 until 1957, after which the club moved to Los Angeles, where it continues its history as the Los Angeles Dodgers. The team's name derived from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city's trolley streetcar network. The Dodgers played in two stadiums in South Brooklyn, each named Washington Park, and at Eastern Park in the neighborhood of Brownsville before moving to Ebbets Field in the neighborhood of Flatbush in 1913. The team is noted for signing Jackie Robinson in 1947 as the first black player in the modern major leagues.

Where did the name'brooklyn dodgers' come from?
A: from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city 's trolley streetcar network. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: The team's name derived from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city's trolley streetcar network.

Q: Passage: The 2018 NBA All-Star Game will be the 67th edition and is an exhibition basketball game that will be played on February 18, 2018. It will be held at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, home of the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers. In an announcement on March 22, 2016, it will be the sixth time that Los Angeles will host the All-Star Game and the first time since 2011. The game will be televised nationally by TNT for the 16th consecutive year.

Question: Based on this passage, where is the nba all-star game going to be at this year?
A: