Definition: In this task, you need to write an incorrect answer to the given question. Along with the question, you are also given the correct answer(s) and the associated paragraph. An incorrect answer should be closely related to the content of the paragraph and/or the question but will not truthfully answer the question. Your incorrect answers should be similar to the given correct answer such that it will pose a challenge for students to distinguish the two. A good incorrect answer should prevent those who skip the paragraph from answering the question. The incorrect answer should not be trivial, in the sense that they should not be easily eliminated without reading the paragraph.
Input: Paragraph- Sent 1: After the 1998 embassy bombings, the U.S. government tried to develop a clearer picture of  Bin Laden's finances.
Sent 2: A U.S. interagency group traveled to Saudi Arabia twice, in 1999 and 2000, to get information from the Saudis about their understanding of those finances.
Sent 3: The group eventually concluded that the oft-repeated assertion that  Bin Laden was funding al Qaeda from his personal fortune was in fact not true.
Sent 4: The officials developed a new theory: al Qaeda was getting its money elsewhere, and the United States needed to focus on other sources of funding, such as charities, wealthy donors, and financial facilitators.
Sent 5: Ultimately, although the intelligence community devoted more resources to the issue and produced somewhat more intelligence, it remained difficult to distinguish al Qaeda's financial transactions among the vast sums moving in the international financial system.
Sent 6: The CIA was not able to find or disrupt al Qaeda's money flows.
Sent 7: The NSC staff thought that one possible solution to these weaknesses in the intelligence community was to create an all-source terrorist-financing intelligence analysis center.
Sent 8: Clarke pushed for the funding of such a center at Treasury, but neither Treasury nor the CIA was willing to commit the resources.
Sent 9: Within the United States, various FBI field offices gathered intelligence on organizations suspected of raising funds for al Qaeda or other terrorist groups.
Sent 10: By 9/11, FBI agents understood that there were extremist organizations operating within the United States supporting a global jihadist movement and with substantial connections to al Qaeda.
Sent 11: The FBI operated a web of informants, conducted electronic surveillance, and had opened significant investigations in a number of field offices, including New York, Chicago, Detroit, San Diego, and Minneapolis.
Sent 12: On a national level, however, the FBI never used the information to gain a systematic or strategic understanding of the nature and extent of al Qaeda fundraising.
Sent 13: Treasury regulators, as well as U.S. financial institutions, were generally focused on finding and deterring or disrupting the vast flows of U.S. currency generated by drug trafficking and high-level international fraud.
Sent 14: Large-scale scandals, such as the use of the Bank of New York by Russian money launderers to move millions of dollars out of Russia, captured the attention of the Department of the Treasury and of Congress.
Sent 15: Before 9/11, Treasury did not consider terrorist financing important enough to mention in its national strategy for money laundering. 
Question: What type of center did Clarke push funding for?.
Output: