News article:

Washington (CNN) Former Sen. Joe Lieberman is one of President Donald Trump's top picks to be nominated as FBI director, Trump said Thursday. 
  
 Speaking to reporters while meeting with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, Trump said he is "very close" to choosing a new FBI director to replace James Comey. And asked if Lieberman, the Democrat-turned-independent senator from Connecticut was a top candidate, Trump said yes. 
  
 Trump met with Lieberman Wednesday and found him "agreeable," a source said. 
  
 Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have been interviewing candidates to lead the bureau since Trump suddenly fired former Comey last week only a few years into what was created to be up to a 10-year term. 
  
 The circumstances surrounding the firing have made the appointment closely watched, with senators calling for an unimpeachable, nonpartisan appointment. 
  
 The firing drew instant criticism from both sides of the aisle, as Comey was overseeing the investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 US election and any possible links between the Trump camp and Russia during the campaign. 
  
 While Trump's team initially claimed that the firing came after a review by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, laid out in a memo, that largely faulted Comey on his handling of the investigation into the private email server of Hillary Clinton, Trump later said in an interview he had already decided to fire Comey and cited the Russia investigation as being at the top of mind. 
  
 After the firing, Rosenstein announced he would appoint a special counsel to oversee the investigation -- his decision because Sessions recused himself from it. Rosenstein only informed the White House of his decision to bring on former FBI Director Robert Mueller after the order was signed and less than an hour before it was announced publicly. 
  
 The naming of the special counsel has appeased some Democrats, who were threatening to try to block any FBI director until such a move was made. But the appointment does not assuage all concerns, and an FBI director would still play a major role as things moved forward. 
  
 Already one red-state Democrat, who would be a top target for Republicans to support a candidate, stated she would not be pleased with Lieberman as a pick. 
  
 "It's a mistake to nominate anyone who's ever run for office," Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill told reporters. "I'm somebody who spent a lot of time in law enforcement; this is a moment where we need a law enforcement professional that's never campaigned for a presidential candidate, never campaigned for office, never worn a party label to head the FBI." 
  
 Lieberman's long history in politics 
  
 Lieberman was Democrat Al Gore's vice presidential nominee in 2000 and unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004. 
  
 But Lieberman, 75, is not necessarily popular with Democrats. He lost to a Senate primary challenger in 2006 and only retained his seat after he switched his party to independent. He also backed Republican Sen. John McCain's presidential bid in 2008 over Barack Obama, speaking at the Republican National Convention that year. 
  
 Since leaving the Senate, Lieberman has been a senior counsel at the New York law firm Kasowitz, Benson, Torres & Friedman LLP and serves on a number of boards. 
  
 Potentially complicating his issues with Democrats, Lieberman's firm has represented Trump in past litigation. 
  
 Other candidates considered included current acting Director Andrew McCabe, former Oklahoma Gov. and FBI Agent Frank Keating, career FBI official Richard McFeely and Texas Sen. John Cornyn and New York Judge Michael Garcia, who both withdrew their names. 
  
 When Cornyn was under consideration, even his GOP colleagues questioned whether he would be the right choice as an elected official. 
  
 Lieberman's closest law enforcement experience is serving as his state's attorney general, an elected position. FBI directors traditionally have had prosecutorial experience, either as an FBI agent or as a member of the Justice Department. 
  
 Lieberman was born in Stamford, Connecticut, educated at Yale and Yale Law school, and served in the Connecticut state senate and as attorney general of the state before being elected as the state's Senator in Washington. 
  
 First elected in 1988, Lieberman served as a Democrat until 2006, when he became an independent who caucused with the Democrats. He did not seek re-election in 2012. 
  
 Lieberman is perhaps most famous for joining the ticket with Gore in his unsuccessful run for president in the 2000 election. Lieberman's selection as a vice presidential candidate was the first time a Jewish person was on a major party's presidential ticket. 
  
 The former senator was known to buck his party even before endorsing McCain. Lieberman was the first Democratic senator to criticize former President Bill Clinton publicly during the Monica Lewinsky scandal. 
  
 Lieberman is a devout follower of Orthodox Judaism. 
  
 Clarification: This story has been updated to clarify the question Trump was asked about Lieberman. ||||| WASHINGTON—Former U.S. Sen. Joe Lieberman is the leading contender to be President Donald Trump’s pick to run the Federal Bureau of Investigation, a senior administration official said. 
  
 Mr. Trump told reporters on Thursday that Mr. Lieberman is a top choice. Asked if Mr. Lieberman was one of his top picks, Mr. Trump said, “He is.” 
  
 Selecting... ||||| President Donald Trump may be dramatically miscalculating how much support Sen. Joe Lieberman would have among his former Democratic colleagues if nominated to become FBI director. 
  
 Some Senate Democrats hold a grudge against Lieberman for his rightward turn and opposition to some of President Barack Obama's agenda late in his Senate career. Others say even though they respect Lieberman, the job of FBI director should not go to a former politician. And all Democratic senators interviewed for this story said the former Connecticut senator lacks the kind of experience needed for the post. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 The 2000 Democratic vice presidential candidate, who later caucused with the party as an independent in the Senate after losing his 2006 Senate primary, has emerged as a front-runner to replace fired FBI Director James Comey. But Lieberman's nomination likely would produce the most partisan vote for an FBI chief in Senate history. Typically, nominees for the job have been approved unanimously or with token opposition. 
  
 “I don’t think there's going to be much excitement about that from our side of the aisle. Not because we don’t respect Joe Lieberman. But we need a law enforcement professional, not someone who’s run for office before,” said Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.). “We don’t need anyone who’s put on a red shirt or blue shirt — or who’s campaigned for president.” Lieberman ran for president in 2004. 
  
 Republicans are lining up behind Lieberman, who left the Senate in 2013 after four terms. Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) called him a "person of unquestioned integrity and that's what we need." Added Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who has spoken to Lieberman about the job: "If the president picked Joe Lieberman he’d be doing [the] country a good service and, I think, the FBI a good service." 
  
 But Republicans seem to be overstating Lieberman's Democratic support. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) predicted Lieberman would get 100 votes, a near impossibility. 
  
 But Lieberman’s relationship with Democrats is damaged. After he left office, he urged senators in his own party to reject Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, infuriating Democrats. And his relationship with Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Graham — the trio were known as the “three amigos” — tilted the Senate in a more hawkish direction during the first four years of Obama’s presidency. In 2008, Lieberman endorsed McCain over Obama for president. 
  
 “He has a history of angering Democrats and Republicans, which is probably a good experience for being FBI director. But my concern is about someone with a political background. This is a moment for someone with a law enforcement background,” said Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), who holds Lieberman’s old seat. “It’s really important to restore people’s faith in the FBI.” 
  
 Perhaps most surprising, Lieberman lacks support across the Democratic ideological spectrum. Moderates like McCaskill and Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), who are up for reelection in 2018 and could face difficult votes if Lieberman is indeed the nominee, are not lobbying for the former centrist Democratic senator. 
  
 “Any other time, man, Joe is an excellent, excellent, choice,” Manchin said. 
  
 Still, many liberals flat out don't like Lieberman. In an interview, Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) fumed about Lieberman’s efforts to undercut more generous Medicare benefits in Obamacare and his relative closeness to Trump. After a monologue on Lieberman's faults, Brown ended by telling a reporter: “That’s all on the record.” 
  
 “Joe Lieberman has no real law enforcement credentials. Look where he works now, a Trump law firm. That tells me a lot,” Brown said, referring to the law firm where Lieberman now works that represents Trump. 
  
 Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. 
  
 Lieberman also opposed a Democratic proposal to extend Medicare to people 55 and older, infuriating liberals. “He’s the reason we lost Medicare at 55 … Couldn’t have had anything to do with the insurance industry lobbying in Hartford. I’m sure Lieberman couldn’t succumb to that,” Brown said sarcastically. 
  
 Trump said on Thursday that he’s “very close” on selecting a nominee. Republicans have the votes to confirm him if they stay united. But Lieberman is unlikely to garner a large bipartisan majority, which could fuel accusations that Republicans are politicizing the FBI. 
  
 “We ought to stay away from political figures,” said Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.). “All the voting history, all the party history, whatever it is, I would stay away from it. Stick with the professionals.” 
  
 Elana Schor contributed to this report. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?