On September 18, date of the Scottish referendum, something infinitely less seismic is happening that is nonetheless of quiet importance to the parish of British tennis. As Scottish residents cast their votes, the draw for next year's Davis Cup World Group will take place and, for the domestic game and its key player Andy Murray, those two things could be very much interlinked. In response to a question about the Rio Olympics Murray said last week that, in the event of the Yes vote, he 'assumed' he would be playing for Scotland, but a deeper look into the matter shows it may be less straightforward than anyone – including Murray himself – might think. Team GB: Murray has an impressive Davis Cup record for Great Britain, winning 19 of his 21 singles matches. In fact, such are the uncertainties that tennis and other sports are trying to grapple with, that one many eventual scenarios if separation happens could even be that he continues to play for GB in the Davis Cup while turning out for Scotland in Rio. Such is the confusion associated with the increasingly likely outcome of a Yes vote that, in tennis, it has become the subject that nobody wants to talk about. Murray's endorsement may be the glittering prize for either side of the independence argument but, understandably in some ways, he continues to tiptoe around it as the implications are considerable for the reigning Sports Personality of the Year. It is not just him anxious to avoid discussion. Lawn Tennis Association Chief Executive Michael Downey is another to have stayed determinedly uncommitted on the issue. Tennis Scotland are desperate to remain neutral, despite it being massively important to the future of the game north of the border. Broader governing body The International Tennis Federation restricts itself to setting out procedural elements in the event of a Yes vote. Option? Davis Cup captain Leon Smith (right) might not be able to pick Andy Murray for his side in the future. Part of the reason is that there would be no meaningful precedent if Scotland breaks away. According to one official, the only comparable scenario is the recent secession of South Sudan from Sudan (the former Yugoslavia is not an equivalent as, unlike GB, it ceased to exist). While Sudan does have a national tennis association, and competed in the Davis Cup up to 2001, war-torn South Sudan has got infinitely more important things to consider than setting up sporting administrations in the new country. In the UK tennis, a completely integrated sport with no meaningful history of Scotland competing separately, is an interesting study of the difficulties and fears affecting sports north of the border with the possibility of independence, especially those that supply Olympic teams. Scotland is affiliated to the LTA in the same way that, say, Yorkshire or Lancashire are, and Tennis Scotland receives a basic grant of £800,000 annually from the centre plus support for athletes and facilities. The Independence white paper is thin on detail about how and when this kind of money would be replaced. In the seductive Socialist utopia promised by the SNP, in which public spending will go up while things like corporation tax goes down, there are assurances that funding levels for world class sport will survive a schism with the south. Big question: LTA Chief Executive Michael Downey must formulate a plan to find the next Andy Murray. David Marshall, Chief Executive of Tennis Scotland, is among those reluctant to be drawn about the myriad implications, but admitted 'The honest position just now is that there will be a lot of negotiations and decisions in the event of a Yes vote that are impossible to predict, and sport is unlikely to be at the top of the pile. 'There are a lot of unknowns which make it impossible to have a clear idea of what is going to happen. It seems a waste of money to get legal advice about what could be when there are so many unknowns in the situation. It will be different for each sport.' One possible outcome that has been discussed among various Olympic sport is that what may emerge for some is a compromise along the lines of what happens for some sports in Ireland, which have remained united even though Eire is a separate sovereign nation. Gold: The Scot represented Team GB at the London 2012 Olympics, winning a Gold and Silver medal. Some governing bodies are extremely sceptical about whether legal and constitutional issues could be solved in time to allow a separate Scotland to compete at Rio 2016, something that would affect the ex Wimbledon champion among others. Sir Craig Reedie, vice-president of the IOC, is the latest to point this out. A tennis team is logistically far easier to organise than, say, rowing or sailing. Yet an idea of how complex Olympic entry could be in the case of tennis comes with the dry-as-dust response of a spokesperson for the ITF (which runs the sport at the Olympics) to inquiries about how an independent Scotland would proceed after a theoretical split from the LTA. Here goes: 'In order to take part in any ITF team competition a nation has to be a 'Class B' member. A National Tennis Association may apply for membership of the ITF in accordance with the ITF Constitution. In order to apply for membership a National Association must first be a member of the Regional Tennis Association (a low profile body called Tennis Europe in Scotland's case) and in the case of Class B members, a member of the National Olympic Committee or a member state of the United Nations. All memberships must be approved at the ITF Annual General Meeting.' Doubles triumph: Murray teamed up with Laura Robson to win Silver in the mixed doubles at London 2012. To summarise, that suggests a tricky number of hurdles would need to be cleared in a short period for Olympic participation, at a time when sport would hardly be at the top of a new Scottish government's in-tray with so many more important matters to be sorted out. It is also ITF policy that a player can represent who he or she wants providing they have the requisite passport from that nation – and who gets to hold which passport will be among the thorniest issues to sort out in the event of a Yes vote. You can see why highly focussed athletes do not want to get involved in this kind of minutiae, and also why potential Olympians north of the border might be concerned, given all the possible outcomes and funding implications. It is also easy to understand why Murray, his family and the likes of close friend Sir Chris Hoy are very keen not to become embroiled in a campaign getting more heated and unpleasant the nearer polling day comes. They are part of what might be termed the fearful undeclared. If they were to come out on the No side they will be subject to the vicious attacks of the 'Cybernats' and other pro-independence supporters. If they were to express a view in favour of a Yes vote it would open them up to charges of being anti-English, and doubtless unsettle commercial sponsors as well. This is a particularly sensitive time for the former Wimbledon champion in that regard, as his main apparel contract with adidas is due for renewal on January 1. Negotiations are ongoing with them and others who might wish to sign him with its worth likely to be in the region of £3 million per year, give or take performance clauses. Breakthrough: The Scot's straight sets win over Roger Federer handed Murray the 2012 Olympic Gold medal. The Wimbledon champion has reason to be particularly cautious, given the hysterical reaction to some harmless joshing with his friend Tim Henman about supporting football teams eight years ago that is still held against him by some to this day. The day after his triumph as SW19 last year, when he would have been feeling indestructible, Murray declared that he would have to say something on independence. He has subsequently thought better of it, given the highly emotive reactions the subject draws, but anyone who knows him will be sure that he will have a view, given his intellectual curiosity and fondness for a debate about most things. The nearest he has come to publicly expressing a view was in March last year, when he said in an interview with the Times magazine: 'I don't think you should judge the thing on emotion, but on what is best economically for Scotland. You don't want to come to a snap decision and then see the country go tits up. 'I am proud to be Scottish, but I am also proud to be British. I don't think there is any contradiction in that.' Passionate: David Cameron and Alex Salmond celebrate Andy Murray winning Wimbledon in 2013. More recently he has pointed out that his view has little relevance because, as a longstanding resident of Surrey, he does not have a vote. But there have been hints of his thinking, such as criticising Alex Salmond for unfurling a Saltire in Wimbledon's Royal Box last year. In the past expressed his admiration for staunch 'No' supporter Gordon Brown, and does not give the impression of being a great enthusiast for independence. His private and professional connections make a nonsense of any suggestions that he is in some way anti-English, and he has never shied from wrapping himself in the Union Jack or made a secret of his pride in representing Great Britain. Patriotic: Murray returned to his hometwon Dunblane after his successes at the London 2012 Olympics. It was notable that after London 2012 he declined to appear at the parade of Scottish Olympians in Glasgow but made his own personal visit to his hometown of Dunblane. Yet it should be stressed that none of the country's first tennis family have publicly made their views clear, including brother Jamie and mother Judy. In the case of the latter, who is Captain of Great Britain's Fed Cup team, a few clues can be gleaned from her highly active Twitter feed. She used to follow the SNP account, although stopped doing that prior to getting the GB job. Last week she retweeted a picture of her holding a Saltire-patterned fan that was accompanied by a (lighthearted) suggestion that she was a fan of independence. Like everything else connected with this very complex issue, it will all most likely become clearer after September 18, although perhaps not for some considerable time, possibly not for years. Decisions: Andy's mother Judy Murray (centre) is the Captain of the Great Britain Fed Cup team.

Write highlights for this article.