Q:Information:  - Vaamanan is a 2009 Tamil action thriller film written and directed by debutant I. Ahmed, who worked as an erstwhile assistant to Kadhir, and starring Jai, Rahman, newcomer Priya Anand and Lakshmi Rai. Produced by P. Kabilan of Dream Valley Corporation, the film features Urvashi, Sampath Raj and 'Thalaivaasal' Vijay in supporting roles, with film score and soundtrack by Yuvan Shankar Raja, while the camera was handled by Arvind Krishna. The film was released on 10 July 2009. The story of the film resembles the English movie "Following" (1998), and the climax resembles a Hollywood movie "Enemy of the State" (1998).  - Bollywood is the sobriquet for India's Hindi language film industry, based in the city of Mumbai, Maharashtra. It is more formally referred to as Hindi cinema. The term "Bollywood" is often used by non-Indians as a synecdoche to refer to the whole of Indian cinema; however, Bollywood proper is only a part of the larger Indian film industry, which includes other production centres producing films in many other Indian languages.  - Gracy Singh (born 20 July 1980) is an Indian actress. She is best known for her role of Gauri in the 2001 epic sports-drama "". Singh is also a trained Bharatnatyam and Odissi dancer.  - The Nandi Awards is the highest award ceremony for excellence in Telugu cinema, Telugu theatre, Telugu Television, and Lifetime achievements in Indian cinema, presented annually by the Governments of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. "Nandi" means "bull", the award being named after the big granite bull at Lepakshi  a cultural and historical symbol of the Telugu people. Nandi Awards are presented in four categories: Gold, Silver, Bronze, and Copper. A variant, the Nandi Natakotsavam Awards for Theater, is also given every year by the government for social, mythological and poetic dramas.  - The 68th Academy Awards ceremony, organized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), honored the best films of 1995 in the United States and took place on March 25, 1996, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles beginning at 6:00 p.m. PST / 9:00 p.m. EST. During the ceremony, AMPAS presented Academy Awards (commonly referred to as Oscars) in 24 categories. The ceremony, televised in the United States by ABC, was produced by Quincy Jones and directed by Jeff Margolis. Actress Whoopi Goldberg hosted the show for the second time, having previously presided over the 66th ceremony in 1994. Three weeks earlier, in a ceremony held at the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California, on March 2, the Academy Awards for Technical Achievement were presented by host Richard Dreyfuss.  - Rama Rama Krishna Krishna is a 2010 Telugu action drama film that stars Ram , Priya Anand and Bindu Madhavi in the lead role , whilst prominent actors Arjun Sarja , Nassar , Brahmanandam and Gracy Singh play pivotal roles . This film , directed by Srivas ( Lakshyam fame ) and produced by noted producer , Dil Raju , released on 12 May 2010 . Upon release the film received mixed to positive reviews , critics mainly praising Ram 's and Sarja 's performance . The film was dubbed later into Tamil as Gandhipuram and released on 24 December 2010 and in Hindi as Nafrat Ki Jung .  - M. Nassar is an Indian film actor, director and producer, who mainly works in the South Indian film industry. He is the incumbent president of the Nadigar Sangam.  - The Nadigar Sangam, officially known as the South Indian Artistes' Association (SIAA), is a union for film, television, and stage actors in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, based in Chennai. Formed in 1952, the group has a charitable trust fund to provide pension to retired actors, voiced support for actors caught in controversy, and have collectively protested socio-political issues.  - Chennai ; formerly known as Madras or ) is the capital of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Located on the Coromandel Coast off the Bay of Bengal, it is one of the biggest cultural, economic and educational centres in South India. According to the 2011 Indian census, it is the sixth-largest city and fourth-most populous urban agglomeration in India. The city together with the adjoining regions constitute the Chennai Metropolitan Area, which is the 36th-largest urban area by population in the world. Chennai is among the most visited Indian cities by foreign tourists. It was ranked 43rd most visited city in the world for year 2015. The Quality of Living Survey rated Chennai as the safest city in India. Chennai attracts 45 percent of health tourists visiting India, and 30 to 40 percent of domestic health tourists. As such, it is termed "India's health capital". As a growing metropolitan city in a developing country, Chennai confronts substantial pollution and other logistical and socio-economic problems.  - Telugu cinema, also known by its sobriquet Tollywood, is a part of Indian cinema producing films in the Telugu language, based in the Hyderabad neighbourhood of Film Nagar in the Indian states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Since 1909, filmmaker Raghupathi Venkaiah Naidu was involved in many aspects of Indian cinema's history, like producing short films and travelling to different regions in Asia to promote film work. In 1921, he produced the first Telugu silent film, "Bhishma Pratigna". He is cited as the father of Telugu cinema.  - Tamil Nadu (English pronunciation:  ; ""; : ; literally 'The Land of Tamils' or 'Tamil Country') is one of the 29 states of India. Its capital and largest city is Chennai (formerly known as Madras). Tamil Nadu lies in the southernmost part of the Indian Peninsula and is bordered by the union territory of Puducherry and the South Indian states of Kerala, Karnataka, and Andhra Pradesh. It is bounded by the Eastern Ghats on the north, by the Nilgiri, the Anamalai Hills, and Kerala on the west, by the Bay of Bengal in the east, by the Gulf of Mannar and the Palk Strait on the southeast, and by the Indian Ocean on the south. The state shares a maritime border with the nation of Sri Lanka.  - Priya Anand (born 17 September 1986) is an Indian film actress and model who appears in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Hindi and Kannada films. After pursuing higher studies in the US, she began a career in modelling in 2008 before making her acting début in the Tamil film "Vaamanan" (2009) and then her Telugu début in "Leader" a year later. She made her Bollywood début in 2012 with a supporting role in "English Vinglish" and subsequently appeared in the films "Fukrey" (2013) as Priya and "Rangrezz" (2013).  - Brahmanandam Kanneganti (born 1 February 1956) is an Indian film actor and comedian, known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema. He currently holds the Guinness World Record for the most screen credits for a living actor. He was honoured with the Padma Shri, for his contribution to Indian cinema in 2009. Brahmanandam is regarded as one of the finest comic actors of India, noted particularly for his comic expressions. Brahmanandam has garnered five state Nandi Awards, one Filmfare Award South, six CineMAA Awards, and three South Indian International Movie Awards for best comedy.  - Dil Raju is an Indian film producer and distributor. He is one of the most successful Telugu film producers. He produces his films along with his two partners, cousin Sireesh and friend Lakshman, under Sri Venkateswara Creations.  - Tamil cinema is a film industry that is a part of the cinema of India, dedicated to the production of motion pictures in the Tamil language. Based in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, its hub is the Kodambakkam neighbourhood of Chennai, which has led to the industry's nickname Kollywood, the term being a portmanteau of the words Kodambakkam and Hollywood. Tamil cinema has been described as the leading industry of South Indian cinema, often rivalled by Telugu cinema (in the states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh), and accounting for the second-largest global box office gross after Hindi cinema (also known as Bollywood) among all Indian film industries.  - Arjun Sarja (born 15 August 1962 as Srinivasa Sarja) is an Indian film actor, producer and director known for his works predominantly in Tamil cinema. He also starred in few Kannada, Malayalam and Telugu films. In 1993, he starred in S. Shankar's blockbuster "Gentleman" which opened to positive reviews, while Arjun went on to win the State Award for Best Actor. During this time, he starred in hits such as "Jai Hind" (1994), "Karnaa" (1995), and the crime drama film "Kurudhipunal" (1995), for which Arjun won positive acclaim for his role while the film became India's official entry for the 68th Academy Awards Best Foreign Language Film category.  - Odissi ("Oi"), also referred to as Orissi in older literature, is a major ancient Indian classical dance that originated in the Hindu temples of Odisha  an eastern coastal state of India. Odissi, in its history, was performed predominantly by women, and expressed religious stories and spiritual ideas, particularly of Vaishnavism (Vishnu as Jagannath), but also of other traditions such as those related to Hindu gods Shiva and Surya, as well as Hindu goddesses (Shaktism). The theoretical foundations of Odissi trace to the ancient Sanskrit text "Natya Shastra", its existence in antiquity evidenced by the dance poses in the sculptures of Odissi Hindu temples, and archeological sites related to Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. The Odissi dance tradition declined during the Islamic rule era, was suppressed under the British Rule, a suppression that was protested by the Indians and led to its revival, reconstruction and expansion since India gained independence from the colonial rule.  - Early life. Madhavi was born in Madanapalle, Andhra Pradesh. Her father was a deputy commissioner in commercial tax department, due to which her family moved to various places including Tirupati, Nellore, Guntur, Vijayawada and Hyderabad, before settling in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, where she did her studies. She completed her degree in Biotechnology from Vellore Institute of Technology in 2005.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'rama rama krishna krishna' with the relationship of 'production company'.  Choices: - 1995  - bollywood  - chennai  - history  - lifetime  - rai  - screen  - sri venkateswara creations
A: