Information:  - South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans, on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana and Zimbabwe, and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland, and surrounding the kingdom of Lesotho. South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56 million people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. It is the only country that borders both the Atlantic Ocean and the Indian Ocean. About 80 percent of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry, divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status. The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.  - Sarel Daniel van der Merwe (born 5 December 1946) is a former rally and racing driver, who was a multiple South African Rally Drivers Champion. He is referred to by his nickname "Supervan".  - A stud farm or stud in animal husbandry is an establishment for selective breeding of livestock. The word "stud" comes from the Old English "stod" meaning "herd of horses, place where horses are kept for breeding". Historically, documentation of the breedings that occur on a stud farm leads to the development of a stud book. Male animals made available for breeding to outside female animals are said to be "standing at stud", or at "stud service", referencing the relatively high probability that they are kept at a stud farm.  - Klaus Ludwig (born 5 October 1949 in Bonn) is a German racing driver.  - The 24 Hours of Le Mans is the world's oldest active sports car race in endurance racing, held annually since near the town of Le Mans, France. It is one of the most prestigious automobile races in the world and is often called the "Grand Prix of Endurance and Efficiency". The event represents one leg of the Triple Crown of Motorsport; other events being the Indianapolis 500, and the Monaco Grand Prix.  - Jean Alesi (born Giovanni Alesi; 11 June 1964) is a French racing driver of Italian origin. His father, Franco, was a mechanic from Alcamo, Sicily, and his mother was from Riesi.  - Dominic Dobson ( born September 14 , 1957 in Stuttgart ) is a German - born former CART and Craftsman Truck Series driver who made 7 starts in the Indianapolis 500 with a best finish of 12th in 1992 , over 60 starts in the CART ( Championship Auto Racing Series ) , with a best finish of 3rd at the Michigan 500 in 1994 . Dobson also drove numerous IMSA and other Sport car races , including the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1989 in Porsche 962 alongside Jean Alesi and Will Hoy and at Daytona and Sebring , where his best finish was a 2nd place in 1990 , co-driving with Sarel van der Merwe and Klaus Ludwig . Dobson was raised in , and currently resides in , Seattle . In the early 80 's , he was an instructor at the Bob Bondurant Driving School , then based at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma . In the mid- 80 's , He started Zephyr Racing with Ron Nelson , another Bondurant instructor . Zephyr originally had its shops in San Rafael , CA but moved to a new facility built at Sears Point Raceway in the spring of 1985 . Zephyr rented out , maintained , and provided race support for a stable of formula and sportsracing cars . Cars were rented on a race - by - race or season long basis . Zephyr 's customers competed in SCCA regional and National events as well as the American City racing League . In the late 90 's he was involved in a short lived North American Touring Car Championship 's Dodge Stratus factory team that ran in conjunction with CART race weekends . He also made 10 starts in the Craftsman Truck Series for Dodge in 1998 with a best finish of 17th at Texas Motor Speedway . He co-owned Ridge Gate Motion Sports with Mike Clark in the Truck Series in 1999 . From 2000 to 2003 , he presided over a multimillion - dollar collection of historic automobiles , primarily European post-war racecars and rare road cars called the Cavallino Collection . He currently is Chief Development Officer for the LeMay - America 's Car Museum , set to break ground in 2010 in Tacoma , WA .  - A suburb is a residential area or a mixed use area, either existing as part of a city or urban area or as a separate residential community within commuting distance of a city. In most English-speaking regions, suburban areas are defined in contrast to central or inner city areas, but in Australian English and South African English, "suburb" has become largely synonymous with what is called a "neighborhood" in other countries and the term extends to inner city areas. In some areas, such as Australia, China, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and a few U.S. states, new suburbs are routinely annexed by adjacent cities. In others, such as Arabia, Canada, France, and much of the United States, many suburbs remain separate municipalities or are governed as part of a larger local government area such as a county.  - The Neckar is a river in Germany, mainly flowing through the southwestern state of Baden-Württemberg, with a short section through Hesse. The Neckar is a major right tributary of the Rhine. Rising in the Black Forest near Villingen-Schwenningen in the "Schwenninger Moos" conservation area at a height of above sea level, it passes through Rottweil, Rottenburg am Neckar, Kilchberg, Tübingen, Wernau, Nürtingen, Plochingen, Esslingen, Stuttgart, Ludwigsburg, Marbach, Heilbronn and Heidelberg, before discharging into the Rhine at Mannheim, at above sea level.   - Stuttgart ( Swabian: "Schduagert"), often nicknamed the ""Schwabenmetropole"" in reference to its location in the center of Swabia and the local dialect spoken by some natives, is the capital and largest city of the German state of Baden-Württemberg. It is located on the Neckar river in a fertile valley locally known as the "Stuttgarter Kessel" an hour from the Swabian Jura and the Black Forest. Stuttgart's name comes from the Old High German word ""Stuogarten"," or "stud farm"  a reference to the city's founding in 950 AD as a stud farm. Stuttgarts urban area has a population of 623,738, and a further making it the sixth largest city in Germany, 2.7 million people live in the citys administrative region, and another 5.3 million people in its metropolitan area, making it the fourth largest metropolitan area in Germany.  - France, officially the French Republic, is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories. The European, or metropolitan, area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans. France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017. It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre. Other major urban centres include Marseille, Lyon, Lille, Nice, Toulouse and Bordeaux.  - The Indianapolis 500 is an automobile race held annually at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana, an enclave suburb of Indianapolis, Indiana. The event is held over Memorial Day (originally Decoration Day) weekend, which is typically the last weekend in May. It is contested as part of the Verizon IndyCar Series, the top level of American Championship Car racing, an open-wheel formula colloquially known as "Indy Car Racing". The name of the race is often shortened to Indy 500.  - The Black Forest is a large forested mountain range in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany. It is bounded by the Rhine valley to the west and south. Its highest peak is the Feldberg with an elevation of 1,493 metres (4,898 ft). The region is roughly oblong in shape with a length of and breadth of up to .  - The Swabian Jura (more rarely: ), sometimes also named Swabian Alps in English, is a low mountain range in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, extending from southwest to northeast and in width. It is named after the region of Swabia.  - William Ewing "Will" Hoy (2 April 1952  19 December 2002) was an English racing driver and the 1991 British Touring Car Champion, the highlight of a 20-year career in motor racing.  - The Triple Crown of Motorsport is an unofficial motorsport achievement, often regarded as winning three of the most prestigious motor races in the world in one's career: For eleven years (19501960) Monaco and Indianapolis were part of the FIA World Championship of Drivers (now synonymous with Formula One) but in 1961 Indianapolis was dropped from the World Championship series. In 1987 the Monaco race date was changed to be about two weeks later than earlier years. Since then both it and the Indianapolis race have been held on the same day making it impossible for one driver to compete in both races the same year.  - Memorial Day is a federal holiday in the United States for remembering the people who died while serving in the country's armed forces. The holiday, which is observed every year on the last Monday of May, originated as Decoration Day after the American Civil War in 1868, when the Grand Army of the Republic, an organization of Union veterans founded in Decatur, Illinois, established it as a time for the nation to decorate the graves of the Union war dead with flowers. By the 20th century, competing Union and Confederate holiday traditions, celebrated on different days, had merged, and Memorial Day eventually extended to honor all Americans who died while in the military service. It marks the start of the unofficial summer vacation season, while Labor Day marks its end.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'dominic dobson' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - army  - book  - commercial  - driver  - major  - military  - mountain  - official  - racing driver  - united kingdom
Answer: