Information:  - The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London in 1962. The original line-up consisted of Brian Jones (rhythm guitar, harmonica), Mick Jagger (lead vocals), Keith Richards (lead guitar, backing vocals), Ian Stewart (piano), Bill Wyman (bass) and Charlie Watts (drums). Stewart was removed from the official line-up in 1963 but continued as a touring member until his death in 1985. Jones left the band less than a month prior to his death in 1969, having already been replaced by Mick Taylor, who remained until 1974. After Taylor left the band, Ronnie Wood took his place in 1975 and has been on guitar in tandem with Richards ever since. Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones joined as their touring bassist. Other touring keyboardists for the band have been Nicky Hopkins (196782), Billy Preston (through the mid 1970s) and Chuck Leavell (1982-present). The band was first led by Jones, but after teaming as the band's songwriters, Jagger and Richards assumed leadership while Jones dealt with legal and personal troubles.  - Nicholas Christian "Nicky" Hopkins (24 February 1944  6 September 1994) was an English pianist and organist. Hopkins recorded and performed on many notable British and American pop and rock music releases from the 1960s through the 1990s including many songs by the Rolling Stones.  - Sir Michael Philip "Mick" Jagger (born 26 July 1943) is an English singer, songwriter, actor and, the lead singer and a co-founder of the Rolling Stones.  - Rolling Stones Records was the record label formed by the Rolling Stones members Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Mick Taylor, Charlie Watts and Bill Wyman in 1970, after their recording contract with Decca Records expired. It was first distributed in the United States by Atlantic Records subsidiary Atco Records. Beginning in 1973 it signed a distribution deal with Atlantic Records. In 1986 Columbia Records started distributing it. In the UK, it was distributed by EMI. The label was initially headed by Marshall Chess, the son of Chess Records founder Leonard Chess. It was discontinued in 1992 when the band signed to Virgin Records, but the tongue-and-lips logo remains on all post-1970 Rolling Stones releases.  - Charles Robert "Charlie" Watts (born 2 June 1941) is an English drummer, best known as a member of The Rolling Stones. Originally trained as a graphic artist, he started playing drums in Londons rhythm and blues clubs, where he met Brian Jones, Mick Jagger, and Keith Richards. In 1963, he joined their group, the Rolling Stones, as drummer, while doubling as designer of their record sleeves and tour stages. He has also toured with his own group, the Charlie Watts Quintet, and appeared at Londons prestigious jazz-club Ronnie Scotts with the Charlie Watts Tentet.  - Ronald David "Ronnie" Wood (born 1 June 1947) is an English rock musician, singer, songwriter, artist and radio personality best known as a member of The Rolling Stones since 1975, as well as a member of Faces and the Jeff Beck Group.  - Keith Richards (born 18 December 1943) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, best-selling memoirist and founding member of the rock band The Rolling Stones. "Rolling Stone Magazine" credited Richards for "rock's greatest single body of riffs" on guitar and ranked him 4th on its list of 100 best guitarists. Fourteen songs that Richards wrote with the Rolling Stones' lead vocalist Mick Jagger are listed among "Rolling Stone" magazine's "500 Greatest Songs of All Time". The Stones are generally known for their guitar interplay of rhythm and lead ("weaving") between Richards and Brian Jones, Mick Taylor and Ronnie Wood over the years. In spite of this, Richards plays the only guitar tracks on some of their most famous songs including "Paint It Black", "Ruby Tuesday", "Sympathy for the Devil", "Gimme Shelter", and "Angie."  - Exile on Main St. is a double album by English rock band the Rolling Stones. It was released on 12 May 1972 by Rolling Stones Records and was the band's tenth studio album released in the United Kingdom. The record's music incorporates rock and roll, blues, soul, country, and gospel genres. Although it originally received mixed reviews, "Exile on Main St." has since been considered to be the Rolling Stones' best work while being ranked on various lists as one of the greatest albums of all time.  - `` Before They Make Me Run '' is a song by the English rock band The Rolling Stones , featured on their 1978 album Some Girls . Written by guitarist Keith Richards , the song is a response to his arrest for heroin possession in Toronto in February 1977 . The criminal charges and prospect of a prison sentence loomed over the Some Girls recording sessions and endangered the future of the Rolling Stones . In the lyrics , Richards reflects unapologetically on his lifestyle up to that point . The line `` it 's another goodbye to another good friend '' in the first verse can be interpreted as referring to Gram Parsons , Richards 's close friend who died in 1973 from a drug overdose , and / or to heroin itself : Richards had sought medical treatment for heroin addiction following his arrest in Toronto , and his resolution to overcome his addiction would be a significant factor in his upcoming trial . Richards recorded the song in five days without sleeping . Originally entitled `` Rotten Roll '' , the song was recorded in a Paris studio in March 1978 during one of Mick Jagger 's absences from the Some Girls sessions . The completed track - `` a high - energy rock & roller '' - features Richards on lead vocals , acoustic and electric guitars and bass ; Ronnie Wood on pedal steel guitar , slide guitar and backing vocals , Charlie Watts on drums , and Jagger on backing vocals . Richards first performed the song in concert on the The New Barbarians ' tour of North America in 1979 ; it was n't until the Steel Wheels Tour in 1989 that it entered the Rolling Stones ' concert repertoire . Like `` Happy '' , the song has become one of Richards ' `` signature tunes '' , performed on most Rolling Stones tours since 1989 ; he also played it on the X-Pensive Winos ' 1992 - 93 tours promoting his album Main Offender . Live performances of the song are included in the Stones ' 2003 Four Flicks DVD set and in the 2013 concert film Sweet Summer Sun : Hyde Park Live . Steve Earle has also performed the song in concert and has...  - Some Girls is the 14th British and 16th American studio album by the Rolling Stones, released in 1978 on Rolling Stones Records. It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, and became the band's top selling album in the United States, certified by the RIAA as having six million copies sold as of 2000. It was a major critical success, becoming the only Rolling Stones album to be nominated for a Grammy in the Album of the Year category. Many reviewers called it a classic return to form and their best album since 1972's "Exile on Main St."  - Michael Kevin "Mick" Taylor (born 17 January 1949) is an English musician, best known as a former member of John Mayall's Bluesbreakers (196669) and The Rolling Stones (196974). He has appeared on some of the Stones' classic albums including "Let It Bleed", "Sticky Fingers" and "Exile on Main St.". Since resigning from the Rolling Stones in December 1974, Taylor has worked with numerous other artists and released several solo albums. From November 2012 onwards he has participated in the Stones' "Reunion shows" in London and Newark and in the band's 50 & Counting World Tour, which included North America, Glastonbury Festival and Hyde Park in 2013. The band decided to continue in 2014 with concerts in the UAE, Far East & Australia and Europe for the 14 On Fire tour. He was ranked 37th in "Rolling Stone" magazine's 2011 list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time. Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash states that Taylor had the biggest influence on him.  - William George Wyman (born 24 October 1936), born as William George Perks Jr., is an English musician, record producer, songwriter and singer, best known as the bass guitarist for the English rock and roll band The Rolling Stones from 1962 until 1993. Since 1997, he has recorded and toured with his own band, Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings. He has worked producing both records and film, and has scored music for film in movies and television.  - William Everett "Billy" Preston (September 2, 1946  June 6, 2006) was an American musician whose work included R&B, rock, soul, funk and gospel. A virtuoso keyboardist, particularly on Hammond organ, Preston was recognized as a top session musician in the 1960s, during which he backed artists such as Little Richard, Sam Cooke, Ray Charles and the Beatles. He then went on to achieve fame as a solo artist, with hit pop singles including "That's the Way God Planned It", "Outa-Space", "Will It Go Round in Circles", "Space Race", and "Nothing from Nothing". In addition, Preston co-wrote "You Are So Beautiful", which became a number 5 hit for Joe Cocker; Stephen Stills asked Preston if he could use his phrase "if you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with" and created the hit song.  - Lewis Brian Hopkin Jones (28 February 1942  3 July 1969) was an English musician, the founder and the original leader of The Rolling Stones.  - London is the capital and most populous city of England and the United Kingdom, as well as the most populous city proper in the European Union. Standing on the River Thames in the south east of the island of Great Britain, London has been a major settlement for two millennia. It was founded by the Romans, who named it "Londinium". London's ancient core, the City of London, largely retains its medieval boundaries. Since at least the 19th century, "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which today largely makes up Greater London, governed by the Mayor of London and the London Assembly.    What object entity has the relation of 'record label' with the subject 'before they make me run'?   Choices: - album  - atco records  - australia  - beck  - decca records  - english  - europe  - european union  - festival  - funk  - island  - label  - metropolis  - record  - rolling stones records  - united kingdom  - virgin records