More than 6,000 new recruits have joined ISIS since America started targeting the terrorist group with air strikes last month, it has been claimed. Of those radical Muslims flocking to ISIS' ranks, at least 1,300 are foreigners who have arrived from outside the vast swaths of Syria and Iraq currently under the group's control, according to analysts from the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. News of the surge in numbers comes as France said it would no longer refer to the group as ISIS or the Islamic State, and would instead be calling them by the derogatory title 'Daesh cutthroats'. ISIS, which has been condemned as barbaric even by notorious terror group Al Qaeda, rebranded as Islamic State earlier this year after declaring the formation of a caliphate in Iraq and Syria. Scroll down for video. Growing threat: More than 6,000 new recruits have joined ISIS (pictured) since America started targeting the terrorist group with air strikes last month - at least 1,300 of them foreigners travelling to the Middle East. ISIS' numbers have swelled in the weeks since America launched the first of 167 air strikes against the militant group on August 8. A number of rebel commanders who oppose ISIS but also fight against their enemy Syrian president Bashar Assad have warned that the strikes are increasing local support for the terrorists. As well as aggressive social media-led recruitment campaigns in the Middle East, ISIS has released a number of slick English-language propaganda videos and digital magazines designed to encourage young Muslims living in Western nations to join the terror group. ISIS aims to convince impressionable young Westerners that its brutal interpretation of Islam is how God intended believers to live and that all those who oppose the group can justifiably be murdered. The vast majority of the 1,300 foreign fighters who have signed up to join ISIS in the past month are aged between 15 and 20-years-old and have never been involved in a conflict before, according to Abdurrahman Saleh - a spokesman for the Islam Army, part of the Islamic Front rebel group. ISIS receives approximately 20 new recruits a day in the town of north-west Syrian town al-Bab alone, he told The Times. Many of these jihadists are thought to have easily entered Syria across the porous border with Turkey, having arrived in the latter country on budget airline flights to popular tourist airport Antayla. Change: French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the country will no longer refer to ISIS as the Islamic State and would now be using the derogatory title 'Daesh cutthroats'instead. Anger: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani (right) has denounced ISIS' beheading of innocent people, saying the  shameful actions of the militant group (led by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, left) violate Islamic principles. Rebels fighting against president Bashar al-Assad in northwestern Syria are suspected of sabotaging a batch of measles vaccination -leading to the deaths of 50 young children. Dozens of infants in the rebel-held cities of Jarjanaz and Sinjar in Idlib province died on Tuesday, minutes after being given the drug. Although the cause of death has not yet been established, officials reportedly suspect the vaccines may have been tampered with while unguarded in a storage facility in the city of Jarjanaz. The vaccinations are part of a large-scale campaign to stop the spread of measles, mumps, rubella, and polio in rebel-held areas of northern Syria. They are being distributed by volunteer medical and aid organisations operating in the area, according to the Boston Globe. In a Skype interview with the newspaper, Dr Abdulla Ajaj - a physician who helped administer the vaccine - said the drugs had been delivered to the medical centre three days before being given to the children. 'This is the first time we have had such a problem,' he added. Mr Ajaj proposed an alternative theory for the deaths - the vaccines were stored at too high a temperature. Most probably they were badly kept inside the fridges,' he said. Samples of the leftover drug have now been sent to Turkey for analysis . It is not yet known how long it will be before the results of the investigation are released. How to refer to ISIS has been a source of much debate in the West - not least because the militant group has continually renamed itself. Formed as Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad (meaning Group of Monotheism and Jihad) in 1999, the militants changed name to Tanzim Qaidat al-Jihad fi Bilad al-Rafidayn (meaning Jihad Base in the Land of Two Rivers) in 2003. As it became better known, Western countries began referring to the group as Al Qaeda in Iraq, also known as AQI. In 2006 the group became part of  an umbrella organization called the Mujahideen Shura Council before re-branding as Dawlat al-ʻIraq al-Islāmīyah (the Islamic State of Iraq, or ISI) later the same year. Last year, having expanded into Syria, the group changed its name to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). An alternative name for the Levant of Greater Syria is 'Sham' which led to the alternative name Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS). The derogatory Arabian acronym Daesh - the name France now says it will now refer to ISIS by - is based on the Arabic version of this name: al-Dawla al-Islamiya al-Iraq al-Sham. Earlier this year the group claimed to have established a caliphate in the Middle East, and dropped all geographic references in its name - simply calling itself the Islamic State. Referring to the group by this name has proven problematic as the group is neither a recognised independent state, nor does it represent the views of the majority of Muslims. A total of 20 new recruits a day equates to 500 jihadists turning up in Al-Bab every month - with Mr Saleh saying there are 'hundreds' of other towns in Syria seeing a similar level of arrival. The group pay wages of up to £600 a month to seasoned fighters from areas like North Africa and Chechnya, and even greater sums to professional workers such as doctors and surgeons, according to Hussam al-Marie, a spokesman for the Free Syrian Army. Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula yesterday launched an unprecedented plea for its affiliate in Syria, Jabhat Al Nusra, to stop fighting against ISIS and unite against a U.S. led 'alliance of infidelity and evil.' The development came as France said it would no longer refer to ISIS as the Islamic State and would now be using the derogatory title 'Daesh cutthroats'. Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius asked journalists and media organisations to comply with the request, arguing 'this is a terrorist group and not a state', and saying any other title unfairly blurs the line between ordinary Muslims and extremists. Terror: As well as aggressive social media-led recruitment campaigns in the Middle East, ISIS has released a number of slick English-language propaganda videos (such as the one pictured above) and digital magazines designed to encourage young Muslims living in Western nations to join the terror group. Spread: Nine imams were among 15 people arrested by masked police (pictured) in Kosovo yesterday. The arrests were allegedly to stop the flow of young Muslims leaving the country to join ISIS. The name Daesh is taken from the loose acronym Arabian nations use to abbreviate their name for the Islamic State: al-Dawla al-Islamiya al-Iraq al-Sham. ISIS has condemned the  acronym Daesh as insulting and disrespectful because it sounds like the Arabic words 'daes' - which means 'one who crushes something underfoot', and 'dahes' - which means 'one who sows discord'. The word 'dahes' also has negative connotations to turbulent pre-Islamic era of infighting between Arab tribes - a period of history that has come to be known as Dahes wal Ghabra. This morning Iranian President Hassan Rouhani denounced ISIS' beheading of innocent people, saying the militant group's shameful actions violate Islamic principles. 'From the viewpoint of the Islamic tenets and culture, killing ... innocent people equals the killing of the whole humanity,' Rouhani told U.S. television network NBC. 'And therefore, the killing and beheading of innocent people in fact is a matter of shame for them and it's the matter of concern and sorrow for all the human and all the mankind,' he added. The 22-year-old Sydney man arrested in Australia's largest counterterrorism operation allegedly conspired with Australia's most senior Islamist militant to launch a deadly attack on a random passerby, court documents show. According to the documents, police intercepted a phone call between the arrested Omarjan Azari and Mohammad Ali Baryalei - who is alleged to have recruited half of the 60 Australians fighting in the Middle East - two days ago. The account said Baryalei ordered him to carry out an attack which Sydney Central Local Court heard was 'clearly designed to shock, horror and terrify the community'. Omarjan Azari appeared in Sydney's Central Local Court charged with conspiracy to prepare a terrorist attack on Australian soil. Before it emerged this month that Baryalei had become a senior Islamic State militant, he worked as a bouncer in Sydney's Kings Cross nightclub district and had also played a bit part in the TV series Underbelly. Azari today appeared in court charged with a conspiracy to prepare a terrorist attack on Australian soil. He is the only man charged so far after police arrested 15 people in raids earlier today. Police Prosecutor Michael Allnutt told the court that Azari had made a threat during a phone call a few days ago which involved a 'random selection of persons to execute'. Police intercepted a phone call between the arrested Omarjan Azari and Mohammad Ali Baryalei (pictured) who worked as a bouncer at a Kings Cross nightclub and played a bit part in an episode of Underbelly. Azari, who has dark hair, a beard and moustache, had displayed 'an unusual level of fanaticism' in the call, which was intercepted by police. Azari's lawyer Steve Boland did not apply for bail but asked Magistrate Richard Bailey if Azari could go back down to the dock during the hearing. Magistrate Bailey agreed and Azari, who had sat in the dock stroking his beard and smiled briefly while talking to Mr Boland, left the courtroom.

What are highlight points for this article?