Answer the following question: Information:  - American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron, is a sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end. The offense, the team with control of the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the team without control of the ball, the defense, aims to stop their advance and take control of the ball for themselves. The offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs, or plays, or else they turn over the football to the opposing team; if they succeed, they are given a new set of four downs. Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal. The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.  - A rookie is a person in his or her first year of a sport, or someone who is new to a profession, training or activity such as a rookie police officer, rookie pilot, a recruit, or occasionally a freshman.  - The Tampa Bay Buccaneers (often shortened as the Bucs) are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member team of the National Football Conference (NFC) South division. Along with the Seattle Seahawks, the team joined the NFL in as an expansion team. The Bucs played their first season in the American Football Conference (AFC) West division as part of the 1976 expansion plan, whereby each new franchise would play every other franchise over the first two years. After the season, the club switched conferences with the Seahawks and became a member of the NFC Central division. During the 2002 league realignment, the Bucs joined three former NFC West teams to form the NFC South. The club is owned by the Glazer family, and plays its home games at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa.  - The 2006 National Football League Draft, the 71st in league history, took place in New York City, New York, at Radio City Music Hall on April 29 and April 30, 2006. For the 27th consecutive year, the draft was telecast on ESPN and ESPN2, with additional coverage offered by ESPNU and, for the first time, by the NFL Network. Having signed a contract with the Houston Texans on the evening before the draft, Mario Williams, a defensive end from North Carolina State, became the drafts first pick. The selection surprised many commentators, who predicted that the Texans would draft Southern California running back Reggie Bush or Texas quarterback Vince Young. Ohio State produced the most first round selections (five), while Southern California produced the most overall selections (eleven). Twenty-seven compensatory and supplemental compensatory selections were distributed amongst seventeen teams; Tampa Bay, Baltimore, and Tennessee each held three compensatory picks. The league also held a supplemental draft after the regular draft and before the regular season. The 255 players chosen in the draft were composed of:  - The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise based in the Miami metropolitan area. The Dolphins compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the American Football Conference (AFC) East division. The Dolphins play their home games at Hard Rock Stadium in the northern suburb of Miami Gardens, Florida, and are headquartered in Davie, Florida. The Dolphins and the Atlanta Falcons (who also began play in 1966) are the oldest NFL franchises in the Deep South, and Miami is the oldest AFC team in that region. However, of the four AFC East teams, they are the only team in the division that was not a charter member of the American Football League (AFL).  - Alexander Douglas Smith (born May 7, 1984) is an American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at the University of Utah, where he was named the Mountain West Conference Player of the Year in 2004 and led Utah to a Fiesta Bowl victory and a national top-five finish.  - Maurice Aurilius Stovall (born February 21, 1985) is a former American football wide receiver and tight end in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the third round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Notre Dame.  - David Byron Boston (born August 19, 1978) is a former professional football wide receiver. He was originally drafted by the Arizona Cardinals eighth overall in the 1999 NFL Draft. During David Boston's college years he played football at Ohio State. Boston also played for the San Diego Chargers, Miami Dolphins and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Boston became a Pro Bowl selection with the Cardinals in 2001.He has a wife and a daughter,named Aliya Boston   - University of Phoenix Stadium is a multi-purpose football stadium located in Glendale, Arizona, west of Phoenix. It is the home of the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL) and the annual Fiesta Bowl. It replaced Tempe's Sun Devil Stadium as the Valley of the Sun's main outdoor stadium. The stadium is adjacent to the Gila River Arena and it features the first fully retractable natural grass playing surface built in the United States on top of an AirField Systems drainage system. An opening on one side of the stadium allows the playing field to move to the exterior of the building, allowing the entire natural turf playing surface to be exposed to daylight and also allowing the floor of the stadium to be used for any other purpose (such as seating for concerts) without damaging the turf.  - The 2005 NFL draft was the procedure by which National Football League teams selected amateur college football players. It is officially known as the NFL Annual Player Selection Meeting. The draft was held April 2324, 2005. The league also held a supplemental draft that year, which was held after the regular draft but before the regular season. The draft took place at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City, and was televised for the 26th consecutive year on ESPN and ESPN2. The NFL draft had been held at Madison Square Garden since 1995, but was moved to the Javits Center in 2005. The draft featured the San Francisco 49ers selecting first overall Alex Smith from the University of Utah. compensatory selections were distributed amongst fourteen teams, with the Philadelphia Eagles and the St. Louis Rams garnering the most with four picks each. Three of the first five picks were running backs, an NFL draft first. The 255 players chosen in the draft were composed of:  - The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team located in the San Francisco Bay Area. They compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) West division. The team currently plays its home games at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California, located southeast of San Francisco in the heart of Silicon Valley. Since 1988, the 49ers have been headquartered in Santa Clara.  - The Philadelphia Eagles are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Eagles compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) East division.  - Madison Square Garden (often called MSG or simply The Garden) is a multi-purpose indoor arena in the New York City borough of Manhattan. Located in Midtown Manhattan between 7th and 8th Avenues from 31st to 33rd Streets, it is situated atop Pennsylvania Station. It is the fourth venue to bear the name "Madison Square Garden", the first two (1879 and 1890) of which were located on Madison Square, on East 26th Street and Madison Avenue, with the third Madison Square Garden further uptown at Eighth Avenue and 50th Street. The Garden is used for professional basketball and ice hockey, as well as boxing, concerts, ice shows, circuses, professional wrestling and other forms of sports and entertainment. It is close to other midtown Manhattan landmarks, including the Empire State Building, Koreatown, and Macy's at Herald Square. It is home to the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League, the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association, and residency to singer-songwriter Billy Joel.  - The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals compete in the National Football League as a member of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) West division. The Cardinals were founded as the Morgan Athletic Club in 1898, and are the oldest continuously run professional football team in the United States. The Cardinals play their home games at the University of Phoenix Stadium, which is located in the northwestern suburb of Glendale, Arizona.  - J. R. Russell ( born December 5 , 1981 ) is a former wide receiver . He was drafted by the Bucs in the 7th round of the 2005 NFL Draft out of the University of Louisville . He was re-signed to the Bucs ' practice squad on November 30 , 2005 , and was competing for a spot on the opening day roster , along with former Arizona Cardinals Pro Bowler David Boston and rookie Maurice Stovall from Notre Dame . Russell was released on August 29 , 2006 . Russell is no stranger to Tampa . Just 9 miles north of the Bucs ' home field , Raymond James Stadium , on the same street , stands Russell 's high school alma mater , Gaither High School . Nicknamed the Cowboys , Russell saw great success come not only on the football field , but on the court as well . It was n't until weeks before departing for Louisville that he decided to pursue a career on football instead of basketball . Russell 's younger brother , Antonio , a graduate of 2004 , also attended Gaither and was a star point guard for the Cowboys , leading them to the regional championship game in 2004 in a losing effort to Lake Region High School of Polk County . He played college basketball for the Western Carolina Catamounts . Currently resides in Tampa with his 3 children .    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'member of sports team' with 'tampa bay buccaneers'.
Answer: