Information:  - The Reichswehr (English: Imperial Defence) formed the military organisation of Germany from 1919 until 1935, when it was united with the new "Wehrmacht" (Defence Force).  - The Jagdpanther (German: "hunting panther") was a tank destroyer built by Nazi Germany during World War II based on the chassis of the Panther tank. It entered service late in the war (1944) and saw service on the Eastern and Western Fronts. The "Jagdpanther" combined the very powerful 8.8 cm KwK 43 cannon of the Tiger II and the characteristically excellent armor and suspension of the Panther chassis, although it suffered from the general poor state of German ordnance production, maintenance and training in the later part of the war, which resulted in small production numbers, shortage in spare parts and poor crew readiness.  - The Pak 43 ( Panzerabwehrkanone 43 ) was a German 88 mm anti-tank gun developed by Krupp in competition with the Rheinmetall 8.8 cm Flak 41 anti-aircraft gun and used during the Second World War . The Pak 43 was the most powerful anti-tank gun of the Wehrmacht to see service in significant numbers , also serving in modified form as the 8.8 cm KwK 43 main gun on the Tiger II tank , to the open - top Nashorn , and fully enclosed , casemate - hulled Elefant and Jagdpanther tank destroyers . The improved 8.8 cm gun had a very flat trajectory out to 914 m ( 1,000 yd ) , making it easier for the gunner to hit targets at longer ranges as fewer corrections in elevation were needed . In addition to this , the gun 's exceptional penetration performance made it able to frontally penetrate any Allied tank to see service during the war at long ranges , even the Soviet IS - 2 tanks and IS chassis - based tank destroyers . The gun 's maximum firing range exceeded 13 kilometers ( 8 miles ) .  - The 8.8 cm KwK 43 L/71 (Kampfwagenkanone "fighting vehicle cannon") was an 88 mm 71 calibre tank gun designed by Krupp and used by the German Wehrmacht during the Second World War. It was mounted as the primary armament on the Panzerkampfwagen VI Ausf. B "Tiger II" and the 8.8 cm PaK 43, an anti-tank gun, was very similar in design and use albeit not mounted on tanks but rather on tank destroyers or deployed on the field.   - Düsseldorf (Low Franconian, Ripuarian: "Düsseldörp" ) is the capital city of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia and the seventh most populous city in Germany. Düsseldorf is an international business and financial centre, renowned for its fashion and trade fairs. The city is headquarters to one Fortune Global 500 and two DAX companies. Messe Düsseldorf organises nearly one fifth of premier trade shows.  - Nashorn (German "rhinoceros", pronounced [nashn]), initially known as Hornisse (German "hornet"), was a German tank destroyer of World War II. It was developed as an interim solution in 1942 by equipping a light turretless chassis with the Pak 43 heavy anti-tank gun. Though only lightly armoured and displaying a high profile, it could frontally penetrate any Allied tank at long range, and its relatively low cost and superior mobility to heavier vehicles ensured it remained in production until the war's end.  - Hornets (insects in the genera Vespa and Provespa) are the largest of the eusocial wasps, and are similar in appearance to their close relatives yellow jackets. Some species can reach up to in length. They are distinguished from other vespine wasps by the relatively large top margin of the head and by the rounded segment of the abdomen just behind the waist. Worldwide, there are 22 recognized species of "Vespa", and three species of "Provespa", which are unique amongst hornets in being nocturnal. Most species only occur in the tropics of Asia, though the European hornet ("Vespa crabro"), is widely distributed throughout Europe, Russia, North America and Northeast Asia. Wasps native to North America in the genus "Dolichovespula" are commonly referred to as hornets (e.g. baldfaced hornets), but are actually yellowjackets.  - Essen (Latin: "Assindia") is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Its population of approximately 589,000 makes it the ninth-largest city in Germany. It is the central city of the northern (Ruhr) part of the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan area and seat to several of the region's authorities.  - Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945, when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party (NSDAP). Under Hitler's rule, Germany was transformed into a fascist state in which the Nazi Party took totalitarian control over nearly all aspects of life. The official name of the state was "Deutsches Reich" from 1933 to 1943 and "Großdeutsches Reich" ("Greater German Reich") from 1943 to 1945. The period is also known under the names the Third Reich and the National Socialist Period (abbreviated as "NS-Zeit"). The Nazi regime came to an end after the Allied Powers defeated Germany in May 1945, ending World War II in Europe.  - The Kriegsmarine ("War Navy") was the navy of Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1945. It superseded the "Kaiserliche Marine" (German Imperial Navy) of World War I and the inter-war "Reichsmarine". The "Kriegsmarine" was one of three official branchesalong with the "Heer (Army)" and the "Luftwaffe (Air Force)"of the Wehrmacht, the armed forces of Nazi Germany.  - Friedrich Carl Krupp (Essen, 17 July 1787  Essen, 8 October 1826) was a German steel manufacturer and founder of the Krupp family commercial empire that is now subsumed into ThyssenKrupp AG.  - The Wehrmacht (lit. "defence force") was the unified armed forces of Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1946. It consisted of the "Heer" (army), the "Kriegsmarine" (navy) and the "Luftwaffe" (air force). The designation "Wehrmacht" for Nazi Germany's military replaced the previously used term, "Reichswehr" (191935), and was the manifestation of Nazi Germany's efforts to rearm the nation to a greater extent than the Treaty of Versailles permitted.  - The Treaty of Versailles was the most important of the peace treaties that brought World War I to an end. The Treaty ended the state of war between Germany and the Allied Powers. It was signed on 28 June 1919, exactly five years after the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand. The other Central Powers on the German side of World War I signed separate treaties. Although the armistice, signed on 11 November 1918, ended the actual fighting, it took six months of Allied negotiations at the Paris Peace Conference to conclude the peace treaty. The treaty was registered by the Secretariat of the League of Nations on 21 October 1919.  - Rheinmetall AG is an automotive parts supplier and military technology group headquartered in Düsseldorf. In fiscal 2015 (2014), the company's 20,676 (20,166) employees generated sales of €5.18 billion (€4.68 billion). Rheinmetall was the tenth-largest European defence contractor in 2011.  - U-boat is the anglicised version of the German word U-Boot , a shortening of Unterseeboot, literally "undersea boat". While the German term refers to any submarine, the English one (in common with several other languages) refers specifically to military submarines operated by Germany, particularly in the First and Second World Wars. Although at times they were efficient fleet weapons against enemy naval warships, they were most effectively used in an economic warfare role (commerce raiding), enforcing a naval blockade against enemy shipping. The primary targets of the U-boat campaigns in both wars were the merchant convoys bringing supplies from Canada, the British Empire, and the United States to the United Kingdom and (during the Second World War) to the Soviet Union and the Allied territories in the Mediterranean.  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - The Elefant (German for "elephant") was a heavy tank destroyer used by German Wehrmacht Panzerjäger during World War II. It was built in small numbers in 1943 under the name Ferdinand after its designer Ferdinand Porsche, using tank hulls that had been produced for the Tiger I tank requirement which was rejected in favour of a Henschel design.  - Ferdinand Porsche (3 September 1875  30 January 1951) was an automotive engineer and founder of the Porsche car company. He is best known for creating the first gasoline-electric hybrid vehicle (Lohner-Porsche), the Volkswagen Beetle, the Mercedes-Benz SS/SSK, several other important developments and Porsche automobiles. In addition, Porsche designed the 1923 Benz Tropfenwagen, which was the first racing car with a mid-engine, rear-wheel drive layout.  - The Krupp family (see pronunciation), a prominent 400-year-old German dynasty from Essen, have become famous for their production of steel, artillery, ammunition, and other armaments. The family business, known as Friedrich Krupp AG, was the largest company in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century. It was important to weapons development and production in both world wars. One of the most powerful dynasties in European history, for 400 years Krupp flourished as the premier weapons manufacturer for Germany. From the Thirty Years' War until the end of the Second World War, they produced everything from battleships, U-boats, tanks, howitzers, guns, utilities, and hundreds of other commodities.  - The Luftwaffe was the aerial warfare branch of the combined German Wehrmacht military forces during World War II. Germany's military air arms during the First World War, the "Luftstreitkräfte" of the Army and the "Marine-Fliegerabteilung" of the Navy, had been disbanded in May 1920 as a result of the terms of the Treaty of Versailles which stated that Germany was forbidden to have any air force.    What entity does '8.8 cm pak 43' has the relation 'manufacturer' with?
Answer: