Summarize this article:

Tobey Maguire, left, and Jake Gyllenhaal play brothers in remake of a Danish drama that explores the aftermath of war when soldiers return home. 
  
 Brothers SUPPLIED PHOTO Tobey Maguire, left, and Jake Gyllenhaal play brothers in remake of a Danish drama that explores the aftermath of war when soldiers return home. 
  
 Brothers (out of four) Starring Tobey Maguire, Jake Gyllenhaal and Natalie Portman. Directed by Jim Sheridan. 110 minutes. At major theatres. 14A 
  
 Remakes so often suffer by comparison to their source movies, it's almost a form of punishment to look backwards. 
  
 And for sure, anyone contemplating whether to see Jim Sheridan's domestic drama Brothers would be wise not to see its award-winning 2004 Danish predecessor beforehand. Susanne Bier's original Brothers exceeds Sheridan's copycat in every regard, so much so that it could taint your view of the solid lead performances by Tobey Maguire, Jake Gyllenhaal and Natalie Portman. 
  
 Those who do venture a peek might join me in wondering why it is the Irish filmmaker opted to make an almost scene-by-scene recreation of Bier's Brothers, yet weirdly edited out (or never filmed) the moments where the story is properly advanced and emotions are amplified. It's almost as if Sheridan and screenwriter David Benioff (The Kite Runner) were constructing a pile of old bones for a museum installation, with no live connective tissue required. 
  
 It's a real shame, because Sheridan's Brothers is just good enough to make you see how it might have been great. Set in the fall of 2007 in the American heartland and also on the Afghanistan war plain, it examines the complications of decisions made both in the bedroom and on the battlefield, and also the justifications people use to explain their actions. 
  
 The story turns on two brothers in motion. Dedicated soldier Capt. Sam Cahill (Maguire) is returning to Afghanistan for his fourth tour of duty with the Marines, while his ne'er-do-well sibling Tommy (Gyllenhaal) is being released from prison, having served time for some kind of bank job. 
  
 Sam and Tommy aren't much alike, and they disagree over just about everything. But they love each other and get along pretty well – at least until their hard-nut father (Sam Shepard) begins needling Tommy at the family dinner table for failing to follow Sam's sterling example. 
  
 Dormant tensions rise, among them the mixed feelings by Sam's wife Grace (Portman) towards Tommy. Among other things, she thinks he's not much of an uncle to the two daughters she has with Sam: Isabelle (Bailee Madison) and Maggie (Taylor Geare). 
  
 Something happens in Afghanistan shortly after Sam's arrival that dramatically changes the family situation both at home and abroad. Anyone who has seen the trailer knows what it is, and also the turbulent outcome when misapprehensions, assumptions and opportunities change family dynamics. The movie contains a surprising amount of suspense, even knowing the plot basics in advance. 
  
 The performances by Maguire, Gyllenhaal and Portman are all high-calibre, yet lack the natural feel of the work by their Danish counterparts. 
  
 In the original Brothers, you could better understand the motivations of the characters and the decisions they make. 
  
 The story of Brothers should be fertile ground for Sheridan, who has made a career-long study of complex family connections, from In the Name of the Father to The Boxer to the more recent In America. 
  
 Yet he seems to be going through the motions, tracking Bier's original and sanitizing it for an American audience afraid of subtitles. Even the obligatory inclusion of a U2 song feels rote. It's still a film worth seeing, if only for the performances, but it seems to be something far short of a labour of love by Sheridan. ||||| Brothers Movie Review The word "melodrama" doesn't have much currency in movies these days, but in its best moments Brothers proves that the old genre can feel alive and well when done right. Even without major insight on its subject matter, the movie carries emotional heft thanks to stronger-than-usual performances from two of the leads The word "melodrama" doesn't have much currency in movies these days, but in its best moments Brothers proves that the old genre can feel alive and well when done right. Even without major insight on its subject matter, the movie carries emotional heft thanks to stronger-than-usual performances from two of the leads and a quiet, intuitive handling of the homefront effects of war. Coming so soon after Oren Moverman's superior and similarly themed The Messenger, Brothers sometimes feels unnecessarily Hollywood, but there's a surprising amount of truth in there as well. 
  
  
  
 Living somewhere in the wintry heart of America, Grace (Natalie Portman) and Sam (Tobey Maguire) are your basic perfect couple, high school sweethearts blessed with two adorable daughters (Bailee Madison and Taylor Geare), a cozy and old-fashioned home, and Sam's career as an Army Captain. Sam is preparing to ship out to Afghanistan just as his younger brother Tommy (Jake Gyllenhaal) is being released from a brief prison stint; it's clear during one particularly tense dinner which son dad (Sam Shepard) favor, and Grace is quick to rebuff Tommy's reluctant attempts at friendship as well. 
  
  
  
 That all changes, though, when Sam's helicopter crashes in the Afghan desert, and Grace pulls Tommy closer to her as both cope with a giant new hole in their lives. As Sam, actually alive, struggles to survive in a POW camp, Tommy takes the girls ice skating and helps Grace remodel her kitchen, not so much as an attempt to to be with her as to craft some kind of family of his own. When Sam finally returns, having done horrible things in Afghanistan to ensure his own survival, what's intended to be a triumphant reunion becomes a series of paranoid glances and regrets, culminating in the kind of emotional explosions that feels a little over the top, yes, but also undeniably possible. 
  
  
  
 Director Jim Sheridan is as excellent with the two child actresses as he was with real-life sisters in In America, but he's also got a nice touch with Gyllenhaal and Portman in the homefront scenes, coaxing out of both of them exceptional performances. While not entirely convincing as a grizzled ex-con, Gyllenhaal digs deep in his twitchy, distrustful character, and changes visibly as he becomes more comfortable in his surrogate father role. Portman, looking like a grown-up almost for the first time, is steadfast and close to brilliant as the rock-steady Grace; even when the world is collapsing all around her, Portman never reaches for the high emotion, but lets it arrive to her instead. 
  
  
  
 The weak link among the three is certainly Maguire, charged with the nearly impossible task of portraying a perfect good-guy who unravels into an angry beast. In the Afghanistan scenes, with Sam in pure survival mode, Maguire works surprisingly well as a gruff commander who thinks quick on his feet. And during Sam's first few days at home, when everything feels suddenly unfamiliar, it's easy to believe that there's coiled rage behind nearly everything Sam says or does. But when it comes time for the inevitable breakdown, promoted heavily in the trailers, Maguire simply isn't up for it. Nothing in the film has led up to this kind of climax either, and when a movie that has previously relied on small moments and subtle editing suddenly explodes, it takes Maguire down with it. 
  
  
  
 But despite moments in the film in which Sheridan seems to simply be cribbing, not expanding on, earlier war movies (including, probably, Susanne Bier's Danish film of the same name), Brothers is willing to take its own path often enough that it feels rewarding as a whole. Filmed without fuss and relying on performances that largely deliver, it's a simple adult drama with a story that needs to be told. Even absent perfection, that's worth something. 7 / 10 stars Rating: 3.5/5 Reviewed By: Katey Rich Blended From Around The Web 
  
 Back to top ||||| Film opens Dec. 4: The jury might still be out on what to do in Afghanistan, but the public has spoken on war movies: nobody buys tickets to them anymore. It's a good thing that Hollywood hasn't seemed to notice (or care), because this year included some terrific offerings in the genre. All three movies—The Hurt Locker, The Messenger, Brothers—demonstrate that war is hell, but they also show us that the most difficult fights aren't always on the battlefield. They're often right in the kitchen, after the war, when the soldiers come face to face with loved ones who can't comprehend what combat does to a person's soul. When the main character in The Hurt Locker, a bomb-detonation expert, is asked by his wife to buy cereal or chop carrots, it's clear that he can't cope with the banality of his old life. (Article continued below…) 
  
 Advertisement Your video will begin in seconds Adjust volume for sound 
  
 Brothers is the most recent of the three films, and perhaps the most mainstream. Based on a 2004 Danish movie by Susanne Bier and directed by Jim Sheridan (My Left Foot), it stars Tobey Maguire as a Marine named Sam who leaves home for Afghanistan just as his brother, Tommy (Jake Gyllenhaal), returns home from jail. Sam's wife, Grace (Natalie Portman), and their kids (the excellent Bailee Madison and Taylor Geare) find themselves torn between the two men: hating the father who comes back completely changed, loving the ex-con who stayed with them. The film's most powerful scene is actually set at a child's birthday party, where one of the girls won't stop rubbing a balloon to make a screeching sound. To most parents it's an everyday annoyance. To Sam the noise sounds like gunfire and serves as a reminder of how he can no longer relate to his family's happiness. It's a metaphor for his fragile psyche. 
  
 Portman has some of the most difficult scenes, and this is her most accomplished work since Closer. But Brothers is Maguire's movie. So gaunt that he almost looks like a ghost, he bites into his character like a rabid dog. Brothers shows us that even when our troops do come home, their war may be far from over. 
  
 © 2009 |||||