Teacher:In this task, you are given a set of context paragraph and some supporting facts to answer a question. Your task is to generate answer for given question based on set of context paragraphs and supporting facts.
Teacher: Now, understand the problem? Solve this instance: Context_1 : Bob Rosa is an American record producer that has worked with artists such as Madonna, Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and Espen Lind. One if his first recording projects was working on the track "Planet Rock" by Afrika Bambaataa & the Soulsonic Force in 1982. Context_2 : The Hunger is an industrial rock band from Houston, Texas formed by brothers Jeff and Thomas Wilson along with Brian Albritton. During the initial year of putting the band together and working on new material the band wrote and independently released the single, "Shock" in 1991 which rose to the top of the dance charts. Industrial dance music ruled the charts in Europe along with strong ties to Chicago, Wax Trax Records, and Houston. Subsequent releases of "Cut the Skin" and "Shoot to Kill" gained national exposure on the dance charts and club scene. "Never Again" was self-released as a radio single and quickly rose to the top of Houston Radio Station's 93Q and 96.5 attracting the attention of independent record label Alpha International. Stephen Bogle produced the single of "Never Again". The band wrote and produced the album "Leave Me Alone" but due to the bankruptcy of Alpha International the record sat idle. It was released but there were no marketing efforts behind it. After the release of the album, the band sought out drummer Max Schuldberg and they played their first concert as a foursome opening for Peter Murphy at Southern Star Amphitheater. They played concerts in Texas as a foursome for two years. Along with the three founders and newest member Max Schuldberg, the band added producer Stephen Bogle as guitarist to complete the line up. The band recorded and produced "Grip" under their own start up label, Gut Records. "Grip" went on to sell 15,000 units with the help of a crafty rework of Bad Company's "Feel like Makin Love". Universal Records, at the time a brand new start up label, heard of the success of "Grip" and signed the band as their second artist ever. "Devil Thumbs a Ride", the 3rd album, had already been recorded and mastered and was about to be manufactured for another self-release when Universal stepped in to sign the band and release the album as-is. The Hunger had a hit song in 1996, "Vanishing Cream", from the "Devil Thumbs a Ride" CD, which received heavy airplay on rock stations and reached No. 4 on the Mainstream Rock charts. After two years of constant touring, the band finally stopped to record their second release with Universal Records, "Cinematic Superthug". After only moderate success with the single, "Moderation", the band asked to be and was granted a release from their contract from Universal Records. Two songs, "Shoot to Kill", also from "Devil Thumbs a Ride", and "If", from "Grip", reached No. 42 on Billboard's Dance/Club Play chart. The band has released six albums: two on Universal Records and four on independent labels. Former original drummer (1991-2003) Max Schuldberg (voted 2002's Best Drummer by the Houston Press Music Awards) parted with the band after the five albums in 2003 and moved to Los Angeles. Former guitarist and two time Grammy Award nominee (remixer, for his work with D.J. Cubanito) Stephen Bogle now Produces artists in the Metal, Electronic, and Pop genres. In late 2005 Stephen Bogle parted ways with the band, and Tim Huston was quickly picked up. With having only a few practices with the band they headed on tour with Ten Years. Tim Huston Stayed with the band from late '05 til 2013. "The lifestyle was just getting to overwhelming for me to handle". "If I would have stayed, who knows what would have happened to me. There was just no off button". In 2013, guitarist Raf Rivera joined the lineup, and the band is currently in the process of recording their first new material in over 8 years. Context_3 : "Vision of Love" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It served as Carey's debut single, the first from her eponymous debut album. Written by Carey and Ben Margulies, "Vision of Love" was released on May 15, 1990, by Columbia Records. After being featured on Carey's demo tape for Columbia, the song was re-sung and produced by Rhett Lawrence and Narada Michael Walden. "Vision of Love" features a slow-dance theme tempo and backing vocals sung by Carey herself, and introduces her usage of the whistle register. Lyrically, the song describes a past and present relationship with a lover. Carey describes the "vision of love" she dreamed of, as well as the present love she feels for him. Context_4 : The Roman de la Rose (] ; "Romance of the Rose"), is a medieval French poem styled as an allegorical dream vision. It is a notable instance of courtly literature. The work's stated purpose is to both entertain and to teach others about the Art of Love. At various times in the poem, the "Rose" of the title is seen as the name of the lady, and as a symbol of female sexuality in general. Likewise, the other characters' names function both as regular names and as abstractions illustrating the various factors that are involved in a love affair. Context_5 : Una Rosa Blu ("A Blu(e) Rose") is the seventh studio album by Mexican pop singer-songwriter Gloria Trevi, released by Univision Records on October 2, 2007 (see 2007 in music) in Latin America and the United States. It was produced by "Sergio George", "Bob Benozzo" and "Armando Avila". This album sold over 600,000 copies. In the US, the album sold about 50,000 copies during the first day of release [4] 1 and later received gold and platinum certifications by the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) .2 In Mexico, it received Gold Record and Platinum and reached fifth place in sales nationwide. Una Rosa Blu reached a highest position of third place on the Billboard Latin Pop Albums, within a few weeks of its release. In Spain it was one of the Top 100 best selling albums in 2009. Context_6 : Tribute Records (Ben-Jamin' Universal Music) is an American gospel music record label established in 1990. The label was co-founded by jazz musician and former pro basketball player Ben Tankard and George King. King owned Nashville based Diadem Music Group which produced Contemporary Christian music. Diadem's signature artist Bob Carlisle is best known for his hit song "Butterfly Kisses". Tribute became the urban contemporary gospel (black gospel) division of Diadem and home to several gospel music stars, most notably Tankard (a keyboardist whose solo albums were instrumental releases), Yolanda Adams, Twinkie Clark of The Clark Sisters and others. Tankard was executive producer and music producer on most of the early Tribute releases and his vision was to develop artists and pioneer a new smooth genre of music he coined as "gospeljazz". He featured Yolanda Adam's jazzy vocals on the album and concept video single " You Bring Out The Best In Me " on his 1994 release "Play Me In Your Key". The jazzy collaborations of Tankard and Adams produced major crossover success and brought the name of Tribute Records to the forefront. Office Depot produced a gospel style " Taking Care Of Business " commercial national ad campaign that was centered on Tribute Records, Tankard, and Adams and ran from 1994-1996. Context_7 : Keno Don Hugo Rosa ( ), known simply as Don Rosa (born June 29, 1951), is an American comic book author and illustrator known for his stories about Scrooge McDuck, Donald Duck and other Disney characters. Many of his stories are built on characters and locations created by Carl Barks, including the story that brought him to fame as a modern Disney artist – the Harvey Award-nominated comic, "The Son of the Sun". Context_8 : Mariah Carey (born March 27, 1969 or 1970) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress. In 1990, she rose to fame with the release of "Vision of Love" from her eponymous debut album. The album produced four chart-topping singles in the US and began what would become a string of commercially successful albums which solidified the singer as Columbia Records' highest selling act. Carey and Boyz II Men spent a record sixteen weeks atop the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1995–1996 with "One Sweet Day," which remains the longest-running number-one song in US chart history. Following a contentious divorce from Sony Music head Tommy Mottola, Carey adopted a new image and traversed towards hip hop with the release of "Butterfly" (1997). In 1998, she was honored as the world's best-selling recording artist of the 1990s at the World Music Awards and subsequently named the best-selling female artist of the millennium in 2000. Context_9 : Rosa kordesii, or Rosa" × "kordesii is a type of rose that arose naturally from hybridization followed by chromosome doubling. A hybrid between "R. rugosa" and "R. wichurana" was created called "Rosa" 'Max Graf', but it was diploid and nearly sterile, producing flowers but no fruit. This rose produced a few viable seeds as a result of self-pollination, and the seedlings that resulted were tetraploid instead of diploid, i.e., the chromosomes of both pollen and egg cells had been naturally duplicated. The tetraploid seedlings are amphidiploids. A selection with double deep pink flowers and repeat bloom, also called 'K01 AgCan' was released by W. Kordes' Söhne in 1951. Context_10 : Patrick Shevelle Love (born July 23, 1968) is an American gospel musician. He started his music career, in 1994, with the release of, "Wait on the Lord", that was released by Crystal Rose Records. His second album, "The Vision", was released by Crystal Rose Records in 1998. He got both albums to chart on the "Billboard" magazine Gospel Albums chart. fact_1 : Bob Rosa is an American record producer that has worked with artists such as Madonna, Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and Espen Lind. fact_2 :  In 1990, she rose to fame with the release of "Vision of Love" from her eponymous debut album. Question: Which artist has Bob Rosa produced for that rose to fame with the release of "Vision of Love"?
Student: