Given the question: Information:  - Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker, famous for introducing the character of the vampire Count Dracula.  - Doctor Who is a British science-fiction television programme produced by the BBC since 1963. The programme depicts the adventures of a Time Lord called "The Doctor", an extraterrestrial being from the planet Gallifrey. He explores the universe in a time-travelling space ship called the TARDIS. Its exterior appears as a blue British police box, which was a common sight in Britain in 1963 when the series first aired. Accompanied by a number of companions, the Doctor combats a variety of foes, while working to save civilisations and help people in need.  - Strontium Dog is a long-running comics series featuring in the British science fiction weekly "2000 AD", starring Johnny Alpha, a mutant bounty hunter with an array of imaginative gadgets and weapons.  - The Seventh Doctor is an incarnation of the Doctor, the protagonist of the BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who". He is portrayed by Scottish actor Sylvester McCoy.  - Stargate is a military science fiction and media franchise based on the film created by Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin. The franchise is based on the idea of an alien EinsteinRosen bridge device (the Stargate) that enables nearly instantaneous travel across the cosmos. The franchise began with the film "Stargate", released on October 28, 1994, by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Carolco, which grossed US$197 million worldwide. In 1997, Brad Wright and Jonathan Glassner created a television series titled "Stargate SG-1" as a sequel to the film. This show was joined by "Stargate Atlantis" in 2004, and a third spin-off series, "Stargate Universe", in 2009. Also consistent with the same story are a variety of books, video games and comic books, as well as the direct-to-DVD movies "" and "", which concluded the first television show after 10 seasons.  - The TARDIS (Time And Relative Dimension In Space) is a fictional time machine and spacecraft that appears in the British science fiction television programme "Doctor Who" and its various spin-offs.  - The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster. It is headquartered at Broadcasting House in London, is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation, and is the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, with over 20,950 staff in total, of whom 16,672 are in public sector broadcasting; including part-time, flexible as well as fixed contract staff, the total number is 35,402.  - Lisa Bowerman is a British actress. Career. Bowerman trained at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and was a regular in the first two series of BBC medical drama "Casualty" playing Sandra Mute, the show's first female paramedic. Her other television work includes: Dodgem, The Count of Solar, "Grange Hill", "The Vision Thing", "Doctors", "McCallum", "Bad Girls" and "Night and Day". In 2007 she guest-starred as the Home Secretary's PA in "Spooks", and returned to "Casualty" for a one-episode cameo role as a patient. She has been seen recently in 5 episodes of "Coronation Street" as solicitor Jennifer Lingwood.  - Grange Hill is a British television children's drama series originally made by the BBC. The show began its run on 8 February 1978 on BBC1, and was one of the longest-running programmes on British television when it ended its run on September 15, 2008. It was created by Phil Redmond who is also responsible for the Channel 4 dramas "Brookside" and "Hollyoaks"; other notable production team members down the years have included producer Colin Cant and script editor Anthony Minghella.  - Dark Shadows is an American Gothic soap opera that originally aired weekdays on the ABC television network, from June 27, 1966 to April 2, 1971. The show depicted the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the wealthy Collins family of Collinsport, Maine, where a number of supernatural occurrences take place.  - Coronation Street (informally known as Corrie) is a British soap opera created by Granada Television and shown on ITV since 9 December 1960. The programme centres on Coronation Street in Weatherfield, a fictional town based on inner city Salford, its terraced houses, café, corner shop, newsagents, building yard, taxicab office, salon, restaurant, textile factory and the Rovers Return pub. In the show's fictional history, the street was built in the early 1900s and named in honour of the coronation of King Edward VII.  - The Time Lords are a fictional, ancient extraterrestrial people in the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who", of which the series' protagonist, the Doctor, is a member. Time Lords are so named for their command of time travel technology and their non-linear perception of time. Originally they were described as a powerful and wise race from the planet Gallifrey, from which the Doctor was a renegade; details beyond this were very limited for the first decade of the series. They later became integral to many episodes and stories as their role in the fictional universe developed. For the first eight years after the series resumed in 2005, the Time Lords were said to have been destroyed at some point between the original series' cancellation in 1989 and the show's revival during the fictional Last Great Time War. In 2013, the 50th anniversary special "The Day of the Doctor" concerned this supposed destruction and their eventual survival.  - Paul Douglas Cornell (born 18 July 1967) is a British writer best known for his work in television drama as well as "Doctor Who" fiction, and as the creator of one of the Doctor's spin-off companions, Bernice Summerfield.  - Big Finish Productions is a British company that produces books and audio plays (released straight to compact disc and for download in mp3 and m4b format) based, primarily, on cult science fiction properties. They are best known for their "Doctor Who" line; other properties include the characters Judge Dredd and Strontium Dog from "2000 AD", "Blake's 7", "Dark Shadows", "Dracula", "Sapphire & Steel", Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes character, "Stargate", "The Avengers", "The Prisoner", and "Torchwood".  - Bernice Surprise Summerfield (later Professor Bernice Summerfield or just Benny) is a fictional character created by author Paul Cornell as a new companion of the Seventh Doctor in Virgin Publishing's range of original full-length "Doctor Who" novels, the "New Adventures". The "New Adventures" were authorized novels carrying on from where the "Doctor Who" television series had left off, and Summerfield was introduced in Cornell's novel "Love and War" in 1992.  - The Prisoner is a 17-episode British television series first broadcast in Canada on September 6, 1967 then in the United Kingdom on 29 September 1967 and in the USA on June 1, 1968. It stars and was co-created by Patrick McGoohan, and combines spy fiction with elements of science fiction, allegory and psychological drama.  - Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, normally referred to as the Home Secretary, is a senior official as one of the Great Offices of State within Her Majesty's Government and head of the Home Office. The office is a British Cabinet level position.  - Gallifrey (or ) is a planet in the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It is the original home world of the Doctor, The Master, and The Rani, as well as other Time Lords that have been seen in the show. It was located in a binary star system within the constellation of Kasterborous, at "galactic coordinates ten-zero-eleven-zero-zero by zero-two from galactic zero centre".  - Torchwood is a British science fiction television programme created by Russell T Davies. A spin-off from the 2005 revival of long-running science fiction programme "Doctor Who", "Torchwood" aired four series between 2006 and 2011. The show shifted its broadcast channel each series to reflect its growing audience, moving from BBC Three to BBC Two to BBC One, and acquiring US financing in its fourth series when it became a co-production of BBC One and Starz. In contrast to "Doctor Who", whose target audience includes both adults and children, "Torchwood" is aimed at an older audience. Over its run, the show explored a number of themes; prominent among these were existentialism, homosexual and bisexual relationships, and explorations of human corruptibility.  - The Relics of Jegg - Sau is a Big Finish Productions audio drama featuring Lisa Bowerman as Bernice Summerfield , a character from the spin - off media based on the long - running British science fiction television series Doctor Who .  - Sherlock Holmes is a fictional private detective created by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Known as a "consulting detective" in the stories, Holmes is known for a proficiency with observation, forensic science, and logical reasoning that borders on the fantastic, which he employs when investigating cases for a wide variety of clients, including Scotland Yard.   - Judge Joseph Dredd is a fictional character who appears in British comic books published by Rebellion Developments, as well as in a number of movie and video game adaptations. He was created by writer John Wagner and artist Carlos Ezquerra, and first appeared in the second issue of "2000 AD" (1977), a weekly science-fiction anthology comic. He is the magazine's longest-running character.  - Blake's 7 is a British science fiction television series produced by the BBC for broadcast by BBC1, four 13-episode series being broadcast between 1978 and 1981. It was created by Terry Nation, who also created the Daleks for the television series "Doctor Who". The script editor was Chris Boucher. The main character, at least initially, was Roj Blake, played by Gareth Thomas. The series was inspired by various fictional media including "Robin Hood", "Star Trek", "Passage to Marseille", "The Dirty Dozen", "Brave New World", classic Western stories as well as real-world political conflicts in South America and Israel.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'series'.
The answer is: