INDIANAPOLIS -- Defense attorneys for former Jared Foundation Executive Director Russell Taylor filed dozens of pages of documents this week as part of his ongoing sentencing process. 
  
 In the documents, Taylor's attorneys allege he was the victim of a psychologically abusive relationship with Jared Fogle for more than a decade. 
  
 ALSO READ | Jared Fogle: What he admitted to in plea deal 
  
 The documents also reveal new information about Taylor's life before Fogle, and allegations about the former Subway spokesman's conduct during Taylor's 12 years of employment with him: 
  
 Personal history of abuse 
  
 Taylor claims he was sexually abused by an older neighbor boy for years when he was 6-9 years old. He also claims he was molested by adult female friends of his father's when he was a teenager. 
  
 Taylor also says his father and father's friends "bribed him with KISS trading cards" to leave the window blinds open in his sisters' room at night. 
  
 Taylor said he wanted to go to college right after high school, but "my mom and pastor (stepfather) had decided the rapture was going to happen in 1989 and that I was better off studying the Bible." 
  
 Taylor denied being sexually attracted to children, but admitted that he has engaged in "swinging" with his wife and other couples, as well as "orgies." Taylor claims he was part of a "swinger's club." 
  
 Psychologists who examined Taylor determined he has "dependent personality disorder," characterized by a "pervasive psychological dependence on other people." 
  
 FBI raided Taylor's house initially in search of bestiality videos stemming from texts between him and a female friend about her running a "male horse farm" and him asking to borrow a horse to engage in sex. Taylor claims the texts were part of a running joke between the two. 
  
 Taylor reported "horrific" conditions at the Marion County Jail: 
  
 He claims he was fed food with cockroaches smashed inside it for days at a time. Taylor says he was handcuffed while other inmates were permitted to physically attack him. Taylor and other inmates accused of child molestation were reportedly encouraged to commit suicide and disparaged for "not doing it right." 
  
 Relationship with Jared Fogle ||||| Taylor asked for a prison sentence of 15 to almost 23 years in a court filing Friday. 
  
 Russell Taylor after his arrest this year. (Photo: Indiana State Police) 
  
 Lawyers for Russell Taylor described his relationship with Jared Fogle as "psychologically abusive," and Fogle would make Taylor "call him Daddy," according to court filings Friday. 
  
 A detailed 18-page psychological assessment of Taylor, included in the filing, contained allegations that Fogle wanted Taylor to get him date-rape drugs to use on "kids" and that Fogle would say to Taylor, "Daddy needs some pictures." 
  
 Fogle, the former Subway pitchman, was sentenced to almost 16 years in prison after admitting that Taylor provided him with child pornography, some of it recorded secretly in Taylor's home. 
  
 Taylor, 44, the former head of Fogle's foundation, has agreed to plead guilty to 12 counts of producing child porn and one count of distributing it. He will be sentenced Thursday in federal court in Indianapolis by the same judge who sentenced Fogle. 
  
 "Despite contentions made by Mr. Fogle, Mr. Fogle regularly requested additional videos of the minor children be made and even offered to provide Mr. Taylor with more sophisticated equipment to do so," the court filing said. 
  
 "Mr. Fogle maintained control over Mr. Taylor's job, owned the home Mr. Taylor was living in, and provided a lavish number of experiences to Mr. Taylor. Mr. Fogle had the perfect person to carry out his sexually deviant pursuits, all the while attempting to insulate himself from the risks of the conduct." 
  
 A day after prosecutors asked for a 35-year prison sentence for Taylor, Taylor's lawyers asked for 15 to almost 23 years. 
  
 The prosecutor's sentencing memo, filed Thursday, said Taylor provided girls younger than 16 with alcohol, illegal drugs and money "as part of an effort to seduce them." He engaged in sex acts with two of the girls when they were 14, the document claimed. 
  
 Taylor also sent text messages to a boyfriend of another 14-year-old girl, urging him to encourage the girl to join "in sexual activity with Taylor and others," according to prosecutors. 
  
 Taylor's lawyers painted a different picture. They said Taylor was an abused child and that his mother hit him "with objects including switches, shoes, or paneling, whatever was around." Asked whether authorities ever got involved, Taylor said, "We lived in the country, nobody called CPS." 
  
 The court filing also challenged Fogle's version of his role in their crimes. 
  
 "Mr. Fogle maintained a controlling influence over Mr. Taylor," the court filing said. Fogle would remind Taylor "frequently that he controlled his employment and his home." 
  
 "Mr. Fogle would refer to himself as Mr. Taylor's 'daddy' and there would be discussions of how much Taylor loved 'daddy' and reminding him that 'daddy' was paying for his things," the court document said. "Mr. Fogle would even go as far as making Mr. Taylor eat things that were inconsistent with his gluten intolerance." 
  
 Taylor rejected Fogle's claim that he did not request the pornography, saying Fogle was "intimately tied" to its creation. 
  
 "It is inconceivable to think that a man who admittedly and regularly sought out sex with minors under the age of 16 did not request the commercial pornography or the home produced videos from Mr. Taylor," the filing said. 
  
 Fogle pleaded guilty to traveling across state lines to have commercial sex with a minor. 
  
 Taylor admits that he deserves a harsher punishment than Fogle because he produced the videos. But, his lawyers argued, the prosecution's request of 35 years is too harsh. They said giving Taylor a sentence more than twice as long as Fogle's "is not warranted and would create an unreasonable disparity" because of Fogle's "direct involvement in this crime." 
  
 Taylor's attorneys also argued that the child pornography produced by Taylor consisted only of secret recordings of nude children. 
  
 "Mr. Taylor placed cameras in places where he was likely to capture the victims without clothing but he was not contacting or directing the victims in the production of the videos in any way," the filing said. "Mr. Taylor did not distribute or show the videos he created to individuals other than Mr. Fogle." 
  
 A sentence of 15 to almost 23 years, which Taylor wants, "would avoid a gross disparity between Mr. Taylor and others sentenced for the same type of offenses." 
  
 The court filing includes a "Psychological/Psychosexual Risk Assessment," which noted that Taylor has been married three times and has two children. The report described Taylor's "near-fatal" suicide attempt by hanging at the Marion County Jail in May. 
  
 The report also described conditions at the Marion County Jail as "horrific" for Taylor, and said he was "fed food with cockroaches intentionally smashed inside it for days at a time." It said he was "handcuffed while other inmates were permitted to physically attack him." 
  
 In the report, Taylor describes being sexually abused as a child by neighbors. He attended several schools in and around Mooresville. 
  
 Taylor wanted to go to college, "but my mom and Pastor (his step-father, a baptist preacher) had decided the rapture was going to happen in 1989 and that I was better off studying the bible." 
  
 Taylor was in the Air Force briefly and was honorably discharged, according to the report. He met Fogle while serving as youth market director for the American Heart Association when Fogle was scheduled to speak at elementary schools in the area. Taylor wrote a speech for Fogle that "went over well," and they began to develop a closer relationship. 
  
 They traveled to a Colts-Patriots game at New England and met the announcers. Afterward, they went to a strip club and took a stripper back to their hotel for sex. 
  
 "That began our 12-year run," the report quoted Taylor as saying. 
  
 Fogle hired Taylor in 2009 to run his foundation. Fogle made jokes and comments about sex with children. They went to Thailand, Korea, Japan and other countries, and while Fogle sought out 18-year-old prostitutes, "I'd never seen him have sex with a minor." 
  
 When Fogle found out about hidden cameras at Taylor's home — to prevent stealing, the report said — the Subway pitchman "encouraged Mr. Taylor to keep filming in the house, and eventually to move the cameras in the bathrooms and private areas, in hopes of catching the children naked." 
  
 Taylor's version of his actions in the psychological report, and particularly his assertion that Fogle was the driving force behind his involvement with child pornography, is a stark contrast to the text messages he sent to an Indianapolis woman before his arrest. 
  
 Those messages — in which Taylor discussed pornographic images of young girls and bestiality, and shared an image of a woman engaged in a sex act with a dog — prompted the woman to report Taylor to Indiana State Police. 
  
 In one of the messages, Taylor asked the woman identified in court records as "Jane Doe" if she wanted to see pictures of young girls. 
  
 "Tell me what you want to see. I got it all," he wrote. 
  
 When the woman said images Taylor previously sent to her were "so hot," he asked if she wanted more. 
  
 "Type? Her with dogs, orgy, s and m, young girls, etc," Taylor wrote. 
  
 The woman replied "young orgy." 
  
 "How young are you ok with?" he asked. 
  
 At that point, the woman said she was interested only in images in which the subjects were of legal age. 
  
 "I wanted to ask lol," Taylor responded. "Keep in mind we do travel to Thailand on occasion." 
  
 Taylor concluded his text with a smiley face emoticon. 
  
 Call Star reporter Mark Alesia at (317) 444-6311. Follow him on Twitter: @markalesia. 
  
 Call Star reporter Tim Evans at (317) 444-6204. Follow him on Twitter: @startwatchtim. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1XNK3bh |||||

Write a summary.