There were calls today to shut down the BlackBerry Messenger service which is thought to have played a key role in helping mobilise looters involved in the riots across London. Mike Butcher, a technology journalist and digital adviser to Boris Johnson, said it was 'unbelievable' that the BBM service had not been disabled. Messages on the service, along with posts on Twitter, helped spread the locations of riots like wildfire and brought hordes of teenagers together to attack neighbourhoods throughout the weekend. Hackney: Smash and grab - A man jump kicks a store front window to get in and loot. Hackney: Looters queue to get in to a convenience store to get hold of its goods. Hackney: Hooded thieves take what they can from inside the store. The messenger service on BlackBerry. handsets, an instant, cheap and safe form of communication, helped. galvanise looters across London and nationwide over the weekend. The. BlackBerry itself is now the smartphone favoured by young people in. this country, and is used by a massive 37 per cent of British teens. Unlike social networks like Facebook and Twitter, messages sent through BBM cannot be traced back to the sender's phone. For the majority of teens with BlackBerrys, BBMS has replaced regular SMS messages which still cost around 10p each to send. BlackBerry UK were forced to deny weekend reports that they planned to disable the service. Research. in Motion, the firm behind BlackBerry and BBM, instead said they would. ‘engage with the authorities’ following the riots. Today, Mr Butcher described the BBM. service as 'text messaging with steroids', as Blackberry itself denied. reports it had planned to disable the messenging service. Mr Butcher had tweeted last night: 'It is unbelievable that @UK_BlackBerry is not shutting down BBM right now.' He told the BBC Today programme this. morning: 'Mobile phones have become weaponised in their capability of. spreading information about where to target next. 'There is evidence that BBM is an. encrypted, very secure, safe, fast, cheap, easy way for disaffected. urban youths to spread messages for their next target. 'It's like text messaging with. steroids - you can send messages to hundreds of people and once it's. gone from your phone it cannot be traced back to you.' BlackBerry UK had to deny reports over the weekend that it planned to shut down the messenging service. The firm instead tweeted that it would help the authorities with their investigation. Mr Butcher said police need to communicate with phone firms like BlackBerry to help anticipate future disturbances. He added: 'BlackBerry itself has said these messages are very hard to trace. Obviously there is going to have to be some kind of communication between the police and companies like BlackBerry to try to get the information befre the riots happen'. Mr Butcher has since removed the tweet from his Twitter feed and qualified his comments on the Today programme by adding that 'you could not shut down BBM because information would still be rooted around'. Young looters were accused of an opportunistic ‘Supermarket Sweep’ motivated by nothing other than greed. Dozens were filmed as they disappeared into the night with their arms laden with plasma TVs, laptops and sports clothes. Claims that rampant lawlessness was motivated by the death of Mark Duggan at the hands of police was quickly exposed as a lie. Some of those involved in attacks on stores in Enfield, Tottenham and Oxford Circus were barely old enough to be arrested. Messages on social networking sites and mobile phones spread like wildfire and brought hordes of teenagers, many covering their faces with masks and hoods, to shops and high streets. In some areas they were left to roam freely, forming queues outside smashed stores and pausing to try on footwear. Pictures of the young thieves posing with their loot were soon posted on the internet accompanied by gloating messages. Last night on Rye Lane in Peckham, a mob of 30 black youths wearing bandanas forced open the metal grill of a jewellers before smashing their way into the shop. Croydon: An Argos store was smashed into and looted on Monday night. [caption. Should BlackBerry Messenger be banned after 'inciting' the riots? Should BlackBerry Messenger be banned after 'inciting' the riots? Now share your opinion. Children, who bystanders say could. have been as young as seven, rushed inside to grab what they could. Scotland Yard revealed that an 11-year-old boy is the youngest of more. than 215 people who have been arrested over the rioting. He has since. been charged with burglary. The vast majority of those arrested. for offences including burglary, violent disorder and theft were aged in. their teens or early 20s. Many. of those involved were rallied by calls spread through mobile phone. messages and social networking sites such as Twitter and Facebook. One BlackBerry message urged people to arm themselves with hammers and to bring cars, vans and even trollies to help them cart off stolen goods. It added: ‘What ever ends [area] your from put your ballys [balaclavas] on link up and cause havoc, just rob everything. Police can’t stop it.’ Another message referred to Oxford Circus where a mob of about 50 youths attacked several businesses. A policeman said last night that children involved in the rioting and stealing were inspired by video game Grand Theft Auto. The 18-rated computer game is popular among teenagers, with many having the game given to them by their parents. In riot-hit Tottenham a police officer said: ‘These are bad people who did this. Kids are out of control. When I was young it was all Pacman and board games. Now they’re playing Grand Theft Auto and want to live it for themselves.’ The game, which is made by  Edinburgh-based firm Rockstar North, has been criticised for depicting carjackings, drive-by shootings and prostitution. It has also been accused of encouraging juvenile crime in Britain. Players are expected to commit crimes and build up their power in a fictional city by selling drugs and killing rival gangsters. There have been fears that some gamers may try to recreate scenes from the games for real. It called on ‘everyone from all sides of London’ to meet up, smash up shops and get some ‘free stuff’, adding: ‘if you see a fed [police] ... SHOOT!’ Lambeth Council leader Steve Reed condemned the ‘opportunistic looting’ as ‘thieving on a mass scale’. He added: ‘Somebody described it as gangs of kids doing Supermarket Sweep’. This is a reference to the 1990s gameshow in which contestants raced round a store to get as many items in a trolley as they could in a limited time. ‘It was Curry’s where they were after plasma screen TVs and H&M and Foot Locker where it was clothes and trainers,’ said Mr Reed. ‘It was thieving on a mass scale. I’ve heard stories of people actually trying on clothes and using wheelie bins to fill with goods. It wasn’t about social issues, it was an opportunity to go on the rob.’ Police warned that those who used the internet and mobile phones to issue inflammatory rallying calls could face prosecution. Intelligence experts are scouring public messages for evidence of those behind the mayhem. But. they could be impeded by the increased use of encrypted BlackBerry. devices to spread calls to arms among networks of friends. It. has emerged that the ‘shadow social network’ played a key role in. co-ordinated violence in Enfield, Tottenham and Oxford Circus. Police. are trawling through a mass of evidence that some of the worst scenes. were co-ordinated by rioters using mobile phones and the internet. They fear incendiary messages urging thugs to arm themselves with knives and hammers were circulated via BlackBerry devices. Brixton: A pawnbroker is hit by a gang of hooded thieves as a photographer watches on. Brixton: A WHSmith shop on Brixton Road is one of several looted by hundreds of rioters. Dalston: Youths are seen running with boxes near near the area's Kingsland shopping centre. Further updates boasted that police were powerless to stop the carnage as lawlessness spread quickly across London. Looter: Pictures put on Twitter showed some of the rioters using shopping trolleys to carry away stolen items including TVs and mobile phones. Deputy Assistant Commissioner Steve Kavanagh said those caught using Twitter, BlackBerry messaging and other sites to stir up violence could be prosecuted. Asked whether those responsible for ‘inflammatory postings’ could be arrested, he replied: ‘Absolutely. Whether it be verbal communication, a placard or Twitter. This is the emerging way that we do policing.’ The use of BlackBerry smartphones is a worrying development for police because they are very difficult to monitor. They were once the preserve of business people looking to check their emails on the move but the messenger application, known as BBM, has proved irresistible to teenagers. It offers a text message-style service which is instant, free and private where users can exchange updates with individuals or large groups. The application has also been seized on by criminals, and security conscious businesses, because it is very difficult to intercept. Several countries, including the United Arab Emirates and India, have complained that BlackBerry messages are too secure and may be used by terrorists. In Enfield, 17-year-old witness Alice said she received a message on her phone telling people to come armed with knives and hammers. She said: ‘It was all planned. On BBM. there was a broadcast to everyone, which goes to everyone on someone’s. contact list, telling us to meet up with weapons.’ Mark Duggan, whose fatal shooting sparked some of the violence, sent his last message via BlackBerry messenger. He. told his girlfriend that the ‘Feds are following me’ from the back of a. minicab just minutes before the deadly confrontation in Tottenham last. Thursday. A BlackBerry spokesman suggested that the company may help police trace those responsible for stirring up violence. He said: ‘We feel for those impacted by the riots in London. We have engaged with the authorities to assist in any way we can.’
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: