By. Amy Oliver. PUBLISHED:. 05:14 EST, 22 May 2012. |. UPDATED:. 07:37 EST, 22 May 2012. Unassuming: Dorothy O'Grady's neighbours knew her as a guest house landlady whose greatest pleasure was walking her Labrador, Rob. To her neighbours Dorothy O'Grady was a pleasant middle-aged woman who liked walking her Labrador around their sleepy seaside town. So when the unassuming landlady of Osborne Villa in the Isle of Wight was suddenly arrested in 1940 on suspicion of being a Nazi spy, few believed it possible. O'Grady's husband had been sent to London to aid the fire service, the couple's guest house in Sandown had been closed and O'Grady was left to her own devices. The Channel island was flooded with soldiers, military bases and equipment. The neighbours thought O'Grady wandered with dog Rob to stave off the loneliness but the police had their suspicions. They believed O'Grady's dog walks were just a ruse, that in fact she was gathering intelligence into restricted military areas. She was accused of making detailed maps, cutting military telephone wires and wearing a small swastika badge on the underside of her coat lapel. She was tried and convicted in Winchester of betraying her country and became the first British woman to be sentenced to death for treason. She escaped the gallows after her lawyer successfully won an appeal for misdirection of the jury. Instead, she was jailed for 14 years. But tantalizingly, O'Grady's story does not end there. On her release in 1950 she went straight to Fleet Street insisting her 'spying' activities were a bit of fun or a 'lark', as she put it, which got rather out of hand. Shock: But in 1940 O'Grady was charged with being a Nazi spy and sentenced to death. This mugshot is from 1918 after she was arrested for forging bank notes. Why? An extract from O'Grady's detailed map of the Isle of Wight's eastern coastline in 1940 shows she concentrated on the defences in and around Sandown Bay, an area initially earmarked for invasion by Germany. She told the Daily Express that 'the whole thing was a joke', and that she 'looked forward to the trial as an immense thrill'. She said: 'The excitement of being tried for my life was intense... It made me feel somebody instead of being an ordinary seaside landlady.' O'Grady died aged 83 in 1985 and her version of events was generally accepted until 1995. Then her prosecution papers were released and it became plain just how serious a threat she constituted to national security in 1940. Landlady: Pictured last year, this is Osborne Villa, in Sandown, O'Grady's. guest house home at the time of her arrest in 1940. She escaped the gallows and was sentenced to 14 years in prison but returned to the villa on her release in 1950. Familiar: O'Grady was twice jailed at HMP Aylesbury, once for Borstal training and then in 1941 to serve her wartime crimes sentence. On her second visit the prison psychologist found her to be highly disturbed. The papers said the maps she drew were 'terrifyingly accurate', and 'would be of very great importance to the enemy'. Isle of Wight MP Barry Field had championed her cause, but was shocked when the papers were released. He said: 'I set out to clear her name, but I am staggered by the treachery she sunk to. She could have altered the direction of the war.' But the notion of 'Dotty' Dorothy being just another unhinged fantasist persisted. Now book, The Spy Beside the Sea, based on hitherto unseen reports unearthed by author Adrian Searle has shed new light on the mystery. Keeping watch: O'Grady had made notes on troop movements on the island, including the use of bicycles by the 6th Black Watch. Key area: After war broke out, the Isle of Wight became a key defensive position and thousands of troops were stationed there. Using research by the BBC journalist Peter Hill, Mr Searle began digging into O'Grady's past and uncovered documents that, more than any other, offer the most likely explanation of who Mrs Dorothy O'Grady really was. She had enjoyed a comfortable childhood with her adoptive parents, a British Museum official and his wife, in Clapham, south London. That all ended before her eleventh birthday when her mother died and father married his vindictive housekeeper, who bullied the young Dorothy. In 1918 after a spell in a home for young girls training for a life of domestic service, she was in trouble and well known as a 'thoroughly bad lot'. That year she was sent to borstal after forging banks notes and in 1920 served two years' hard labour for stealing clothes from her employer in Brighton. Timings: This official photograph was taken at Culver Down Battery on 24 August 1940 as O'Grady was compiling maps and drawing sketches of the Isle of Wight's coastal defences. Important: Culver Down Battery's 9.2in guns were an important component in the defence of the island. O'Grady noted their presence on her maps. Spying: In post-war interviews it was clear O'Grady had also been keeping an eye on the nearest of four Solent sea forts at St Helens. Was she working for Hitler? When she was arrested by troops on the island, O'Grady had a swastika badge on the underside of her coat lapel. On her return to London some years later, O'Grady gathered a collection of convictions for prostitution. The fourth saw her locked up in Holloway for three weeks. On her release she married Vincent O'Grady, a London fireman 19 years her senior. And on his retirement the couple moved to the Isle of Wight, but when war broke out in 1939 he was put back into service and she was left alone. The soldiers stationed on the island had at first thought the then 42-year-old O'Grady, who was always hanging around with her dog, was just a nuisance. This map of the Isle of Wight in 1940, shows O’Grady’s close proximity to military installations. East. 1. St Helens (Sea) Fort – searchlights. 2. Nodes Fort & Battery – heavy gun battery / artillery barracks. 3. Culver Fort & Culver Down Battery – heavy gun battery. 4. Fort Bembridge – artillery barracks / battery observation post / Army radar. 5. (Former) Redcliff Battery – anti-aircraft gun. 6. Yaverland Fort & Battery – searchlights. 7. Sandown (Granite) Fort – pill box; one of many in Sandown Bay area. 8. (Former) Sandown Barracks Battery – disused; guarded. 9. Sandown Barracks – infantry barracks. 10. RAF Ventnor – major radar station. House icon – O’Grady’s home at Osborne Villa, Sandown. West. 11. (Former) Freshwater Redoubt – disused; guarded. 12. Needles (Old) Battery – anti-aircraft gun. 13. Needles (New) Battery – heavy gun battery. 14. (Former) Hatherwood Point Battery – Navy indicator loop. 15. (Former) Warden Point Battery – searchlights / anti-aircraft guns. 16. Golden Hill Fort – infantry depot. 17. Hurst Castle – medium gun battery / searchlights. 18. Fort Albert – medium gun battery. 19. Cliff End Battery – medium gun battery. 20. Fort Victoria – ancillary marine uses. 21. Bouldnor Battery – heavy gun battery / anti-submarine boom / minefield. 22. House icon – Latton House, Totland (O’Grady arrest site) But their suspicions were aroused when she offered a squaddie, tired of her interference, the tidy sum of 10 shillings as a bribe and was found to be wearing the swastika. She was booked, and ordered to appear before Ryde Magistrates' Court, a hearing which she didn't turn up for. Then, when police arrived at her villa they found it locked. O'Grady had gone on the run. It took three weeks to track her down. In that time she had made more maps, cut phone wires, and, unusually for an undercover agent, offered schoolboys small bribes to tell her about army gun emplacements. Her previous convictions for prostitution and fraud came out in the subsequent trial and this, it was later suggested, was the reason she had gone on the run, fearing her husband would find out. O'Grady was subject to psychological testing at Aylesbury Prison, where she served the majority of her sentence. And the reports into her mental health by the prison governor and psychologist, unearthed by Mr Searle using the Freedom of Information Act, give the most likely explanation of her so-called spying activities. Difficult childhood: The young Dorothy O'Grady almost certainly received her. truncated convent schooling at Convent of Notre Dame in London but by 1918 she was well known as a 'thoroughly bad lot' Criminal career: As well as the conviction for forgery, O'Grady also racked up convictions for stealing clothes and prostitution before being sentenced to death for treason. Death: O'Grady died aged 83 in 1985. This photograph was taken four years before her death while she was living in sheltered housing at Lake, on the Isle of Wight. The Spy Beside the Sea by by Adrian Searle is published on Thursday. According to the governor, O'Grady appeared to be a highly disturbed, and highly intelligent woman with a deep grudge against authority. The reports made clear she regularly self-harmed, and had 'attacks... in which she has to "obey people" inside her who encourage her to do harmful acts to herself'. She had enacted a pretend hanging by placing a chair on her cell bed, and sometimes slept naked under the bed. They also noted a sexual dimension to her behaviour, which included tying herself in awkward positions for hours at a time. The prison medical officer Dr Violet Minster reported that O'Grady inserted an alarming collection of objects into her vagina. These included a light bulb, more than 50 pieces of broken glass, a small pot, and 100 pins. In the fascinating book of the story that has remained a mystery for more than 70 years, Mr Searle believes this evidence shows O'Grady was not a spy but a woman who sought the limelight. But, while there is no evidence she ever attempted to communicate her information to anyone in any way, it is not impossible that she was hedging her bets, calculating, perhaps, that if the Nazis invaded, she would be able to prove her loyalty to the new cause. The Spy Beside the Sea by Adrian Searle is published by The History Press on Thursday 24 May at £12.99. The eBook is now on offer in the Amazon Kindle store for £3.42 (usual price around £10).
Summarize the highlights of this article.