Information:  - Thomas Edward "Thom" Yorke (born 7 October 1968) is an English musician best known as the singer and principal songwriter of the alternative rock band Radiohead. A multi-instrumentalist, Yorke mainly plays guitar and piano, but also plays instruments including keyboards, bass, and drums, and works extensively with synthesisers, sequencers and programming. He is known for his falsetto vocals; in 2008, "Rolling Stone" ranked him the 66th greatest singer of all time.  - Edward John "Ed" O'Brien (born 15 April 1968) is an English guitarist best known as a member of the alternative rock band Radiohead, with whom he has recorded nine studio albums. He makes extensive use of effects units to create atmospheric sounds and textures. In 2015, "Rolling Stone" named O'Brien the 59th greatest guitarist of all time.  - `` Bigger Than My Body '' is the first single released by John Mayer from his second album Heavier Things . As a B - side , the single contained a cover of Radiohead 's `` Kid A '' and an original song that was not included on Heavier Things , `` Tracing '' . The intro to the song was generated using an Adrenalinn effects processor developed by Roger Linn .  - Nigel Timothy Godrich (born 28 February 1971) is an English record producer, recording engineer and musician. He is best known for his work with the English rock band Radiohead, having produced their every studio album since "OK Computer" (1997); he has been dubbed the "sixth member" of the band, in an allusion to George Martin being called the "Fifth Beatle". Godrich has also worked extensively with Radiohead singer Thom Yorke on his solo material, and is a member of the bands Atoms for Peace (with Yorke) and Ultraísta. Other acts Godrich has worked with include Beck, Paul McCartney, U2 and R.E.M. He is the creator of the music webseries "From the Basement".  - Berklee College of Music, located in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, is the largest independent college of contemporary music in the world. Known for the study of jazz and modern American music, it also offers college-level courses in a wide range of contemporary and historic styles, including rock, flamenco, hip hop, reggae, salsa, and bluegrass. , Berklee alumni have been awarded a total of 266 Grammy Awards. Since 2012, Berklee College of Music has also operated a campus in Valencia, Spain.  - Aware Records is an American record label. The label has had success with a range of artists, including John Mayer, Train, Five for Fighting, Mat Kearney, and Guster.  - Bridgeport is the largest city in the U.S. state of Connecticut. Located in Fairfield County at the mouth of the Pequonnock River on Long Island Sound, the city had a population of 144,229 during the 2010 Census, making it also the 5th-most populous in New England. It is bordered by the towns of Trumbull to the north, Fairfield to the west, and Stratford to the east. The Greater Bridgeport area is the 48th-largest urban area in the United States and forms part of the Greater New York City Area.  - Stanley Donwood (born 29 October 1968) is the pen name of English artist and writer Dan Rickwood. He is best known for his work with the English alternative rock band Radiohead, having created all of their album and poster art since 1994, often in collaboration with Radiohead singer Thom Yorke. He also creates artwork for Yorke's solo albums and Yorke's band Atoms for Peace.  - Room for Squares is the debut studio album by American musician John Mayer. It was released through Aware Records and Columbia Records on June 5, 2001, the album peaked at number 9 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart. Upon its release, "Room for Squares" received generally positive reviews from most music critics and earned Mayer a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for the single "Your Body Is a Wonderland". It is his best-selling album to date, with sales of over 4,484,000 copies in the U.S. as of July 2014.  - "Your Body Is a Wonderland" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter John Mayer. It was released in October 2002 as the second single from his debut studio album, "Room for Squares" (2001). Its commercial success was greater than Mayer's prior single, "No Such Thing."  - Jonathan Richard Guy "Jonny" Greenwood (born 5 November 1971) is an English musician and composer best known as the lead guitarist and keyboardist of the alternative rock band Radiohead. A multi-instrumentalist, Greenwood also plays instruments including the bass guitar, piano, viola, and drums, and is a prominent player of the ondes Martenot, an early electronic instrument. He works with electronic techniques such as programming, sampling and looping, and writes music software used by Radiohead. He described his role in the band as an arranger, helping to transform singer Thom Yorke's demos into full songs. He has been named one of the greatest guitarists of all time by publications including the "NME," "Rolling Stone" and "Spin".  - Radiohead are an English rock band from Abingdon, Oxfordshire, formed in 1985. The band consists of Thom Yorke (lead vocals, guitar, piano, keyboards), Jonny Greenwood (lead guitar, keyboards, other instruments), Ed O'Brien (guitar, backing vocals), Colin Greenwood (bass), and Phil Selway (drums, percussion, backing vocals). They have worked with producer Nigel Godrich and cover artist Stanley Donwood since 1994.  - The Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance was awarded between 1966 and 2011 (the final year it was awarded for records issued in 2010). The award had several minor name changes:  - Colin Charles Greenwood (born 26 June 1969) is an English musician best known as the bassist for the alternative rock band Radiohead. He also plays keyboards and synthesisers and works on sampling on the electronic side of Radiohead. He is the older brother of Radiohead guitarist Jonny Greenwood.  - John Clayton Mayer (born October 16, 1977) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, and producer. He was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, and raised in nearby Fairfield. He attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, but disenrolled and moved to Atlanta in 1997 with Clay Cook. Together, they formed a short-lived two-man band called Lo-Fi Masters. After their split, Mayer continued to play local clubsrefining his skills and gaining a following. After his appearance at the 2001 South by Southwest Festival, he was signed to Aware Records, and then Columbia Records, which released his first EP, "Inside Wants Out". His following two full-length albums"Room for Squares" (2001) and "Heavier Things" (2003)did well commercially, achieving multi-platinum status. In 2003, he won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for the single "Your Body Is a Wonderland".  - Douglas "Clay" Cook (born April 20, 1978) is an American songwriter, producer and musician who co-wrote several songs with John Mayer including "No Such Thing", "Comfortable", "Man on the Side" and "Neon". Cook and Mayer's songwriting partnership was predominantly through Mayer's early career, as the songs he wrote with Mayer (with the exception of live releases) only appear on Mayer's first two releases, "Inside Wants Out" and "Room for Squares". Cook and Mayer formed the band Lo-Fi Masters prior to Mayer recording "Inside Wants Out". Cook is currently a member of the Zac Brown Band and was formerly a member of the Marshall Tucker Band and Y-O-U.  - Inside Wants Out is the debut EP by American musician John Mayer. Released by Mayer Music on September 24, 1999, the album was later re-released by Columbia Records on August 2, 2002 with the omission of "Neon 12:47 AM". The songs "Back to You", "No Such Thing", "My Stupid Mouth", and "Neon" were later re-recorded for Mayer's 2001 full-length debut album "Room for Squares".  - Roger Linn is an American industrial designer, mainly of electronic drum machines, and has recently branched out into guitar effects pedals. He is known for designing the first drum machine to use digital samples. His products have become underground hits, being used on many famous recordings. Besides being an accomplished guitarist and producer, Roger Linn is also a member of the Dead Presidents Society, a group of distinguished innovators in the field of electronic music.  - Heavier Things is the second studio album by American musician John Mayer, released September 9, 2003 on Columbia Records in the United States. The title of the album itself is a subtle response to certain criticism of Mayer's music.  - Oxford is a city in the South East region of England and the county town of Oxfordshire. With a population of 159,994 it is the 52nd largest city in the United Kingdom, and one of the fastest growing and most ethnically diverse. The city is situated from London, from Bristol, from both Southampton and Birmingham and from Reading.  - Columbia Records (also known simply as Columbia) is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment (SME), a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America, Inc., the United States division of Sony Corporation. It was founded in 1887, evolving from an earlier enterprise named the American Graphophone Company, the successor to the Volta Graphophone Company. Columbia is the oldest surviving brand name in the recorded sound business, being the second major record company to produce recorded records. Columbia Records went on to release records by an array of notable singers, instrumentalists, and bands. From 1961 to 1990, its recordings were released outside the U.S. and Canada by the CBS Records label (which was named after the Columbia Broadcasting System) to avoid confusion with the EMI label of the same name, before adopting the Columbia name internationally in 1990. It is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels alongside RCA Records and Epic Records.    'bigger than my body' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'record label'?  Choices: - album  - aware records  - beck  - clay  - columbia records  - digital  - emi  - english  - epic records  - festival  - island  - label  - pop  - rca  - record  - record label  - reggae  - release records  - united kingdom
A: