WASHINGTON (AP) — Some Americans will soon be able to buy a home with a down payment as low as 3 percent, compared with the current minimum of 5 percent, the mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac say. 
  
 The new lending guidelines announced by the companies Monday are designed to help more low-income and first-time buyers afford homes. Millions of Americans lost their savings or no longer had the income needed to set aside money for a home in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis and the Great Recession. That has held down the sales of houses and condominiums and slowed the economic recovery. 
  
 The guidelines are designed to prevent the kind of reckless lending that fueled a housing bubble and eventually triggered the recession. Borrowers must have enough income to repay loans on a monthly basis for homes that would be their main residence. This guideline would be intended to limit financial speculation. 
  
 "These underwriting guidelines provide a responsible approach to improving access to credit while ensuring safe and sound lending practices," Mel Watt, director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, said in a statement. The FHFA oversees Fannie and Freddie, which have been under government control since 2008 because of the housing bust. 
  
 Watt had announced in October that Fannie and Freddie had reached an agreement with major banks to expand lending. The FHFA declined Monday to say how many borrowers might benefit from having a 3 percent down payment. 
  
 The standard down payment for mortgages insured through Fannie and Freddie has been 20 percent. That would mean that a first-time buyer would need $41,600 in cash to purchase a median-priced home of $208,300, according to the National Association of Realtors. Just 29 percent of home purchases in October went to first-time buyers, compared with a historic average of 40 percent, the Realtors reported. 
  
 The new loans would be fixed-rate mortgages of up to 30 years for primary residences, though some policies vary between the companies. 
  
 Fannie could begin underwriting the loans before the end of the year. It said the loans would be geared toward first-time buyers, require mortgage insurance payments because of the low down payment and mandate that buyers receive complete a financial counseling program. 
  
 Freddie intends to begin offering its mortgages as early as March 2015, saying it would be an option for low- and moderate-income borrowers. It requires that borrowers earn less than an area's median income, in addition to paying insurance and receiving counseling. Monthly payments could not exceed 43 percent of the borrower's income. 
  
 Fannie and Freddie own or guarantee about half of all U.S. mortgages, worth about $5 trillion. Along with other federal agencies, they back roughly 90 percent of new mortgages. 
  
 The two companies don't directly make loans to borrowers. They buy mortgages from lenders, package them as securities, guarantee them against default and sell them to investors. That helps make loans available. 
  
 The government took over Fannie and Freddie in September 2008, after a market meltdown compounded the losses caused by risky mortgages and threatened to shut down the entire housing sector. Combined, the firms received taxpayer aid totaling $187 billion, which has since been repaid as they have returned to profitability. ||||| Fannie Mae’s new My Community Mortgage program begins this week and is open only to first-time buyers with a minimum credit score of 620. Borrowers with Fannie-backed mortgages will be eligible to refinance with a limited amount of money that can be taken out. 
  
 Freddie Mac’s new Home Possible Advantage mortgages, which begin in March, will be available to both first-time and other qualified borrowers. In most cases, credit scores will be just one of several factors in determining a home buyer’s eligibility, a spokesman said. Refinancing, though with no cash-out, also will be available. 
  
 The programs are the latest efforts to promote homeownership after the collapse of the housing bubble, in hopes of reviving a housing industry that is still plagued by excessive foreclosures and struggling to overcome millions of owners still trapped in underwater mortgages. 
  
 Today, first-time home buyers — who are generally younger — account for just 29 percent of home sales, far below the historical rate of 40 percent, according to the National Association of Realtors. In the third quarter of this year, the Census Bureau reported recently, the nation’s seasonally adjusted homeownership rate was 64.3 percent, the lowest level in two decades. 
  
 Photo 
  
 The government’s move was applauded by the mortgage insurance industry, which expects a business increase from the new programs, and advocates for low-income families. 
  
 “We wouldn’t be putting borrowers in these loans if we were worried about their performance through stressful times,” said Rohit Gupta, chief executive of Genworth’s United States Mortgage Insurance Business and co-chairman of the U.S. Mortgage Insurers, a trade association. 
  
 The Urban Institute, a nonprofit research organization that generally supports social programs, concluded: “Those who have criticized low-down-payment lending as excessively risky should know that if the past is a guide, only a narrow group of borrowers will receive these loans, and the overall impact on default rates is likely to be negligible.” 
  
 Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters. 
  
 Housing officials declined to estimate just how many people might take advantage of these new loans, but even supporters question the magnitude of the new programs. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Guy D. Cecala, chief executive and publisher of the newsletter Inside Mortgage Finance, estimated the effect would be modest, noting that first-time buyers who qualified for similar low down payment loans accounted for only 3 percent of Fannie-backed mortgages in 2013. 
  
 “It’s another tool in helping the housing market, but not a huge one,” Mr. Cecala said. 
  
 Since the borrowers must still be credit worthy, he explained, “this is not pushing the envelope.” 
  
 Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago, also expressed doubt that this latest initiative would lure many new buyers, saying that the lack of demand and tight mortgage standards have been bigger hurdles than the size of the down payment. 
  
 Mark A. Calabria, an economist at the libertarian Cato Institute, was not as sanguine about the financial stability of the targeted borrowers. Given closing costs, he said, “You’re essentially underwater when you walk away from the table.” 
  
 “That is not a situation we should be trying to get people in,” he said. 
  
 To Andres Carbacho-Burgos, a senior economist at Moody’s Analytics, however, the danger of mortgage defaults generally comes from lax monitoring, not lower down payment requirements. 
  
 While sharing the view that the effect would be limited, Mr. Carbacho-Burgos said the program was nonetheless worth pursuing. “Anything that can be done to restart the first-time home buyer market is a good thing,” he said. ||||| In an effort to open up lending to more low-income and first time home buyers, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced Monday that they will start backing mortgages with down payments of as little as 3% of the home's price. 
  
 But borrowers will still need to meet strict criteria first, the two government-backed mortgage giants said. 
  
 The new loans will only be doled out to those who buy private mortgage insurance, have a credit score of at least 620 and offer complete documentation of their income, assets and job status. And, to further mitigate risk, the agencies will require borrowers to receive home ownership counseling. 
  
 Both programs are for fixed-rate loans given to first time homebuyers and those seeking to refinance. Fannie will start backing the loans as soon as December 13, while Freddie will start offering them March 23. 
  
 Related: 10 hottest housing markets for 2015 
  
 The move should expand access to credit for first-time homebuyers, typically younger buyers who have not have had enough time to save a big lump sum. 
  
 Fannie and Freddie already back mortgages with as low as 5% down. And the Federal Housing Administration insures 3.5% loans. 
  
 Still, according to Mark Palim, who directs economic and strategic research at Fannie Mae, it's a welcome expansion of credit. 
  
 "It's not a radical departure from what we're doing now, but anything at the margins helps," he said. 
  
 The 3% loans from Fannie and Freddie should also offer some advantages over the 3.5% down loans offered by FHA, according to Palim. 
  
 For example, the FHA loans require borrowers to pay for private mortgage insurance premiums for the entire term of the mortgage -- typically 30 years. That means adding an extra 1.35 percentage points to monthly mortgage rates. A loan carrying a 4% rate, for example, becomes a 5.35% mortgage. 
  
 Related Best cities for Millennial home buyers 
  
 In dollars, that's about an extra $80 a month for every $100,000 borrowed or $960 a year. That adds up to nearly $30,000 over the life of the loan. 
  
 Under Fannie and Freddie's programs, borrowers are permitted to cancel their private mortgage insurance premiums once the mortgage balance drops below 80% of the home's value -- either because they've made enough payments or the home's value has risen. 
  
 If home prices increase 5% a year for three or four years, for example, these borrowers may be able to cancel their insurance and save them tens of thousands of dollars over the next 26 or 27 years. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?