Summarize this article:

NIGHTMARES 
  
 A mother was charged with murder after her baby accidentally died while sleeping on his stomach. 
  
 After a jarring return to work and some prodding from our famously eager pediatrician, my husband and I have started “cry-it-out” with our 4-month-old son—a brutal, if necessary, method where exhausted parents train their babies to sleep by ignoring their cries. Last night, after our baby cried, then quieted himself several times during a 10-hour stretch, I went to fetch him for a morning feed and felt my throat fall into my stomach. 
  
 My baby had wiggled during the night and the fancy swaddle I used to wrap his arms tightly at 7 p.m. was now resting around his neck. My mind flashed with the threat I know loose bedding to be: suffocation, strangulation, death. His eyes peeked out at me through his nearly covered face. 
  
 Five years ago, in the middle of another sleepless stretch with my first son, my parenting fail was by choice. I looked at my 2-month-old baby, strong enough to bust himself loose out of my swaddles yet still unable to control the tremors in his hands or the reflex that made him feel like he was falling all the time. And so, I decided to join the number of parents who hide a dark secret: I turned my baby on his belly and let him sleep, which he did, for hours longer than he ever had before. 
  
 I revisited these and dozens of other errors I’ve made as a parent this morning—because around the same time I was imagining what might have happened had I not picked up my new baby when I did, The Washington Post reported another mother in Virginia had been charged with murder and child neglect for a mistake that led to the death of her son, Jahari. 
  
 Candice Semidey, 25-years-old at the time, was a new mother to a 4-month-old. She fed him, swaddled him, then lay him belly-down on a makeshift bed she fashioned out of a chair cushion and a blanket, according to the Prince William County Police public information officer, Sergeant Jonathan Perok. Semidey went to sleep, but when she woke up, her baby was dead. And according to the Prince William County prosecutor, placing Jahari on his stomach to sleep this way was so negligent it was murder. 
  
 Jahari’s death was unintentional, Perok told The Daily Beast. His mother wasn’t under the influence of any drugs or alcohol. Nothing else about her home concerned police or made them think the baby had otherwise been neglected, Perok said. 
  
 “These actions, however unintentional, were still deemed neglectful in accordance with the code section for felony murder which states, ‘The killing of one accidentally, contrary to the intention of the parties, while in the prosecution of some felonious act,’” Perok wrote in an email. “The underlying felonious act in this case was the felony child neglect.” 
  
 In the criminal complaint, the lead detective wrote that Semidey had acted in a manner “that was so gross, wanton, and culpable” that it showed “a reckless disregard for human life.” The charging documents noted that she had received proper guidance on how to put her son to sleep after his birth. 
  
 Semidey pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and child neglect in July of 2015, and was given a suspended sentence of five years. She’ll stay out of prison if she completes a three-year supervised probation. 
  
 Most parents used to put their babies to sleep on their tummies until the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) began telling them to put their infants to sleep on their backs. In 1994, the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development began the “Back to Sleep” campaign, a federally funded push to stem fatalities from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS). As a result, unexplained sleep deaths in the U.S. have fallen drastically—by more than 50 percent. Still, around 3,500 infants die unexpectedly while sleeping, from SIDS or accidental suffocation. 
  
 But lots of parents still eschew doctors’ advice in exchange for a good night’s sleep. In 1992, about 70 percent of babies slept on their stomachs, according to the National Infant Sleep Position Study. In 2010, that number fell to 13.5 percent. For African-American mothers like Semidey, the rate of stomach sleeping rises to 27.6 percent. 
  
 Is this a crime? Clearly it is in Prince William County. 
  
 Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily Digest Start and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat Sheet A speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking "Subscribe," you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason 
  
 But to charge a grieving mother for murder, for making a mistake that millions of other mothers make every night, seems like a terrifying overreach. And Sergeant Perok told me the charge against Semidey wasn’t exceptional. “We in Prince William County don’t charge it often, but it’s not unusual,” he said. 
  
 The most recent example I could find of a similar charge was in 2010, when a woman was charged with child neglect over the drowning death of her 9-month-old daughter. Julia Sumo had left her daughter in the tub to investigate a burning smell coming from the kitchen. When she returned, her daughter was dead. Sumo was “beside herself with grief” over her “grave mistake,” according to her husband, but the judge said “some recognition has to be given to the fact that a life was lost,” and imposed 60 days of jail time. 
  
 Mothers are expected to be hyper-vigilant at all times, and for good reason: Tiny, vulnerable people depend on us. But every single one of us, even the best mother, has her stories. Every mother has felt the lump in her chest that comes with seeing her baby caught in blankets or finding a toddler who slipped away during the one moment she took her eye away in the supermarket. Every mother has had a moment when she realizes how close she has come to tragedy and feels relief that, this time, her baby is safe. ||||| UPDATE: According to court records, the charge of involuntary manslaughter against Adam Alexander was dismissed, and he was tried and found not guilty on the charge of child neglect. 
  
 The mother of one Northern Virginia baby and the parents of another have been charged in their children’s deaths, Prince William County police said Monday. 
  
 The two infants, 4-month-old Jahari Jones and 9-month-old Avarice Alexander, died in 2014. But police and prosecutors did not decide to charge the adults with killing them until this year. 
  
 The charges in those two cases, which have not been previously reported, bring the number of homicide cases in Prince William in 2015 to 11, five more than in 2014. 
  
 The two babies are among the youngest victims of alleged homicide across the Washington region. Of the 287 homicides that The Washington Post has tracked in its database of killings in the area this year, authorities say six other victims are younger than 10 years old. 
  
 [The Post’s map of D.C.-area homicides] 
  
 Jahari’s mother, Candice Christa Semidey, fed him and wrapped him in a blanket on Nov. 8, 2014, according to information provided by police spokesman Jonathan Perok on Monday in response to an inquiry by The Post. Then Semidey put Jahari down face first for a nap on a makeshift bed that she had fashioned from a chair cushion and a blanket, Perok said. She went to sleep, as well. 
  
 Unable to move and lying with his face toward the blanket, the baby suffocated. Semidey woke up and found she could not stir him. First-responders pronounced him dead at home, on the 16400 block of Kramer Estate Drive in Woodbridge. 
  
 Perok said Semidey, 25, did not mean to kill her child. But prosecutors concluded that the way she treated Jahari was so negligent as to be considered felony child neglect, and they charged her with felony murder — a charge for a death that occurs while a person is committing a felony, in this case the child neglect. 
  
 She was arrested Jan. 19. According to court records, she pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and child neglect and was sentenced to a suspended prison term of five years, which she will not serve if she completes three years of probation. 
  
 Avarice died a month earlier, on Oct. 5, 2014. Police said her parents, Adam Jerell Vince Alexander and Jasmyne Alexandria Alexander, had put her in her crib the night before and had not checked on her for 16 hours. 
  
 The parents, both 21, had not taken Avarice to a doctor for seven months, even when they noticed she was having difficulty breathing four weeks before her death, investigators said. Instead, the parents first called for help when they found the girl unresponsive in her crib. She also was pronounced dead at home, on the 10200 block of Aqua View Court in Nokesville. 
  
 The Alexanders were charged with felony child neglect four days after their daughter’s death. In September, prosecutors indicted them on a count of manslaughter by negligence. 
  
 Court records show that Jasmyne Alexander was eventually tried on the less serious charge of child neglect and found not guilty this month. Adam Alexander is scheduled to go to trial on the charges of involuntary manslaughter and child neglect Jan. 26. ||||| Page Content 
  
 You can reduce your baby’s risk of SIDS and other sleep-related causes of infant death in the following ways. 
  
 Printable versions of this safe sleep environment information are available below: 
  
 *Visit the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission website for more information about crib safety: http://www.cpsc.gov/en/Safety-Education/Safety-Guides/Kids-and-Babies/Cribs/. ||||| "In some cases it's found to be neglect. In other cases, it's a situation where those parents are facing this tragic situation after losing their baby and then, compounding that, they face charges in something they have nothing to do with," said Blake, First Candle's CEO. "It was tragedy on top of tragedy. And there was nothing they could have done differently." |||||