Please answer the following question: Information:  - `` Talkin ' bout My Baby '' ( or `` Talking ' bout My Baby '' ) is a song by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim , released in 2002 as a single from his third studio album Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars . The 12 `` single released for the song contained a remix of '' Drop the Hate `` as its b - side . Upon its release , it peaked at No. 92 on the UK Singles Chart . The vocal samples are taken from the Wet Willie recording '' Macon Hambone Blues `` . The piano part is based on Erik Satie 's Gymnopédies .  - Groove Armada are an English electronic music duo, composed of Andy Cato and Tom Findlay. They achieved chart success with their singles "I See You Baby" and "Superstylin'". The group has released eight studio albums, four of which have charted in the UK Albums Chart top 50.  - Breakbeat as a term refers to one of two distinct things. Originally it would have referred only to "A breakbeat" (1), a section of a song in which, typically, all or at least most of the instruments stop for a period, usually around one bar, except for the drums, which would continue the melody even if altered. Since the rise of electronic music it can now also refer to the electronic music genre "Breakbeat" (2), characterized as a genre of groove-oriented music which utilizes a lo-fi sampled breakbeat (or combination of breakbeats) for the main drum beat, and usually incorporates other lo-fi sampled "hits" as well.  - Lee Potter (born 4 January 1972), known by his stage name Cut La Roc, is a British electronic musician, considered as a pioneer of big beat, a genre fusing elements of  hip hop, house and rock  - Basement Jaxx are an English electronic music duo consisting of Felix Buxton and Simon Ratcliffe. The pair got their name from the regular night club they held in their hometown of Brixton, London, UK. They first rose to popularity in the mid 1990s. As the "British Hit Singles & Albums" book duly noted "they surfaced from the underground house scene, are regular transatlantic club chart-toppers and won the BRIT Award for Best Dance Act in 2002 and 2004".  - Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars is the third studio album by British big beat musician Fatboy Slim. It was released on 6 November 2000 through Skint Records. It features Macy Gray, Ashley Slater, Bootsy Collins, Roland Clark, Jim Morrison, and Roger Sanchez as guest contributors. The album's title, mentioned in the single "Weapon of Choice" is an allusion to the Oscar Wilde quote "We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars".  - "Drop the Hate" is a song by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim. It was released as a 12" vinyl single on 10 December 2001 from his third studio album, "Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars". The single peaked at No. 101 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was released in December 2001, like his previous single, "Song for Shelter (Remix)". A remix of the song appears as a B-side to "Talkin' Bout My Baby".  - Propellerheads were a British big beat musical ensemble, formed in 1995 and made up of electronic producers Will White and Alex Gifford. The term "propellerhead" is slang for a nerd, and when Gifford and White heard a friend from California use this in a conversation, they thought it would be the perfect name for their band.  - Wet Willie is an American band from Mobile, Alabama, U.S. They are best known for their hit "Keep On Smilin'," reaching #10 on the Billboard Chart in August 1974, but had a number of charted songs in the 1970s utilizing their soulful brand of Southern rock.  - Roland Clark is a house music DJ, producer, songwriter and vocalist. In the past, he has used the aliases Jesus Jackson, Digital Pimps, Dark Clark, South Street Player, and is also founding member of the dance music project Urban Soul. He learned how to write songs from his childhood mentor Calvin Gaines.  - The Official Charts Company (previously known as the Chart Information Network (CIN) The Official UK Charts Company and also referred to Official Charts) is a British inter-professional organisation that compiles various "official" record charts in the United Kingdom, including the UK Singles Chart, the UK Albums Chart, the UK Singles Downloads Chart and the UK Album Downloads Chart, as well as genre-specific and music video charts. The OCC produces its charts by gathering and combining sales data from retailers through market researchers Millward Brown, and claims to cover 99% of the singles market and 95% of the album market, and aims to collect data from any retailer who sells more than 100 chart items per week.  - The UK Singles Chart (currently entitled Official Singles Chart) is compiled by the Official Charts Company (OCC), on behalf of the British record industry, listing the top-selling singles in the United Kingdom, based upon physical sales, paid-for downloads and streaming. To be eligible for the chart, a single is currently defined by the Official Charts Company (OCC) as either a 'single bundle' having no more than four tracks and not lasting longer than 25 minutes or one digital audio track not longer than 15 minutes with a minimum sale price of 40 pence. The rules have changed many times as technology has developed, the most notable being the inclusion of digital downloads in 2005 and streaming in 2014.  - Macy Gray (born Natalie Renée McIntyre; September 6, 1967) is an American R&B, jazz and soul singer, songwriter, musician, record producer, and actress, known for her distinctive raspy voice, and a singing style heavily influenced by Billie Holiday.  - The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe. Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, it includes the island of Great Britain (the name of which is also loosely applied to the whole country), the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of , the UK is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe. It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants. Together, this makes it the fourth most densely populated country in the European Union.  - The Crystal Method is an American electronic music and keyboardist duo formed in Las Vegas, Nevada by Ken Jordan and Scott Kirkland in the early 1990s. The Crystal Method's music has appeared in numerous TV shows, films, video games, and advertisements. Their album "Vegas", was certified platinum in 2007.  - The Prodigy are an English electronic music group from Braintree, Essex, formed by Liam Howlett in 1990. The members were originally Liam Howlett (keyboardist and composer), Keith Flint (dancer and vocalist), Maxim (MC and vocalist), Leeroy Thornhill (dancer and occasional live keyboardist), and a female dancer and vocalist called Sharky, however, both Leeroy and Sharky left the band for different reasons.  - Southern rock is a subgenre of rock music and a genre of Americana. It developed in the Southern United States from rock and roll, country music, and blues, and is focused generally on electric guitar and vocals. Although the origin of the term Southern rock is unknown, "many people feel that these important contributors to the development of rock and roll have been minimized in rock's history."  - Big beat is an electronic music genre that usually uses heavy breakbeats and synthesizer-generated loops and patterns - common to acid house. The term has been used since the mid-1990s by the British music press to describe music by artists such as The Prodigy, The Chemical Brothers, Fatboy Slim, The Crystal Method, Propellerheads, Cut La Roc, Basement Jaxx and Groove Armada.  - Acid house is a subgenre of house music developed around the mid-1980s by DJs from Chicago. The style was defined primarily by the deep basslines and "squelching" sounds of the Roland TB-303 electronic synthesizer-sequencer. Acid house spread to the United Kingdom and continental Europe, where it was played by DJs in the acid house and later rave scenes. By the late 1980s, acid house had moved into the British mainstream, where it had some influence on pop and dance styles.  - James Douglas "Jim" Morrison (December 8, 1943  July 3, 1971) was an American singer, songwriter, and poet, best remembered as the lead singer of The Doors. Due to his lyrics, wild personality, performances, and the dramatic circumstances surrounding his life and death, Morrison is regarded by critics and fans as one of the most iconic and influential frontmen in rock music history.  - The Chemical Brothers are an English electronic music duo composed of Tom Rowlands and Ed Simons, originating in Manchester in 1989. Along with The Prodigy, Fatboy Slim, The Crystal Method, and fellow acts, they were pioneers at bringing the big beat genre to the forefront of pop culture. In the UK, they have had six number one albums and 13 top 20 singles, including two number ones.  - Skint Records is a Brighton based dance music record label owned by JC Reid, Tim Jeffery and Damian Harris. It was created as a sublabel of Loaded Records, also founded by Reid and Jeffery. Along with Wall of Sound, the label was a leader in the big beat music scene of the mid to late 1990s.     Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'record label' with the subject 'talkin' bout my baby'.  Choices: - album  - big beat  - country music  - digital  - digital audio  - english  - european union  - island  - melody  - record  - rock music  - skint records  - studio album  - uk singles chart  - united kingdom  - wall of sound
Answer: