Summarize this article:

DEERFIELD, Va. (WJLA/ABC News/AP) -- A Massachusetts Air National Guard F-15C jet crashed Wednesday along a mountainside in the George Washington National Forest of western Virginia, authorities said, but the fate of the pilot was unknown. 
  
 Continue reading 
  
 Military news conference on F-15 crash F-15 jet crashes in Virginia mountains NewsChopper 7 photo of F-15 crash site. Smoke from along the mountainside after the F-15 crashed. (Photo: ABC/WHSV) A Mass. Air Guard F-15 jet similar to the one that crashed. (Photo: 104th Fighter Wing) 
  
 The crash occurred shortly after 9 a.m. west of Staunton in the rural community of Deerfield in Augusta County (about 135 miles northwest of Richmond). The area around Deerfield is filled with rocky, steep terrain. 
  
 Residents who live in the town of 130 people were shaken when they heard a series of explosions-like booms and then saw a pillar of heavy, black smoke coming from the crash site. 
  
 "It's the loudest noise I've ever heard," said 63-year-old Rebecca Shinaberry, who lives on a farm about two miles away. "(It) just shook the ground, and from my house we could just see a big plume of smoke." 
  
 Turkey farmer A.D. Shinaberry said that from the first two booms, he thought a plane had broken the sound barrier. But 10 seconds later he heard a third boom - the crash, he said. 
  
 Then, "it was like a mushroom, black smoke came up," Shinaberry said. 
  
 No injuries on the ground were reported. Virginia State Police launched a helicopter to search for the pilot, who may have ejected from the plane before impact. Witnesses reportedly saw an ejection chute. 
  
 "We are hopeful that the pilot is OK, and the pilot will be in our thoughts and prayers," said Col. James Keefe, commander of the Massachusetts Air National Guard. 
  
 State troopers and firefighters followed the smoke from Deerfield about five miles into the forest, where they found a deep crater and a large debris field among the hills and mountains. 
  
 Rescuers initially expressed concern about possible toxic fumes and radioactive materials, but Keefe said the plane had no munitions aboard - just fuel. 
  
 Guard officials confirmed to ABC7 News that communication with the jet had been lost prior to the crash; the pilot reported an "in-flight emergency" moments before radio contact ceased. 
  
 The plane was traveling at a high altitude, about 30,000 to 40,000 feet, when the "extremely experienced" pilot reported encountering a problem, officials said. 
  
 The jet was on a maintenance flight from Barnes Air National Guard Base in Massachusetts. which is home to the 104th Fighter Wing. 
  
 Base officials told ABC7 the crashed jet was an older aircraft due to receive a system upgrade upon arrival at its flight destination in New Orleans, Louisiana. 
  
 F-15s are maneuverable tactical fighters that can reach speeds up to 1,875 mph, according to the U.S. Air Force website. The F-15C Eagle entered the Air Force inventory in 1979 and costs nearly $30 million, the website says. The Air Force has nearly 250 of them. 
  
 A Massachusetts Guard spokesman said he "couldn't even remember the last time they had a mishap" with the F-15C model aircraft. 
  
 But the Associated Press reported that several F-15s have crashed over the past few years in various states. In at least one, the pilot ejected safely. Causes included failure of a support structure for the jet and pilot error. ||||| DEERFIELD, Va. (AP) — An Air Force jet based in Massachusetts crashed in the mountains of western Virginia on Wednesday, shaking the ground and frightening residents, and officials said the pilot's status was unknown. 
  
 No injuries were reported on the ground, but authorities were still trying to reach the crash site — located through its heavy smoke coming from a mountainside — on Wednesday. 
  
 The pilot of the single-seat F-15C was with the 104th Fighter Wing of the Massachusetts Air National Guard in Westfield, spokesman Maj. Matthew Mutti said. 
  
 The jet was on a standard training exercise with no munition onboard, Mutti said. He didn't say where it was headed or release the pilot's name. 
  
 Military officials in Washington told local authorities in Augusta County that they had lost communication with a jet, according to Augusta County dispatcher Becky Coynter. She said witnesses reported an explosion-like noise just before 9 a.m. 
  
 "It's the loudest noise I've ever heard," 63-year-old Rebecca Shinaberry, who lives on a farm about two miles away, told The Associated Press. "(It) just shook the ground, and from my house we could just see a big plume of smoke." 
  
 Deerfield is about 135 miles northwest of Richmond. 
  
 F-15s are maneuverable tactical fighters that can reach speeds up to 1,875 mph, according to the Air Force website. The F-15C Eagle entered the Air Force inventory in 1979 and costs nearly $30 million, the website says. ||||| Authorities still don't know the whereabouts of the pilot of a single-seat F-15C fighter jet that crashed into the side of a mountain near Deerfield, Virginia Wednesday morning. 
  
  
  
 Officials say the pilot reported an in-flight emergency around 9:00 Wednesday morning, then lost radio contact. According to a statement by the Virginia National Guard, "The pilot flying the F-15C made a report of an in-flight emergency prior to radio contact being lost. Subsequently there were reports of dark smoke being seen around the aircraft's last known whereabouts. Local law enforcement arrived on scene and confirmed the aircraft crashed." 
  
 At this point there is still no word on the whereabouts or the condition of the pilot. 
  
  
  
 Col. James Keefe of the 104th Fighter Wing of the Massachusetts Air National Guard said at a news conference in Westfield, Massachusetts, that the missing pilot is an experienced flyer. He said the jet was on its way to New Orleans to have a radar installed as part of routine maintenance. 
  
  
  
 "Information on this incident is developing rapidly, and we are not going to speculate on what occurred or the status of the pilot," Col James Keefe, 104th Fighter Wing Commander, said in a statement. "We are hopeful that the pilot is OK, and the pilot will be in our thoughts and prayers." 
  
  
  
 No injuries were reported on the ground as authorities located the crash site through heavy smoke on a mountainside. The crash is in a rural part of the county near Deerfield, which is a small community west of Staunton and just miles from the West Virginia state line. The crash happened in the middle of the George Washington Forest. We're told the debris is spread out across a field up near the highest mountain peak in Augusta County, which is making the investigation much more complicated. 
  
 Corinne Geller with Virginia State Police said, "The wreckage site is a large debris field. It's up against Elliott's Knob, and it's in kind of a flattened area along the knob there, heavily wooded and at this time we have a lot of resources deployed in the search and rescue efforts." 
  
 A helicopter, hazmat crews and emergency responders are on the scene. Virginia State Police and the Augusta County Sheriff's Office blocked off the road near the scene and set up a command center. Crews are searching about a 20-mile radius. 
  
 Crews had to treat it as a hazmat situation because of the jet fuel. Officials say the cleanup is not going to be a quick process because of toxic chemicals. 
  
 The Massachusetts Air National Guard says there were no weapons or any sort of ammunition on board the plane. According to the Air Force website, F-15s are maneuverable tactical fighters that can reach speeds of up to 1,875 mph. The F-15C Eagle entered the Air Force inventory in 1979 and costs nearly $30 million, the website says. The Air Force has nearly 250 of them. 
  
  
  
 The Associated Press contributed to this article. 
  
 At 9:06 a.m. Wednesday (Aug. 27, 2014), Virginia State Police were notified of a plane crash in the Deerfield community of Augusta County. A crash site has been visually located due to heavy smoke coming from the side of a nearby mountain. State police, with the assistance of the Augusta County Sheriff's Office, are working to reach the crash site at this time. 
  
  
  
 There have been no reported injuries on the ground – meaning no local residents have been injured as a result of the crash. 
  
  
  
 VSP is not confirming the type of aircraft until crews reach the wreckage. 
  
 Press Release Barnes Air National Guard Base 
  
 104th Fighter Wing - Public Affairs Office 
  
 175 Falcon Drive, Westfield, MA 01085 
  
  
  
 MEDIA ALERT 
  
  
  
 104th Fighter Wing Aircraft Crash Over Shenandoah Valley Virginia 
  
  
  
 (BARNES AIR NATIONAL GUARD BASE, 104TH FIGHTER WING , Westfield, Mass., August 27, 2014)- At approximately 9:05 a.m. today the 104th Fighter Wing lost radio contact with an F-15C aircraft during a cross country mission over the Shenandoah Valley Virginia. 
  
  
  
 The pilot flying the F-15C made a report of an inflight emergency prior to radio contact being lost. Subsequently there were reports of dark smoke being seen around the aircrafts last known whereabouts. Local law enforcement arrived on scene and confirmed the aircraft crashed. 
  
  
  
 "Information on this incident is developing rapidly and we are not going to speculate on what occurred or the status of the pilot", said Col James Keefe, 104th Fighter Wing Commander. "We are hopeful that the pilot is ok, and the pilot will be in our thoughts and prayers as the events of this incident unfold." 
  
  
  
 The F-15C aircraft was in route to receive a system upgrade, and there were no munitions on the aircraft during this cross-country trip. 
  
  
  
 At this point the status of the pilot is not confirmed. 
  
  
  
 An initial press conference is tentatively scheduled for 2:00 p.m. at the 104th Fighter Wing. More information will be released once available. 
  
  
  
 Mr. Cotton Puryear 
  
 Va. Army National Guard (Retired) 
  
 State Public Affairs Officer 
  
 Virginia National Guard |||||