Please answer the following question: Information:  - Film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe stylish Hollywood crime dramas, particularly such that emphasize cynical attitudes and sexual motivations. Hollywood's classical film noir period is generally regarded as extending from the early 1940s to the late 1950s. Film noir of this era is associated with a low-key black-and-white visual style that has roots in German Expressionist cinematography. Many of the prototypical stories and much of the attitude of classic noir derive from the hardboiled school of crime fiction that emerged in the United States during the Great Depression.  - Alan Walbridge Ladd (September 3, 1913  January 29, 1964) was an American actor and film and television producer. Ladd found success in film the 1940s and early 1950s, particularly in Westerns such as "Shane" (1953) and film noirs where he was often paired with Veronica Lake, such as "This Gun for Hire" (1942), "The Glass Key" (1942) and "The Blue Dahlia" (1946). Other notable credits include "Two Years Before the Mast" (1946), "Whispering Smith" (1949) and "The Great Gatsby" (1949). His popularity diminished in the late 1950s, though he continued to appear in popular films until his accidental death due to a lethal combination of alcohol, a barbiturate, and two tranquilizers.  - John Herrick McIntire (June 27, 1907  January 30, 1991) was an American character actor who appeared in sixty-five theatrical films and many more television series. McIntire is best known for replacing Ward Bond, upon Bond's sudden death, as the star of NBC-TV's "Wagon Train". He played Christopher Hale, the leader of the wagon train (and successor to Bond's character, Seth Adams) from early 1961 to the series' end in 1965. He also replaced Charles Bickford, upon Bickford's death in 1967, as ranch owner Clay Grainger (brother of Bickford's character) on NBC-TV's "The Virginian" for four seasons.  - The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922. The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan. Considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus, "The Great Gatsby" explores themes of decadence, idealism, resistance to change, social upheaval, and excess, creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream.  - A screenplay writer, screenwriter for short, scriptwriter or scenarist is a writer who practices the craft of screenwriting, writing screenplays on which mass media such as films, television programs, comics or video games are based.  - The Asphalt Jungle is a 1950 film noir and heist film directed by John Huston. Based on the 1949 novel of the same name by W. R. Burnett, it tells the story of a jewel robbery in a Midwestern city. The film stars Sterling Hayden, Louis Calhern, Jean Hagen, James Whitmore, Sam Jaffe, and John McIntire, and also features Marilyn Monroe in one of her earliest roles.  - Springfield is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Clark County. The municipality is located in southwestern Ohio and is situated on the Mad River, Buck Creek and Beaver Creek, approximately west of Columbus and northeast of Dayton. Springfield is home to Wittenberg University, a liberal arts college.  - Sterling Walter Hayden (born Sterling Relyea Walter; March 26, 1916  May 23, 1986) was an American actor and author. For most of his career as a leading man, he specialized in westerns and film noir, such as "Johnny Guitar", "The Asphalt Jungle", and "The Killing". Later on he became noted for appearing in supporting roles such as Gen. Jack D. Ripper in "Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb" (1964). He also played the Irish American policeman, Captain McCluskey, in Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather" in 1972, and the novelist Roger Wade in 1973's "The Long Goodbye". He played the role of Leo Dalcò in Bernardo Bertolucci's "1900" in 1976. At 6 feet 5 inches (1.96 m), he towered over most other actors.  - Two Years Before the Mast is a memoir by the American author Richard Henry Dana Jr., published in 1840, having been written after a two-year sea voyage from Boston to California on a merchant ship starting in 1834. A film adaptation under the same name was released in 1946.  - Jean Hagen (August 3, 1923  August 29, 1977) was an American actress best known for her role as Lina Lamont in "Singin' in the Rain" (1952), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Hagen was also nominated three times for an Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for her role as Margaret Williams on the television series "Make Room For Daddy".  - William Riley "W. R." Burnett (November 25, 1899 April 25, 1982) was an American novelist and screenwriter. He is best known for the crime novel "Little Caesar", the film adaptation of which is considered the first of the classic American gangster movies. Burnett was born in Springfield, Ohio. He left his civil service job there to move to Chicago when he was 28, by which time he had written over 100 short stories and five novels, all unpublished.  - Veronica Lake (born Constance Frances Marie Ockelman; November 14, 1922  July 7, 1973) was an American film, stage, and television actress. Lake won both popular and critical acclaim, most notably for her role in "Sullivan's Travels" and for her femme fatale roles in film noirs with Alan Ladd, during the 1940s. She was also well known for her peek-a-boo hairstyle. Lake's career had begun to decline by the late 1940s, in part due to her alcoholism. She made only one film in the 1950s but appeared in several guest-starring roles on television. She returned to the screen in 1966 with a role in the film "Footsteps In the Snow", but the role failed to revitalize her career.  - Marilyn Monroe (born Norma Jeane Mortenson; June 1, 1926  August 5, 1962) was an American actress and model. Famous for playing comic "dumb blonde" characters, she became one of the most popular sex symbols of the 1950s, emblematic of the era's attitudes towards sexuality. Although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade, her films grossed $200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962. She continues to be considered a major popular culture icon.  - The Blue Dahlia is a 1946 film noir, directed by George Marshall based on an original screenplay by Raymond Chandler. The film marks the third pairing of stars Alan Ladd and Veronica Lake. It was Chandler's first original screenplay. Plot. Three discharged United States Navy officers, Johnny Morrison, Buzz Wanchek and George Copeland, arrive in Hollywood, California. All three flew together in the same flight crew in the South Pacific. Buzz has a shell shock and a metal plate in his head above his ear.  - The Badlanders ( 1958 ) is a western caper film directed by Delmer Daves and starring Alan Ladd and Ernest Borgnine . Based on the 1949 novel The Asphalt Jungle by W. R. Burnett , the story was given an 1898 setting by screenwriter Richard Collins . It is the second film adaptation of the novel following 1950 's The Asphalt Jungle .  - Whispering Smith (1948) is a Western film starring Alan Ladd as a railroad detective assigned to stop a gang of train robbers. The supporting cast includes Robert Preston and Brenda Marshall.  - James Allen Whitmore Jr. (October 1, 1921  February 6, 2009) was an American film, theatre and television actor. During his extensive career, Whitmore won a Tony, Grammy, Golden Globe and an Emmy, and was nominated for two Academy Awards. He is one of only twenty performers to win three of the four EGOT honors.  - Sam Jaffe (March 10, 1891  March 24, 1984) was an American actor, teacher, musician, and engineer. In 1951, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in "The Asphalt Jungle" (1950) and appeared in other classic films such as "Ben-Hur" (1959) and "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951). He may be best remembered for playing the title role in "Gunga Din" (1939) and the High Lama in "Lost Horizon" (1937).  - This Gun for Hire is a 1942 film noir, directed by Frank Tuttle and based on the 1936 novel (published in America with the same title, and in Britain with the title "A Gun for Sale") by Graham Greene. The film stars Veronica Lake, Robert Preston, Laird Cregar, and Alan Ladd. The movie made a star of Alan Ladd.  - Ernest Borgnine (born Ermes Effron Borgnino January 24, 1917  July 8, 2012) was an American film, television, character and voice actor whose career spanned more than six decades. He was noted for his gruff, yet calm voice, Machiavellian eyebrows and gap-toothed Cheshire cat grin. A popular performer, he had also appeared as a guest on numerous talk shows and as a panelist on several game shows.  - The heist film is a subgenre of the crime film. It focuses on the planning, execution, and aftermath of a theft. Versions with dominant or prominent comic elements are often called caper movies. They could be described as the analogues of caper stories in film history. A typical film includes many plot twists, with the focus on the characters' attempts to formulate a plan, carry it out, and escape with the goods. Often a nemesis must be thwarted, who might be either a figure of authority or else a former partner who turned on the group or one of its members.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'genre' with the subject 'the badlanders'.  Choices: - cautionary tale  - cinematography  - college  - comedy  - comic  - crime fiction  - crime novel  - culture  - detective  - fiction  - film noir  - flight  - hardboiled  - heist film  - james  - march  - mass  - memoir  - novel  - portrait  - robbery  - screenplay  - television  - television series  - video  - western
A: