Q:Information:  - STATS is a sports statistics, technology, data, and content company founded in 1981. STATS provides content to multimedia platforms, television broadcasters, leagues and teams, fantasy providers, and players, in addition to major B2B and B2C brands. STATS provides Associated Press editorial content and maintains relationships with many major sports leagues worldwide. They cover more than 300 leagues and competitions across the globe totaling of 83,000 events annually.  - Papa John's Cardinal Stadium is a football stadium located in Louisville, Kentucky, United States, on the southern end of the campus of the University of Louisville. Debuting in 1998, it serves as the home of the Louisville Cardinals football program. The official seating capacity in the quasi-horseshoe shaped facility was 42,000 through the 2008 season. An expansion project that started after the 2008 season was completed in time for the 2010 season has brought the official capacity to 55,000. An additional expansion project aiming to close the open end of the horseshoe to add 10,000 additional seats was announced on August 28, 2015, with the goal of opening within 2 years.  - The NCAA Division I Football Championship is an American college football tournament played each year to determine the champion of the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS). Prior to 2006, the game was known as the NCAA Division I-AA Football Championship. The FCS is the highest division in college football to hold a playoff tournament sanctioned by the NCAA to determine its champion. The four-team playoff system used by the Bowl Subdivision is not sanctioned by the NCAA.  - The Eddie Robinson Award is awarded annually to college football's top head coach in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (formerly Division I-AA). The award was established by The Sports Network, since merged into STATS LLC, in 1987 and is voted upon by the division's sports information directors and selected sports writers. The award is named for Eddie Robinson, the College Football Hall of Fame coach, who retired in 1997 after 56 years at Grambling State University.  - St. Lawrence University is a private, four-year liberal arts college located in the village of Canton in Saint Lawrence County, New York, United States. It has roughly 2400 undergraduate and 100 graduate students, about equally split between male and female.  - Division I (D-I) is the highest level of intercollegiate athletics sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) in the United States. D-I schools include the major collegiate athletic powers, with larger budgets, more elaborate facilities, and more athletic scholarships than Divisions II and III as well as many smaller schools committed to the highest level of intercollegiate competition.  - History. Even after the emergence of the professional National Football League (NFL), college football remained extremely popular throughout the U.S.  Although the college game has a much larger margin for talent than its pro counterpart, the sheer number of fans following major colleges provides a financial equalizer for the game, with Division I programs  the highest level  playing in huge stadiums, six of which have seating capacity exceeding 100,000. In many cases, college stadiums employ bench-style seating, as opposed to individual seats with backs and arm rests. This allows them to seat more fans in a given amount of space than the typical professional stadium, which tends to have more features and comforts for fans. (Only two stadiums owned by U.S. colleges or universities  Papa John's Cardinal Stadium at the University of Louisville and FAU Stadium at Florida Atlantic University  consist entirely of chairback seating.)  - A touchdown is a means of scoring in both American and Canadian football. Whether running, passing, returning a kickoff or punt, or recovering a turnover, a team scores a touchdown by advancing the ball into the opponent's end zone.  - Canadian football is a form of gridiron football played in Canada in which two teams of 12 players each compete for territorial control of a field of play long and wide attempting to advance a pointed prolate spheroid ball into the opposing team's scoring area (end zone).  - The Connecticut State Universities (CSU) are part of the Connecticut State Colleges & Universities, the largest public higher education system in Connecticut, and the second largest in New England. The four comprehensive state universities enroll almost 35,000 students and 180,000 alumni. The first of the universities to be founded was Central Connecticut State University, established in 1849 as a normal school for teacher education. Over time the other three institutions were founded as normal schools and in 1959 they were converted into state colleges to reflect their expanded mission. From their founding until 1965, they were overseen by the Connecticut State Department of Education. In 1965 the General Assembly transferred control of the then-colleges to an independent Board of Trustees. In 1983 the four institutions were converted into universities, together constituting the Connecticut State University System.  - The National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC). The NFL is one of the four major professional sports leagues in North America, and the highest professional level of American football in the world. The NFL's 17-week regular season runs from the week after Labor Day to the week after Christmas, with each team playing 16 games and having one bye week. Following the conclusion of the regular season, six teams from each conference (four division winners and two wild card teams) advance to the playoffs, a single-elimination tournament culminating in the Super Bowl, played between the champions of the NFC and AFC.  - American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron, is a sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end. The offense, the team with control of the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the team without control of the ball, the defense, aims to stop their advance and take control of the ball for themselves. The offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs, or plays, or else they turn over the football to the opposing team; if they succeed, they are given a new set of four downs. Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal. The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.  - The College Football Hall of Fame is a hall of fame and museum devoted to college football. In August 2014, the College Football Hall of Fame and Chick-fil-A Fan Experience opened in downtown Atlanta, Georgia. Previously located in South Bend, Indiana, the new Hall of Fame is a attraction located in the heart of Atlantas sports, entertainment and tourism district, and is adjacent to the Georgia World Congress Center and Centennial Olympic Park.  - Grambling State University (GSU) is a historically black, public, coeducational university, located in Grambling, Louisiana. The university is home of College Football Hall of Fame inductee and former head football coach Eddie Robinson, and is listed on the Louisiana African American Heritage Trail. The university is a member-school of the University of Louisiana System and Thurgood Marshall College Fund.  - Connecticut is the southernmost state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. Connecticut is also often grouped along with New York and New Jersey as the Tri-State Area. It is bordered by Rhode Island to the east, Massachusetts to the north, New York to the west, and Long Island Sound to the south. Its capital city is Hartford, and its most populous city is Bridgeport. The state is named for the Connecticut River, a major U.S. river that approximately bisects the state. The word "Connecticut" is derived from various anglicized spellings of an Algonquian word for "long tidal river".  - In American football and Canadian football, defensive backs (DBs) are the players on the defensive team who take positions somewhat back from the line of scrimmage; they are distinguished from the defensive line players and linebackers, who take positions directly behind or close to the line of scrimmage. The defensive backs, in turn, generally are classified into several different specialized positions:  - Andrew J. `` Andy '' Talley ( born April 6 , 1943 ) is an American football coach . He is currently the head football coach at Villanova University , a position he has held since the program 's revival in 1985 . Talley previously served as the head football coach at St. Lawrence University from 1970 to 1983 . In 1997 , he was named the AFCA Coach of the Year and the Eddie Robinson Award winner . Talley led his 2009 Villanova team to a NCAA Division I Football Championship . He is a 1967 graduate of Southern Connecticut State University , where he played college football as a defensive back . Talley announced he will retire at the end of the 2016 season .  - Villanova University is a private research university located in Radnor Township, a suburb northwest of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia in the United States. Named after Saint Thomas of Villanova, the school is the oldest Catholic university in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  - Southern Connecticut State University (SCSU or Southern) is one of four state universities in Connecticut, and is located in the West Rock neighborhood of New Haven, Connecticut. Its present location is on Crescent Street. Founded in 1893, it is the third-oldest campus in the Connecticut State University System.    What is the relationship between 'andy talley' and 'head coach'?
A: