Article:
Hi, my name is Scott C. Waring and I wrote a few books and am currently a ESL School Owner in Taiwan. I have had my own UFO sighting up close and personal, but that's how it works right? A non believer becomes a believer when they experience their first sighting. You witnessed it, your perceptual field changes, so now you need to share it. 
  
  
  
  
  
 I created this site to help the UFO community get a little bit organized. I noticed that there was a lot of chaos when searching for UFO sighting reports, so I hope this site helps. I wanted to support those eyewitnesses who have tried to tell others about what they have seen, yet were laughed at by even closest of friends. 
  
  
  
  
  
 More and more each day the governments of the world leak bits and pieces of UFO information to the public. They have a trickle down theory in hopes of slowly getting citizens use to the idea that we are not alone in universe and never have been. The truth is being leaked drop by drop until one day we look around and find ourselves neck high in it. 
  
  
  
  
  
 The discovery of alien species in existence is the most monumental scientific event in human history, suppression of that information is a crime against humanity. 
  
  
  
  
  
 About me: 
  
 I live in Taiwan. I am an ESL Teacher. 
  
 Born In Hollywood, California. 
  
 Am Former USAF at SAC base (flight line). 
  
 Age: 42 
  
 Educ: BA in Elem ed. Masters in Counseling ed. 
  
  
  
  
  
 I had two UFO sightings, (30+bus size orbs) in military and in 2012 personally saw the UFO over Taipei 101 building on New Years Day (and recored it). ||||| NASA offers 3 explanations for strange bright light seen in photo from Mars 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 2 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 3 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 4 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 5 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 6 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 7 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 8 of 9 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. Photo: NASA.gov Photos Image 9 of 9 NASA offers 3 explanations for strange bright light seen in photo from Mars 1 / 9 Back to Gallery 
  
 A NASA camera on Mars has captured what appears to be artificial light emanating outward from the planet's surface. 
  
 Photos taken April 2 and April 3 by a camera on the Curiosity rover were beamed millions of miles from Mars to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. 
  
 According to NASA, a bright spot appears in single images taken by the stereo camera's "right eye" camera, but the spot doesn't show up in images taken less than a second later by the left-eye camera. 
  
 In the two right-eye images, the spot is in different locations of the image frame, and, in both cases, at the ground surface level in front of a crater rim on the horizon, Justin Maki, a NASA imaging scientist said April 8 by email through a spokesman. 
  
 "One possibility is that the light is the glint from a rock surface reflecting the sun," Maki said in the statement. "When these images were taken each day, the sun was in the same direction as the bright spot, west-northwest from the rover, and relatively low in the sky." 
  
 Another possibility is that the bright spots are sunlight reaching the camera's image sensor through a vent hole in the camera housing, which has happened before with Curiosity and other Mars rovers, the agency said. 
  
 Latest Houston News Video 
  
 (Story continues below ...) 
  
 "We think it's either a vent-hole light or a glinty rock," Maki said in the emailed statement. Another possibility is that it's a cosmic ray striking the camera's detector, he added. 
  
 Before NASA offered a suggestion of what might be the source of the bright spots, bloggers and space enthusiasts started chiming in. 
  
 RELATED: The biggest hoaxes ever exposed 
  
 Scott C. Waring, who maintains the website UFO Sightings Daily, posted the photo April 6. 
  
 Waring noted that the light shines upward, as if from the ground, and is very flat across the bottom. 
  
 "This could indicate there there is intelligent life below the ground and uses light as we do," Waring wrote on his website. "This is not a glare from the sun, nor is it an artifact of the photo process." 
  
 On Tuesday, Slate.com's Bad Astronomy blog suggested that a UFO conspiracy site might not be the best source of information for exploring serious planetary phenomena. A more serious source of this light, said blogger Phil Plait, is that "a subatomic particle smacked into the camera, leaving behind its trail of energy." 
  
 HoustonChronicle.com: Vast ocean found on Saturn – could it sustain life? 
  
 Earlier this month, NASA announced that on April 2, the Curiosity rover drove the last 98 feet needed to arrive at "the Kimberley," a spot where it can study rock clues about ancient environments that might have been favorable for life, according to a news release. 
  
 The Kimberley, where four different types of rock intersect, is named for a region of western Australia. The rover's stay there has been planned since early last year, the release said. 
  
 "This is the spot on the map we've been headed for, on a little rise that gives us a great view for context imaging of the outcrops at the Kimberley," Melissa Rice of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena said in the release. 
  
 Rice is the scientist in charge of planning several weeks of observations, sample-drilling and on-site laboratory analysis of the area's rocks. 
  
 Arrival at this location means Curiosity has driven 3.8 miles since August 2012, when it landed inside Mars' Gale Crater. 
  
 HoustonChronicle.com: Space station sidesteps space junk again 
  
 The Kimberley investigations are to be the most extensive since Curiosity spent the first half of 2013 in an area called Yellowknife Bay, the release said. 
  
 At Yellowknife Bay, the one-ton rover examined the first samples ever drilled from rocks on Mars. These samples showed signs of an ancient lakebed environment that provided the chemical ingredients and energy necessary for life, the release said. 
  
 At the Kimberley and, later, at outcrops on the slope of Mount Sharp inside Gale Crater, researchers plan to use Curiosity's science instruments to learn more about habitable past conditions and environmental changes. 
  
 You can follow the mission on Facebook and Twitter. ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| The picture that caught Waring's eye was taken on April 3 by the right-hand navigation camera on NASA's Mars Curiosity rover as it was getting itself settled in a new study area known as the Kimberley. A bright speck that appears to flare upward can just be made out, right at the rim of a rise. 
  
 A picture taken by the right navcam on the day before shows a similar bright speck, seen from a slightly different perspective. The only problem is that the navigation camera is a stereo system, and the left-hand navcam doesn't show the bright spots on either day. 
  
 That suggests that the "light" might be a bit of lost data that left blank spots only on the right-hand navcam pictures. And it suggests that people are looking at the pictures from Curiosity very, very closely. If there's a message from Mars flashing in any photos, you can bet somebody's going to see it. 
  
 We've asked NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory to take a look at the pictures, and if we hear anything back, you'll find the update right here. Now, about that deer-cam UFO... 
  
 Update for 9 p.m. ET April 7: Doug Ellison, an imaging guru who happens to work at JPL, quickly told me in a Twitter update that the bright spot is due to a "cosmic ray hit" affecting the rover. (Later: The Surrey Space Center's Chris Bridges agrees.) 
  
 Update for 12:50 a.m. ET April 8: Here's a recap of the four pictures we're talking about: 
  
 Update for 3 p.m. ET April 8: JPL sent along a couple of potential explanations for the bright spot, and they don't include the cosmic ray scenario. Get the details here. |||||Summary: