Information:  - True Magic is the third studio album by American rapper Mos Def. It was released on December 29, 2006, by Geffen Records. After Geffen had absorbed Mos Def's record label Rawkus, the album was released haphazardly to fulfill a contractual obligation; its physical release lacked a booklet, cover art, lyrics, or credits and followed an online leak of the music. "True Magic" received mostly mixed reviews from critics and reached 97,000 copies sold by 2014.  - De La Soul is an American hip hop trio formed in 1987 on Long Island, New York. The group is best known for their eclectic sampling, quirky lyrics, and their contributions to the evolution of the jazz rap and alternative hip hop subgenres. The members are Posdnuos, Dave and Maseo. The three formed the group in high school and caught the attention of producer Prince Paul with a demo tape of the song "Plug Tunin'". With its playful wordplay, innovative sampling, and witty skits, the band's debut album, "3 Feet High and Rising", has been called "a hip hop masterpiece."  - Columbia Records (also known simply as Columbia) is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment (SME), a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America, Inc., the United States division of Sony Corporation. It was founded in 1887, evolving from an earlier enterprise named the American Graphophone Company, the successor to the Volta Graphophone Company. Columbia is the oldest surviving brand name in the recorded sound business, being the second major record company to produce recorded records. Columbia Records went on to release records by an array of notable singers, instrumentalists, and bands. From 1961 to 1990, its recordings were released outside the U.S. and Canada by the CBS Records label (which was named after the Columbia Broadcasting System) to avoid confusion with the EMI label of the same name, before adopting the Columbia name internationally in 1990. It is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels alongside RCA Records and Epic Records.  - Erykah Abi Wright (born Erica Abi Wright; February 26, 1971), better known by her stage name Erykah Badu, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, disc jockey, activist, and actress. Badu's career began after opening a show for D'Angelo in 1994 in her hometown; record label executive Kedar Massenburg was highly impressed with her performance and signed her to Kedar Entertainment. Her first album, "Baduizm", was released on February 11, 1997. It spawned three singles: "On & On", "Next Lifetime" and "Otherside of the Game". The album was certified triple Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Badu's first live album, "Live", was released on November 18, 1997 and was certified double Platinum by the RIAA.  - A record producer or music producer oversees and manages the sound recording and production of a band or performer's music, which may range from recording one song to recording a lengthy concept album. A producer has many roles during the recording process. The roles of a producer vary. He or she may gather musical ideas for the project, collaborate with the artists to select cover tunes or original songs by the artist/group, work with artists and help them to improve their songs, lyrics or arrangements.   - Yasiin Bey (born Dante Terrell Smith; December 11, 1973), best known by his stage name Mos Def, is an American hip hop recording artist, actor and activist from Brooklyn, New York City, New York. Best known for his music, Mos Def embarked on his hip hop career in 1994, alongside his siblings in the short-lived rap group Urban Thermo Dynamics (UTD), after which he appeared on albums by Da Bush Babees and De La Soul. He subsequently formed the duo Black Star, alongside fellow Brooklyn-based rapper Talib Kweli, and released their eponymous debut album in 1998. He was featured on the roster of Rawkus Records and in 1999 released his solo debut, "Black on Both Sides". His debut was followed by "The New Danger" (2004), "True Magic" (2006) and "The Ecstatic" (2009). The editors at About.com listed him as the 14th greatest emcee of all time on their "50 greatest MC's of our time" list.  - Black on Both Sides is the debut album of American rapper Mos Def, released on October 12, 1999, by Rawkus Records and Columbia Records. Prior to the album's recording, Mos Def had collaborated with rapper Talib Kweli for the duo's studio album, "Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star" (1998), which raised high expectations for a solo effort. "Black on Both Sides" features an emphasis on live instrumentation and socially conscious lyrics. On February 2, 2000, the album was certified Gold in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), following sales in excess of 500,000 copies.  - Rawkus Records is an American hip-hop record label known for jump-starting the careers of many rappers. Rawkus started in 1995 with initial releases ranging from hip-hop, drum and bass and fun-dustrial (Dystopia One).  - The New Danger is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Mos Def. It is the follow-up to his breakthrough solo effort "Black on Both Sides" (1999), after which he devoted more time into his film and stage career. "The New Danger" was released in October 2004 to generally mixed reviews and eventually sold 513,000 copies.  - Michael Eugene Archer (born February 11, 1974), better known by his stage name D'Angelo (pronounced "dee"-Angelo), is an American, Grammy Award winning R&B and Neo soul singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. Born in Richmond, Virginia, the son of a Pentecostal minister, he began teaching himself piano as a very young child, and at age 18 he won the amateur talent competition at Harlem's Apollo Theater three weeks in a row. After briefly being a member of a hip-hop group called I.D.U., his first major success came in 1994 as the co-writer and co-producer of "U Will Know".  - Brooklyn is the most populous borough of New York City, with a Census-estimated 2,636,735 residents in 2015. It borders the borough of Queens at the southwestern end of Long Island. Since 1896, Brooklyn has had the same boundaries as Kings County, the most populous county in the U.S. state of New York, and the second-most densely populated county in the United States, after the county of New York (which is coextensive with the borough of Manhattan).  - The Ecstatic is the fourth studio album by American rapper Mos Def. After venturing further away from hip hop with an acting career and two poorly received albums, Mos Def signed with Downtown Records and recorded "The Ecstatic" primarily at the Record Plant in Los Angeles. He worked with producers such as Preservation, Mr. Flash, Oh No, and Madlib, the latter two of whom reused instrumentals they had produced on Stones Throw Records. Singer Georgia Anne Muldrow, formerly of the record label, was one of the album's few guest vocalists, along with rappers Slick Rick and Talib Kweli. For its front cover, a still from Charles Burnett's 1978 film "Killer of Sheep" was reproduced in red tint.  - `` Mathematics '' is a b - side single from Mos Def 's solo debut album , Black on Both Sides . It contains lyrics about various social issues and asks the listener to add them up and come to conclusions about them . Many references to numbers are found in this song and at times , Mos Def rhymes statistics in numerical order . The song highlights the differences between the White and African - American citizens of the US and uses the lyrics `` Do your math. . . '' ( from Erykah Badu 's `` On & On '' ) telling young African - American 's to ' do their maths ' so they can avoid being part of the numerous degrading statistics he raps about in the opening and third verses of the song . The song is produced by DJ Premier whose famous scratch samples make up the song 's bridge . Premier has called it one of his favorite beats . It can be found on the soundtrack of Madden NFL 2002 . The song is also played briefly in the CSI : Crime Scene Investigation episode `` Crate ' n ' Burial '' .  - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) is a continental North and South American trade organization that represents the recording industry in the United States. Its members consist of record labels and distributors, which the RIAA says "create, manufacture and/or distribute approximately 85% of all legally sold recorded music in the United States." The RIAA headquarters is in Washington, D.C.  - William "Kedar" Massenburg is an American record producer and record label executive, who was the president of Motown Records from 1997 to 2004. Massenburg is best known for bringing Erykah Badu to fame. He trademarked the term "neo soul."  - Baduizm is the debut album by American R&B and neo soul singer-songwriter Erykah Badu, released on February 11, 1997 by Kedar Records. After leaving university in order to concentrate on music full-time, Badu then began touring with her cousin, Robert "Free" Bradford, where she recorded a 19-song demo, "Country Cousins", which attracted the attention of Kedar Massenburg. He set Badu up to record a duet with D'Angelo, "Your Precious Love," and eventually signed her to a record deal with Universal Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during January to October 1996 at Battery Studios in New York City, Sigma Sounds & Ivory Studios in Philadelphia, and Dallas Sound Lab in Dallas.  - Christopher Edward Martin (born March 21, 1966), better known by his stage name DJ Premier (also known as Preem, Premo, or Primo), is an American Record Producer and DJ, and was half of the hip hop duo Gang Starralongside the emcee Guruand forms half of the hip hop duo PRhyme, together with Royce Da 5'9".    'mathematics ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'record label'?  Choices: - 1996  - album  - apollo  - cbs  - cbs records  - columbia records  - emi  - epic  - epic records  - island  - kedar records  - label  - labels  - motown  - rawkus records  - rca  - record  - studio album  - universal
Answer: