Here is a news article: Web archive data from a crawl of open access PDF URLs provided by Unpaywall. ||||| Great white sharks like those that lurk off the Massachusetts coast swim deeper and travel farther in the Atlantic Ocean than previously thought, according to a newly published study led by a state marine biologist. 
  
 Previous research suggested that the sharks frequent only surface waters close to the East Coast. The new study found that they swim thousands of miles into the Atlantic and dive hundreds of meters for reasons still unknown, researchers said. 
  
 “As these sharks get larger, they start to leave the continental shelf and they venture out into the open Atlantic Ocean. That’s the novel information coming from this research,” said Gregory B. Skomal, lead author of the study and a Massachusetts Division of Marine Fisheries senior biologist. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 “When they’re out there, they’re kind of wandering, almost nomadic in behavior,” he said in a telephone interview. “The movement of these animals is much broader than we previously thought.” 
  
 Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news. Get what you need today in this early-morning email. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here 
  
 The study appeared in the latest issue of Marine Ecology Progress Series. It was written by researchers from the state and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology/Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution Joint Program in Oceanography. 
  
 The researchers used satellite tracking technology to monitor the movements of 32 great white sharks over several years. The animals were all tagged off Cape Cod between July and October from 2009 to 2014, except for one female tagged in March 2013 off the coast of Jacksonville, Fla., the researchers said. 
  
 The modern technology was able to debunk previously held notions that great whites’ movements through the western Atlantic were confined to a seasonal north-south path along the East Coast 
  
 The new study found that while smaller sharks did tend to stick close to shore, larger, more mature animals tended to move farther offshore. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 “As they get bigger, they probably have the capacity to go out and venture into deeper, colder, broader areas,” Skomal said. 
  
 The coastal sharks were found to seasonally migrate from the Gulf of Maine in summer to the mid-Atlantic in fall, to the South Atlantic and even the Gulf of Mexico in winter and spring. 
  
 The sharks that swam farther offshore (“pelagic” or open-water sharks), did not follow a clear, seasonal pattern. While they also stayed along the East Coast in summer, their movements were “much less defined” and “wide-ranging” the rest of the year, the researchers said. 
  
 Coastal sharks did not tend to swim north of Maine or stray far from the continental shelf, but some of the pelagic sharks reached the Grand Banks in Newfoundland to the north, and swam as far east as the Azores, which are off the coast of Portugal. 
  
 The coastal and pelagic sharks also moved through the ocean at varying depths, the researchers found. The coastal sharks spent most of their time near the surface, while the pelagic sharks split time more evenly between surface swimming and diving. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 “This indicates that [pelagic] individuals occupied a wider range of temperatures more frequently as they spent more time, horizontally and vertically, in both warmer and colder water when away from the shelf,” the researchers said. 
  
 The coastal sharks’ movements can be explained by temperature shifts and feeding opportunities. But pelagic sharks’ habits were “not spatially, nor temporally, well-defined, and there was no apparent synchrony in their movement” except in summer, when all the sharks gravitated to the East Coast to feed on wildlife like the myriad seals that frequent Cape Cod, the researchers said. 
  
 The data compiled from the yearslong tagging effort filled gaps in knowledge, but questions remained about the reasons for the animals’ behavior. 
  
 “The tags are really good at telling us where they’re going, but they don’t tell us what they’re doing in terms of actual behavior,” Skomal said. 
  
 Skomal speculated that the pelagic sharks’ mysterious diving in the open ocean was “likely in pursuit of some sort of prey.” 
  
 He said the new data on great white sharks’ movements could end up impacting protections for the species in the Atlantic, which do not currently extend to the international zones that the study revealed the animals swim through. 
  
 “They may be subjected to harvest by nations that do not have similar conservation strategies in place, so what it does is essentially leave these species vulnerable to exploitation,” he said. 
  
 He said he hopes international agreements can be amended in the future to include more of the Atlantic in a great white protection area. 
  
 As for the great white shark population along the East Coast, he said, the researchers believe it may be more robust than commonly assumed after decades of decline. 
  
 “The white shark population in the western North Atlantic is increasing, and it’s rebounding after heavy levels of exploitation that occurred in the ’70s and ’80s,” he said. “We don’t think it’s reached historical highs, or even reached preexploitation levels, but it is showing signs of improvement so that’s all positive news.” 
  
 Ben Thompson can be reached at ben.thompson@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @Globe_Thompson ||||| FILE — In this Sept. 13, 2012 file photo, Massachusetts shark expert Greg Skomal pulls the cap off a blood sample taken from an Atlantic great white shark before performing blood gas analysis moments... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE — In this Sept. 13, 2012 file photo, Massachusetts shark expert Greg Skomal pulls the cap off a blood sample taken from an Atlantic great white shark before performing blood gas analysis moments after the nearly 15-foot, 2,292-pound shark was released from the research vessel Ocearch off the coast... (Associated Press) 
  
 BOSTON (AP) — The movements of great white sharks in the Pacific and Indian oceans have long been the subject of academic study, but new research is just starting to shed light on the behavior of their Atlantic Ocean counterparts. 
  
 Researchers in Massachusetts say white sharks appear to venture offshore farther, with more frequency and at greater depths than previously known in the Atlantic. 
  
 Some of the 32 sharks tracked between 2009 and 2014 ended up as far east as the Azores, the Portuguese island chain located more than 2,300 miles (3,701 kilometers) from Cape Cod, where most of the animals were initially outfitted with satellite tags. 
  
 They also were found to make frequent deep dives — as far down as 3,700 feet (1,127 meters) — and spend more time at those dark depths than previous studies in the Atlantic suggest. 
  
 The team, which included scientists from the state Division of Marine Fisheries, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution, had its findings published last week in Marine Ecology Progress Series, a prominent scientific journal. 
  
 "Everything we knew previously indicated that the white shark in the Atlantic is more coastally-oriented, moving north-to-south and remaining on the continental shelf," explained Gregory Skomal, the study's lead author. "So what we're now describing is this other component, this offshore movement into open ocean." 
  
 Skomal says the work has implications for shark conservation efforts since it extends the known habitat for these ancient predators. White sharks are not considered endangered or threatened, but it's illegal to hunt them in U.S. waters. 
  
 "You've got U.S. protection within 200 miles of shore, but you have sharks clearly leaving that protection that are vulnerable to harvest," Skomal said. "We need to engage other countries fishing in these waters to talk about putting similar protections in place." 
  
 The research is exciting because it represents the "first real insights into the movement patterns of white sharks" in the northern part of the Atlantic, says Tobey Curtis, a Massachusetts-based shark researcher for the National Marine Fisheries Service who was not involved with the study. 
  
 "Prior to this, we were only able to piece together information about their distribution from widely scattered reports from fishermen, scientists and the public," he said. "Having tracks of individual sharks really helps fill in the gaps, and provides a more complete picture of white shark movements and migrations." 
  
 The study seems to hew closely to what's been observed of white sharks in other oceans — that juveniles tend to stay in the relatively shallower waters of the continental shelf where food sources abound, while adults are more apt to venture into open ocean, observes Christopher Lowe, a shark researcher at California State University in Long Beach also not involved with the research. 
  
 Indeed, most of the tagged sharks in the Atlantic study generally followed a north-south migration along the Eastern Seaboard. 
  
 They headed to Newfoundland and New England waters in the summer, then down south to the Carolinas and even the Bahamas for the winter. 
  
 Lowe says it remains to be seen what impact continued growth of white shark populations in the Atlantic has on these habits, or whether climate change is playing a role. 
  
 Another key question is finding out what these sharks are actually doing so far offshore. 
  
 Researchers in northern California suggest offshore movements are for mating, a ritual that has never been observed among white sharks. But Skomal and his team believe the animals are more likely foraging — it's just not immediately obvious what they're feeding on. 
  
 "That's the great mystery right now," he said. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Follow Philip Marcelo at twitter.com/philmarcelo. His work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/philip%20marcelo |||||
A summary of this is?