Write highlights for this article:

He looked delighted when he was presented with a traditional black and white sombrero vueltiao hat during a visit to an organic fair on Wednesday. Now, Prince Charles has two after he was given another while inspecting the treasure at the Museo del Oro Zenu in Cartagena. The Prince, clearly delighted with his duplicate gift, swiftly donned the hat and encouraged the Duchess of Cornwall to do the same with hers - much to the delight of local well-wishers. Sombrero vueltiao hats are made from cane fibre and are a symbol of Colombia, as well as the northern Caribbean region in which the city of Cartagena is located. Scroll down for video. Looking good: Prince Charles was given his second sombrero vueltiao hat of the week during a visit to a museum in Cartagena. Suits you sir: Charles looked delighted with his second hat - and the Duchess of Cornwall appeared to like hers too. Culture: The couple were at the Museo del Oro (Gold Museum) in Cartagena with First Lady María Clemencia Rodríguez de Santos. Popular: Charles got his first hat while visiting an organic food fair at the British Ambassador's residence in Bogota on Tuesday. Originally worn by peasants, the hats have become an enormously popular fashion accessory and are loved by everyone from cowboys to presidents, and now, princes. Charles and Camilla are on the last leg of an eventful four-day visit to the South American country, which has seen the Prince speak of his anguish following the death of his uncle, Lord Mountbatten, as well as a passionate intervention from the Duchess on the subject of sexual violence. This morning, however, most of the drama came from a flamboyantly-dressed dancer who met the couple outside the museum, although the impressive impressive collection of fabulous gold treasures dating from the mediaeval period came a close second. A huge crowd of people, many of whom carried Union flags, had gathered outside the museum to see the couple arrive, with Prince Charles taking the opportunity to share a joke with some of the locals during a walkabout. He also tried his hand at playing the drum and appeared to be enjoying himself, even if those listening were less than enamoured with his musical talents. Following the visit to the museum, the couple continued on to the Naval Academy, where they got an insight into the country's infamous drug problem courtesy of a haul of submarines confiscated from drug gangs and now displayed outside the school. Not sure: At first, Camilla looked a little wary about trying on her black and white sombrero vueltiao hat. This is how you do it: An obliging local man then showed her how to put on and wear the hat. What do you think: The pair then looked to the Prince of Wales to see what he thought of the Duchess' new look. Success! Clearly delighted with Charles' verdict, Camilla beamed for the cameras as María Clemencia Rodríguez de Santos looked on. Afterwards, Charles and Camilla will continue on to a war memorial dedicated to the British soldiers who died during an attempt to take the city's Fort of San Felipe in 1741 before attending the Health of the Oceans conference where the Prince will make a speech. The event, which will also see a speech from Colombia's President Santos, has been organised by the Presidential Co-operation Agency and the Prince's International Sustainability Unit, and will promote sustainability in the development of marine economies. Finally, the couple will wave goodbye to Colombia during a sunset ceremony on board HMS Argyll, a Type 23 'Duke' class frigate, which is currently moored in Cartagena. The tour of Colombia began on Tuesday with a rainy welcome on the tarmac at Bogota airport ahead of a formal welcome - which included taking a salute from a guard of honour - the following day. After an encounter with ballet dancer Fernando Montaño during the state dinner that evening, the royal couple then went on to spend yesterday focusing on the real theme of the tour - promoting peace and combating sexual violence. New talent: The couple were also presented with a traditional drum, which Prince Charles couldn't resist trying out. Not so good: The Prince of Wales burst into laughter following his attempt to play the drum - along with Camilla and Cartagena locals. All smiles: The couple appeared to enjoy their visit to the museum, during which they were shown its collection of gold treasure. Charles also spoke movingly about the loss of his great-uncle Lord Mountbatten, when he visited Bogota's Centre for Peace, Memory and Reconciliation which commemorates those killed and displaced during five decades of violence in the fight against guerillas and drug cartels. In a speech about how he had 'experienced the intense despair caused by the consequences of violence' and stress, he added: 'Many of you will probably not know that my own much-loved great-uncle, Lord Mountbatten, and members of his family ... were murdered in Northern Ireland, just over 30 years ago. 'So I feel I do understand something of the bewildering and soul-destroying anguish that so many of you have had to endure.' Charles was extremely close to his uncle, who died in a terrorist bombing in August 1979. Indeed he viewed the Queen’s second cousin and former Viceroy of India as a second father and mentor. Mountbatten, 79, was assassinated by the Provisional IRA, who planted a bomb in his boat in Co Sligo, in the Irish Republic, during a family fishing trip. One of his twin grandsons, Nicholas Knatchbull, 14, lost his life, along with a local boat boy, 15-year-old Paul Maxwell. Another passenger on the boat, the Dowager Lady Brabourne, 82, died in hospital the day after the attack. Big arrival: The couple arrived in Cartagena, on Colombia's Caribbean coastline, after spending three days in Bogota. Colourful: The couple were met by a flamboyantly dressed traditional dancer outside the Museo del Oro Zenu. Wonderful: Charles and Camilla looked on in delight as the dancer twirled her multicoloured skirts during the dance. Magical: This is the second time the couple have encountered Colombia's flamboyant Caribbean dancers, the first time earlier this week. The only person convicted for the murders, Thomas McMahon, an experienced IRA bomb-maker, was released from jail under the Good Friday peace agreement after serving 18 years in jail. A second man was acquitted. Colombia itself is only just emerging from the longest running civil war in the world which began in 1956 and has so far claimed an estimated 250,000 lives, while displacing more than five million people. Rape and other forms of sexual violence are also widespread, with one woman raped every 15 minutes according to government estimates. The Duchess, who met with a group of brave rape victims, told MailOnline of her admiration for their courage and vowed to speak out and bring the issue of sexual violence 'into the light'. 'I was humbled by the courage of the Colombian women I met today,' she added, 'who had been raped like so many others, in horrendous circumstances, and I salute their determination to bring rape and sexual abuse out of the shadows into the light.' Later, the royal couple went their separate ways with Camilla staying in Bogota and Prince Charles travelling to La Macarena to see Cano Cristales - a river that has been dubbed the liquid rainbow thanks to its propensity for changing colour. Good work: After the dance, the couple congratulated the dancer before meeting a group of excited locals. Nice to meet you: Even more excited was the crowd of locals who had waited outside the museum to see the royal couple. Entertaining: Prince Charles, who was on jolly form, shared a joke with one delighted-looking lady. All together now: The royal couple and Colombia's First Lady also stopped for a glamorous group photo with a group of dancers. The  impressive sight is the result of algae on the riverbed changing its colour at different times of the year, from green and yellow to blue and black and, famously, red. Cano Cristales, south of the capital Bogota and once part of a FARC rebel controlled area, is close to the town of La Macarena and its residents and other groups are attempting to develop a sustainable tourism programme so local people benefit from foreign visitors and the environment is protected. Julia Miranda, director of Colombia's national park service, hosted Charles' visit to the natural wonder and said, after the royal had left, that the visit had been 'marvellous', adding: 'The red colour of the waters was very intense. 'He was really happy to be here and he asked many questions and seemed really interested in the geography of the area.' Charles was also joined during his visit by Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos who has been instrumental in helping to preserve Colombia's Amazon region. He joked to Charles' entourage that the picturesque spot was known as the FARC country club where a guerrilla general would bring his partner and they would swim in the waters. Before leaving the region Charles visited the quiet settlement and toured a local church built by guerrilla fighters which has a mural painted above the altar showing Jesus with his 12 disciples, who are depicted as Colombian peasants. During the visit, the Prince chatted to members of the local community and looked utterly delighted when one excited little schoolgirl planted a kiss on his cheek. Touching: In La Macarena yesterday, Prince Charles found himself on the receiving end of a kiss from one excited little schoolgirl. Striking: Charles also visited Cano Cristales, a river dubbed 'the liquid rainbow' thanks to its propensity to change colour. Emotional: Charles spoke of his anguish at the loss of his uncle Lord Mountbatten during a speech in Bogota yesterday. Beautiful: Camilla, who was dressed in a pistachio ensemble, spent yesterday afternoon at the Quinta Bolivar museum in Bogota. Important work: The Duchess, who met rape survivors yesterday morning, told MailOnline that she was left 'humbled' by the experience.

Highlights: