Information:  - Purusha (Sanskrit ", ") is a complex concept whose meaning evolved in Vedic and Upanishadic times. Depending on source and historical timeline, it means the cosmic man or Self, Consciousness, and Universal principle.  - Harihara is the fused representation of Vishnu ( Hari ) and Shiva ( Hara ) from the Hindu tradition . Also known as Shankaranarayana ( `` Shankara '' is Shiva , and `` Narayana '' is Vishnu ) , Harihara is thus revered by both Vaishnavites and Shaivites as a form of the Supreme God . Harihara is also sometimes used as a philosophical term to denote the unity of Vishnu and Shiva as different aspects of the same Ultimate Reality called Brahman . This concept of equivalence of various gods as one principle and `` oneness of all existence '' is discussed as Harihara in the texts of Advaita Vedanta school of Hindu philosophy . Some of the earliest sculptures of Harihara , with one half of the image as Shiva and other half as Vishnu , are found in the surviving cave temples of India , such as in the cave 1 and cave 3 of the 6th - century Badami cave temples .  - Nara-Narayana (nara-nryaa) is a Hindu deity pair. Nara-Narayana is the twin-brother avatar of the God Vishnu on earth, working for the preservation of dharma or righteousness. In the concept of Nara-Narayana, the human soul Nara is the eternal companion of the Divine Narayana.  - Sanskrit (English pronunciation:; written in Devanagari script ; : or ', originally ', "refined speech") is the primary sacred language of Hinduism and "Mahyna" Buddhism, a philosophical language in Hinduism, Jainism, Buddhism and Sikhism. It was also a literary language that was in use as a "lingua franca" in ancient and medieval South Asia. It is a standardised dialect of Old Indo-Aryan, originating as Vedic Sanskrit and tracing its linguistic ancestry back to Proto-Indo-Iranian and Proto-Indo-European. Today it is listed as one of the 22 scheduled languages of India and is an official language of the state of Uttarakhand. As one of the oldest Indo-European languages for which substantial written documentation exists, Sanskrit holds a prominent position in Indo-European studies.  - Hari (Devanagari: ), the one who forgives all sins, is a primary god in Hinduism who is an aspect of Vishnu. The terms "Hari" and "Vishnu" are almost used interchangeably. He is described as having the dark complexion of water-filled clouds and having four arms. He is depicted as a pale-blue being, as are his incarnations Rama and Krishna. He holds a padma (lotus flower) in his lower left hand, the Kaumodaki gada (mace) in his lower right hand, the Panchajanya shankha (conch) in his upper left hand and the discus weapon considered to be the most powerful weapon according to Hindu Religion Sudarshana Chakra in his upper right hand and also have a bow named as sharanga and due to which he is sometimes named as sharangapani (hari) in Bhagvad Gita. Om precedes all else as in Om Namah Shivaya, Om Namo Bhagavate Vasudevaya, Om Namo Narayanaya. But only Hari precedes Om in the form of Harih om or Harih om tat sat.  - Hindu texts are manuscripts and historic literature related to any of the diverse traditions within Hinduism. A few texts are shared resources across these traditions and broadly considered as Hindu scriptures. These include the Vedas and the Upanishads. Scholars hesitate in defining the term "Hindu scripture" given the diverse nature of Hinduism, many include Bhagavad Gita and Agamas as Hindu scriptures, while Dominic Goodall includes Bhagavata Purana and Yajnavalkya Smriti to the list of Hindu scriptures.  - The word Puranas ("") literally means "ancient, old", and it is a vast genre of Indian literature about a wide range of topics, particularly myths, legends and other traditional lore. Composed primarily in Sanskrit, but also in regional languages, several of these texts are named after major Hindu deities such as Vishnu, Shiva and Devi. The Puranas genre of literature is found in both Hinduism and Jainism.  - The Bhgavata Pura (Devanagari: ; also rmad Bhgavata Mah Pura, rmad Bhgavatam or Bhgavata) is one of Hinduism's eighteen great Puranas ("Mahapuranas", great histories). Composed in Sanskrit and available in almost all Indian languages, it promotes "bhakti" (devotion) to Krishna integrating themes from the Advaita (monism) philosophy of Adi Shankara.  - The Vedas (Sanskrit: "", "knowledge") are a large body of knowledge texts originating in the ancient Indian subcontinent. Composed in Vedic Sanskrit, the texts constitute the oldest layer of Sanskrit literature and the oldest scriptures of Hinduism. Hindus consider the Vedas to be "apaurueya", which means "not of a man, superhuman" and "impersonal, authorless".  - Madhva Acharya (AD 12381317), also known as Purna Prajña and Ananda Teertha, was a Hindu philosopher and the chief proponent of the Dvaita (dualism) school of Vedanta. Madhva called his philosophy as "Tattvavada" meaning "the realist viewpoint".  - Shiva ( Tamil Sanskrit: , lit. "the auspicious one") is one of the principal deities of Hinduism. He is the supreme God within Shaivism, one of the three most influential denominations in contemporary Hinduism.  - An avatar (Sanskrit: , IAST: "") is a concept in Hinduism and it means "descent", and refers to the appearance or incarnation of a deity on earth. The term also generally refers to "alight, to make one's appearance" and sometimes used to refer to any revered guru or human being.  - Brahma is the creator god in the Trimurti of Hinduism. He has four faces. Brahma is also known as "Svayambhu" (self-born), "Vga" (Lord of Speech), and the creator of the four Vedas, one from each of his mouths. Brahma is identified with the Vedic god Prajapati, as well as linked to Kama and Hiranyagarbha (the cosmic egg), he is more prominently mentioned in the post-Vedic Hindu epics and the mythologies in the Puranas. In the epics, he is conflated with Purusha. Brahma, along with Vishnu and Shiva, is part of a Hindu Trinity; however, ancient Hindu texts mention other trinities of gods or goddesses which do not include Brahma.  - The Bhagavad Gita ("" in IAST, ; lit. "Song of the Lord"), often referred to as  simply the Gita, is a 700-verse Hindu scripture in Sanskrit that is part of the Hindu epic "Mahabharata" (chapters 25 - 42 of the 6th book of Mahabharata).  - The "Trimrti" (Sanskrit:  "", "three forms") is the trinity of supreme divinity in Hinduism in which the cosmic functions of creation, maintenance, and destruction are personified as a triad of deities, typically Brahma the creator, Vishnu the preserver, and Shiva the destroyer/transformer, though individual denominations may vary from that particular line-up. When all three deities of the Trimurti incarnate into a single avatar, the avatar is known as Dattatreya.  - Narayana (Sanskrit: "Nryaa") or Narayanan is a Vedic deity associated with the waters of creation and sometimes with the sun. He is one of several Vedic figures associated with Vishnu and Vishnu sometimes assumes the name Narayana in certain scriptures. According to Madhvacharya Narayana is one of the five vyuhas of Ka, which are cosmic emanations of god in contrast to his incarnate avatars. He is frequently mentioned as part of the pair of Nara-Narayana. According to the Bhagavata Purana he is the supreme god (including his different avatars) in Hinduism, venerated as the Supreme Being in Vaishnavism. He is also known as Vishnu and Hari, is venerated as Purushottama or Supreme Purusha in Hindu sacred texts such as the Bhagavad Gita, the Vedas and the Puranas.  - Vishnu (IAST: "") is one of the principal deities of Hinduism, and the Supreme Being in its Vaishnavism tradition. Along with Brahma and Shiva, Vishnu forms a Hindu trinity (Trimurti); however, ancient Hindu texts do mention other trinities of gods or goddesses.  - Supreme Being is a term for God used by theologians and philosophers of many religious faiths, including Christianity, Islam, Hinduism, Judaism, and deism.  - Hinduism is a religion, or a way of life, found most notably in India and Nepal. Hinduism has been called the oldest religion in the world, and some practitioners and scholars refer to it as "", "the eternal law," or the "eternal way," beyond human origins. Scholars regard Hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions, with diverse roots and no founder. This "Hindu synthesis" started to develop between 500 BCE and 300 CE following the Vedic period (1500 BCE to 500 BCE).  - Hindu refers to any person who regards themselves as culturally, ethnically, or religiously adhering to aspects of Hinduism. It has historically been used as a geographical, cultural, rather than a religious identifier for people indigenous to South Asia.  - Shaivism or aivism ("aiva Patha",  "Shiva's Path"), also known as Shivaism and Saivam, is one of the major branches of Sanathan Dharma (Hinduism), revering Shiva as the Supreme Being. Shiva is sometimes depicted as the fierce god Bhairava. Followers of Shaivam are called "Shaivas", "Saivas", "Shaivites", or "Saivarkal". They believe that Shiva is All and in all, the creator, preserver, destroyer, revealer and concealer of all that is. Shaivism, like some of the other forms of Hinduism, spread to other parts of Southeast Asia, including Java, Bali, and parts of the Southeast Asian continent, including Cambodia.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'harihara' with the relationship of 'instance of'.  Choices: - 25  - acharya  - aspect  - avatar  - bow  - buddhism  - christianity  - complex  - concept  - deity  - devanagari  - dialect  - divinity  - epic  - founder  - genre  - geographical  - god  - hindu scripture  - india  - language  - law  - line  - literature  - part  - path  - people  - period  - person  - prajapati  - principal  - principle  - range  - religion  - school  - script  - single  - song  - speech  - subcontinent  - term  - three  - tradition  - twin  - water  - word
A: