'Spider': John Coffey (pictured) was at head of a traveller family which avoided paying taxes and falsely claimed benefits totalling £600,000. Five members of a traveller family who avoided paying £500,000 in taxes and fraudulently claimed £100,000 in benefits were sentenced today. Husband and wife John and Brigid Coffey, and their children Michael, Mary and Helen were earning millions of pounds from two resurfacing and block paving businesses. While John and Michael Coffey deliberately laundered the money to avoid paying taxes, the female members of the family claimed thousands of pounds in benefits. This was despite the family owning valuable real estate and a number of expensive cars. John Coffey, 49, sat alongside Brigid, 51, Mary, 28, Helen 26, and Michael, 23, at Bristol Crown Court after pleading guilty to 20 tax evasion and other fraud offences between 2001 and 2008. The court heard the family, who lived in South Wales and Gloucestershire, dealt mostly in cash, with John and Michael Coffey only declaring an income of £250 a week between them. During a police interview, John Coffey claimed their money came from block paving, horses and 'general wheeling and dealing'. Judge David Ticehurst jailed John Coffey, whose tax evasion amounted to £450,000, for two years and nine months and was told he must repay the amount in full within 28 days. Michael Coffey, who avoided paying £50,000 in tax, was handed a sentence of 12 months imprisonment suspended for two years. He was also told he would have to repay the money. 'It’s individuals like you that give the travelling community a bad name,' Judge Ticehurst said. 'Criminal conduct like yours brings your community into disrepute and reinforces prejudice. None of us like paying taxes, but society functions on the fact that people pay money to the revenue. 'These taxes are used to fund hospitals, schools, nurses and roads. You, however, choose not to pay tax and to falsely claim benefits of which you were not entitled. 'What is overwhelmingly clear in this case is that each one of you is dishonest. There can be no excuses for your behaviour.' Lavish: The Coffey family's property portfolio included Ton Y Pill farm, which has tall gates and CCTV cameras. Conning the public purse: John Coffey (pictured, left, outside Bristol Crown Court) and his son Michael Coffey (right) laundered money from their paving and resurfacing businesses to avoid paying £500,000 in taxes. The court heard Brigid Coffey claimed £39,789 in benefits, while Helen Coffey claimed £14,544.40 and Mary Coffey a sum of £53,893.44. Brigid Coffey was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment, suspended for 18 months and ordered to complete 100 hours of unpaid work. Helen Coffey was handed a 12-month prison sentence also suspended for 18 months. She was told to complete 200 hours of unpaid work. Mary Coffey was given a suspended sentence of 12 months imprisonment and ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work. Compensation. orders were made in the amounts claimed by Brigid and Helen Coffey. while Judge Ticehurst adjourned making an order against Mary Coffey for. further representations to be made. 'Dishonest': Michael Coffey, pictured carrying a large holdall, was given a suspended prison sentence. Opening the case, Don Tait, prosecuting, said: 'All of the defendants in this case are members of the travelling community, living predominantly in South Wales and Gloucestershire. 'It is the Crown’s case that the family as a whole operated for most of their life on the fringe of society.' The family, who owned two Mercedes, an. Audi and a Mitsubishi pick-up, were able to pass almost £2million. through their 35 bank accounts by using false names and documents. In. one fraudulent house transfer, John Coffey hired two sets of solicitors. and acted the roles of both seller and purchaser simultaneously in. order to transfer property around the family in different names - making. it unclear who owned what. A. number of properties, including two farms in Peterstone Wentlooge,. Cardiff, a £500,000 house in West Drayton, Middlesex, and two houses in. Rumney, Cardiff, were registered to the family. Spared jail: Wife Brigid Coffey, who tried to conceal her identity (right) was given an 12-month suspended prison sentence for falsely claiming nearly £40,000 in benefits. They lived in Ton Y Pill Farm - a walled property, which boasted high gates and CCTV cameras. But the court heard it was not clear where the funds to buy the properties came from. The family also owned and used two plots at the Mount View Caravan Site in Naas Lane, Brookthorpe, near Gloucester. The properties were mostly paid for by cash or banker’s draft with no mortgages. The family ran two companies, B&B Welsh Paving and Sunset Drives and Landscapes Ltd, which provided driveway resurfacing services. Walked free: Helen Coffey (left) and her sister Mary (right) were given 12-month suspended prison sentences after fraudulently claiming £14,544.40 and £53,893.44 respectively. The latter was set up in 2006 as a front to deliberately conceal the extent of their business revenues, Mr Tait said. But investigations into the family’s bank accounts showed a vast turnover of money. 'The. family appeared to be awash with cash, invested in real estate and. vehicles, yet the female family members were claiming benefits using. subterfuge and non-declaration, said Mr Tait. The. family looked to invest in Spanish properties in the Costa del Sol and. Riviera del Sol, although they never completed on any of their plans to. buy. John Coffey was described by the judge as the 'spider' at the centre of a web of deceit. The court was told his son was just 12 years old when the family fraud began and 17 when he was first arrested in 2007. Addressing. the judge, Raymond Tully, defending Michael Coffey, said: 'It goes. almost without saying you are sentencing a son for crimes committed. together with his father at a time when he was of very tender years.' While the men avoided paying tax, the family women fraudulently claimed £100,000 in benefits. Unwelcome publicity: Helen Coffey, 26, makes an offensive gesture as she hides her face from photographers. The three women told authorities they had no savings or assets and claimed income support, housing and council tax benefit and money from a Social Fund Budgeting Loan. They used a variety of names and stories, on occasion claiming to be single parents who needed the money to buy clothing and footwear. Prithvijit Hoon, defending Brigid Coffey, said: 'One of the ethos of the travel community is the status of the wife being deferential towards her husband.' Christopher Quinlan, mitigating for John Coffey, said: 'Mr Coffey was running a business in respect to which work was done and money was paid. He did not declare that income in terms of tax. 'Mr Coffey is an industrious, hard-working man and the Revenue have got their money through his hard work.' The court heard £500,000 has already been restrained from the family’s bank accounts and is now subject to confiscation proceedings. In 2010 John Coffey and Michael Coffey pleaded guilty to two counts of fraudulently taking steps to divert money from HM Treasury or to deprive HM Treasury of money to which it was entitled. John Coffey also admitted two counts of knowingly using a false Irish driving licence. Facing justice: Mary Coffey (left) and Brigid Coffey (centre) outside Bristol Crown Court, where they were sentenced. Brigid Coffey pleaded guilty to five counts of making a false statement to obtain benefits, while mother-of-five Mary Coffey pleaded guilty to seven counts of making false statements. Helen Coffey, a mother of one, pleaded guilty in respect of an ongoing claim for income support, failing to notify the Department for Work and Pensions of her bank accounts with positive balances, and the fact that she was married. She also admitted making a false statement to obtain a Social Fund Budgeting Loan and two counts of providing the false name Helen Delaney to Cardiff Magistrates’ Court in October 2005 and April 2006. Officers from five police forces, HM Revenue and Customs and the Department for Work and Pensions worked together to bring the Coffeys to justice. Detective Chief Inspector Paul Shorrock, who led the investigation for Gloucestershire Police, said: 'The sentencing of the Coffey family marks the culmination of many years of work by literally hundreds of officers and officials. Covered up: Defendants John Coffey (left) and Helen Coffey (right) tried to hide their faces outside court. 'This family had been engaging in questionable financial and business activities for many years, until we collectively caught up with them.' Simon De Kayne, assistant director of criminal investigation, HM Revenue and Customs, said: 'The Coffeys blatantly evaded UK tax laws to selfishly steal around £500,000 of taxpayers’ money to fund their criminally gained lifestyles and expanding property portfolio. 'The sentencing shows HMRC, along with our partner agencies, will not only pursue and prosecute tax fraudsters but also seek to reclaim the proceeds of their crimes.' Andrew Biker, of CPS central fraud division, said: 'No income was ever declared by John Coffey to the Inland Revenue despite him working all his life in the tarmac and block paving industries. 'Even more money was made buying and selling cars and trading horses. 'The sheer number of bank accounts operated by the family and their ability to transfer significant funds between them fly in the face of their claims of illiteracy and ignorance of matters such as income tax. 'No matter how you earn money, paying tax matters. But denying the honest British public of their contribution to tax was not enough for the Coffeys who went further by setting out to take funds set aside for those who most need them. 'People can rest assured that the CPS will do all it can to deprive these criminals of their assets and put the money back where it belongs - into the public purse.'

Write highlights for this article.