Information:  - Kasseem Dean (born September 13, 1978), better known by his stage name Swizz Beatz, is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer from New York City, New York. Born and raised in The Bronx, he began his musical career as a disc jockey (DJ) and has since added rapper, producer, record executive, creative director and fashion designer, to his repertoire. At the age of 16, he gained recognition in the hip hop industry, through his friendship and work with East Coast rapper DMX and the Ruff Ryders Entertainment record label.  - J Records was an American major record label owned and operated by Sony Music Entertainment, and was distributed through the RCA Music Group. The label was founded in 2000 and was dissolved into RCA Records in 2011.  - "If I Ain't Got You" is a song recorded, written, and produced by American singer Alicia Keys for her second studio album, "The Diary of Alicia Keys". Inspired by the 2001 death of fellow R&B singer Aaliyah, the terrorist September 11 attacks in New York City, and other different events in the world and in Keys' life at that time, it is about "how material things don't feed the soul." Musically, the slow bluesy piano ballad features musicians Hugh McCracken on guitar and Steve Jordan on drums.  - The Diary of Alicia Keys is the second studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released in the United States on December 2, 2003 by J Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at various recording studios, and production was handled primarily by Keys with contributions from Kerry Brothers, Jr., Timbaland, Dwayne Wiggins, Dre & Vidal, Easy Mo Bee and Kanye West.  - Jeff Bhasker (also known as Billy Kraven and U.G.L.Y.) is an American record producer, songwriter, keyboardist, vocalist, and multi-instrumentalist. He collaborated with rapper and producer Kanye West on the albums "808s & Heartbreak", "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy", and "Watch the Throne". He has won Grammy Awards for the songs "Run This Town" by Jay-Z, "All of the Lights" by Kanye West, "We Are Young" by Fun, and "Uptown Funk" by Mark Ronson. Bhasker received the 2016 Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical for co-producing Mark Ronson's album "Uptown Special" and producing Nate Ruess's album "Grand Romantic" among other records.  - Alicia Augello Cook (born January 25, 1981), known by her stage name Alicia Keys, is an American singer, songwriter, pianist and actress. Keys released her debut album with J Records, having had previous record deals first with Columbia and then Arista Records. Keys' debut album, "Songs in A Minor" was released in 2001, producing her first "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one single "Fallin'", and selling over 12 million copies worldwide. The album earned Keys five Grammy Awards in 2002. Her sophomore album, "The Diary of Alicia Keys", was released in 2003, spawning successful singles "You Don't Know My Name", "If I Ain't Got You" and "Diary", and selling eight million copies worldwide. The duet song "My Boo" with Usher, scored her a second number-one single in 2004. The album garnered her an additional four Grammy Awards in 2005. Later that year, she released her first live album, "Unplugged", becoming the first woman to have an "MTV Unplugged" album debut at number one.  - A diary is a record (originally in handwritten format) with discrete entries arranged by date reporting on what has happened over the course of a day or other period. A personal diary may include a person's experiences, and/or thoughts or feelings, including comments on current events outside the writer's direct experience. Someone who keeps a diary is known as a diarist. Diaries undertaken for institutional purposes play a role in many aspects of human civilization, including government records (e.g. "Hansard"), business ledgers and military records. In British English, the word may also denote a preprinted journal format.  - Soul music (often referred to simply as soul) is a popular music genre that originated in the United States in the late 1950s and early 1960s. It combines elements of African-American gospel music, rhythm and blues and jazz. Soul music became popular for dancing and listening in the United States; where record labels such as Motown, Atlantic and Stax were influential in the civil rights era. Soul also became popular around the world, directly influencing rock music and the music of Africa.  - `` Does n't Mean Anything '' is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys . It written and produced by Keys and longtime partner Kerry `` Krucial '' Brothers for her fourth studio album , The Element of Freedom ( 2009 ) , with its lyrics speaking about the importance of love against materialism and fake needs . The track debuted on September 15 , 2009 , on Keys ' official website and was released as the album 's lead single the following month , It attained chart success in several territories , reaching the top ten in Belgium , Germany , Japan , Switzerland , and the United Kingdom , and although it did not experience success in the US , `` Does n't Mean Anything '' managed to reach number fourteen on the US Billboard Hot R&B / Hip - Hop Songs chart . This was her first lead single from a studio album to miss the Top 10 on the Hot 100 and R&B / Hip - Hop chart .  - The Element of Freedom is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Alicia Keys, released on December 11, 2009, by J Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during May to September 2009 at The Oven Studios in Long Island, New York. Production was handled by Keys, Jeff Bhasker, Swizz Beatz, Noah "40" Shebib, Toby Gad and Kerry "Krucial" Brothers. Departing from the classicist soul music of Keys' previous albums, "The Element of Freedom" has a mid-tempo, low-key sound and features mostly ballads.  - Songs in A Minor is the debut studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released in the United States on June 5, 2001 by J Records. After graduating from high school, Keys signed with Columbia Records to begin her music career. She recorded an album in 1998 under the label, which they rejected. Her contract subsequently ended with Columbia after a dispute with the label, and Keys later signed with Clive Davis. An accomplished, classically trained pianist, Keys wrote, arranged and produced a majority of the album, including "Jane Doe", which was the only song in the key of A minor.  - A pianist is an individual musician who plays the piano. Most forms of Western music can make use of the piano. Consequently, pianists have a wide variety of repertoire and styles to choose from, including traditionally classical music, Jazz, blues and all sorts of popular music, including rock music. Most pianists can, to a certain extent, play other keyboard-related instruments such as the synthesizer, harpsichord, celesta and the organ and keyboard. Perhaps the greatest pianist of all time was Franz Liszt, whose piano mastery was described by Anton Rubinstein: "In comparison with Liszt, all other pianists are children".   - Long Island is an island located just off the northeast coast of the United States and a region within the U.S. state of New York. Stretching east-northeast from New York Harbor into the Atlantic Ocean, the island comprises four counties: Kings and Queens (which comprise the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, respectively) to the west; then Nassau and Suffolk to the east. However, many people in the New York metropolitan area (even those living in Brooklyn and Queens) colloquially use the term "Long Island" (or "The Island") exclusively to refer to the NassauSuffolk county area collectively, which is mainly suburban in character. More generally, "Long Island" may also refer collectively both to the main Island as well as its nearby, surrounding outer barrier islands. North of the island is the Long Island Sound, across from which lie the states of Connecticut and a small part of Rhode Island across the Block Island Sound. Across the Sound, to the northwest, lies Westchester County on mainland New York. To the west, Long Island is separated from the Bronx and the island of Manhattan by the East River. To the extreme southwest, it is separated from the New York City borough of Staten Island and the U.S. state of New Jersey by Upper New York Bay, the Narrows, and Lower New York Bay. To the east lie Block Island and numerous smaller islands.  - Arista Records, Inc. was a major American record label. It was a wholly owned unit of Sony Music Entertainment and was previously handled by Bertelsmann Music Group. The company operated under the RCA Music Group until 2011. The label was founded in 1974 by Clive Davis, who formerly worked for CBS Records (which would become Sony Music Entertainment). Until its demise in 2011, it was a major distributor and promoter of albums throughout the United States and United Kingdom.  - A Grammy Award (originally called Gramophone Award), or Grammy, is an honor awarded by The Recording Academy to recognize outstanding achievement in the mainly English-language music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards (television), the Tony Awards (stage performance), and the Academy Awards (motion pictures).  - "You Don't Know My Name" is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys from her second studio album, "The Diary of Alicia Keys". Written by Keys, Kanye West and Harold Lilly, and produced by Keys and West, the track was released as the album's lead single in November 2003, and contains a sample from the 1975 song "Let Me Prove My Love to You", written by J. R. Bailey, Mel Kent, and Ken Williams and performed by The Main Ingredient.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'record label' with 'j records'.
A: