By. Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 13:32 EST, 8 November 2013. |. UPDATED:. 20:41 EST, 8 November 2013. Brooke Mueller's brother Scott has been awarded temporary guardianship of Charlie Sheen's twin sons Bob and Max. The news came after Denise Richards felt compelled to give up her guardianship of the four-year-old boys due to their 'violent behaviour' towards her daughters and pet dogs. According to TMZ, the Department of Children And Family Services signed off in court on Scott becoming a guardian and he will take charge of the children on Friday night. They are also now investigating allegations that someone hurt Bob in regards to a deep cut on his back. Keeping it in the family: Brooke Mueller's brother Scott has been awarded temporary guardianship of Charlie Sheen's twins. But in another twist to the increasingly complex family saga, Scott and the children will reportedly be 'moving in' with Brooke. Sources connected with the case told TMZ that the judge who granted the guardianship felt it was important for Bob and Max to stay in the same school. And with Scott residing in a 'far away' beachside community, 'the judge ruled he could move in with Brooke,' which would effectively give her custody. However, as the website reports, the Los Angeles Department of Children and Family Services has not yet given Brooke full custody rights, feeling the children should be 'reintroduced gradually,' following her drug problems. Blame game: Brooke is allegedly pointing the finger at Denise Richards for a cut on Bob's back. Brooke had apparently been set to regain full custody of the boys by Christmas. But now, Scott is allegedly set to be moving in to the house once purchased for Brooke by Sheen in his own gated community. TMZ is also reporting that DCFS have opened an investigation into allegations over Bob's injury, which allegedly happened on Denise Richards' watch and Brooke is blaming the Drop Dead Gorgeous star for the cut, that was deep enough to scab over. Social workers went to Bob's school and determined it had been there for more than a week, which means it could have happened while Bob was under Brooke's care, reported TMZ. DCFS then interviewed Denise, who said the cut had been there for more than a week. Taking charge: Brooke's brother Scott Mueller has been awarded temporary guardianship of twins Bob and Max. Scott has also requested '$55,000 in child support' from Sheen claim Radar. 'Scott. has formally notified Charlie Sheen’s lawyer he wants $55,000 in child. support because he has been appointed Bob and Max‘s temporary guardian,' a source close to the situation told the website. 'He. expects to be paid, immediately, even though Charlie already pays for. all of the boys expenses including their pre-school, doctors visits,. etc. During the time that Denise Richards was their guardian, she didn’t. ask Charlie for one dime in child support, she actually turned it. down.' The website reports that Brooke's. child support payments were recently cut in half due to her not being. 'their primary caregiver.' However, she will again be awarded the full $55,000 when she takes on full custody. Still angry: Charlie Sheen leaving court on Wednesday after he was ordered to stay 200 yards away from Brooke. According to TMZ, this is what Charlie has been telling friends about his troubled ex and her family:. 'This pig circus overflowing with buffoons, sycophants and heretics cannot be trusted to safely raise a colony of ferrets.' 'Brooke will fail and her brother [who lives by the beach] will be selling his ass under a pier and the evil nanny will die from ugly.' 'When, not if, this psychotic and desperately irresponsible sham goes sideways, DCFS will burn to the ground, topped off with the smoldering robe of the judge.' Denise,. 42, has been watching the boys as a favour to her ex-husband Charlie, 48. - who she divorced in 2006 - after Brooke, 36, went into rehab for the. 21st time earlier this year. But this week the former Bond girl wrote to the Los Angeles County. Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS) to inform them that. she can no longer look after the boys because of their violent. outbursts, according to TMZ. In a letter, the actress detailed how the twins. tried to strangle her own daughters Sam, nine; Lola, eight; and Eloise, two. She also. complained the twins relieved themselves in their maid's bathtub and. also tortured her dogs. On Wednesday, a judge put a restraining order on Charlie, asking him to not. go within 200 yards of his ex-wife Brooke, from whom he split in 2011. He. replied with a 'thank you'. Getaway: Denise Richards was seen arriving and leaving Charlie's home in her Mercedes on Thursday. Heading home: Denise was on her own as she left her ex-husband's Beverly Hills home. What's going on here?: This image is said to show Brooke Mueller arriving at Charlie's home after the meeting. According to RadarOnline,. Brooke would regain full custody of the boys by Christmas, after. impressing the Los Angeles County Department of Child and Family. Services with her commitment to getting sober and turning her life. around. A source told the. website: 'Brooke will be awarded custody of the boys by Christmas, as. long as she doesn’t relapse. She has been sober for several months. She. hasn’t had one dirty test. Harmony: Brooke and Charlie in 2009 on the red carpet at the Emmys. 'She. has done everything that has been asked of her by DCFS, so at this. point, there is absolutely no reason for Brooke not to get her boys. back.' On Monday, Brooke attempted to have. her lawyers remove Denise as guardian of the boys but that wasn't accepted. There have been conflicting reports. regarding the state of relations between the two women, with Brooke. accused of  'lashing out' at Richards during an emergency meeting over. the. custody of her twins on Thursday, it was claimed. Concerned. about Max and Bob, the. Los Angeles Department of Children & Family Services were reported to have brought her and the actor's second wife together to discuss the twins' future. But. Brooke is said to have. found the pressure of the meeting too much, becoming 'extremely. combative' and having a 'temper tantrum' directed at Richards during the. meeting, according to RadarOnline. A. source revealed to the site: 'Brooke was extremely combative and lashed. out at Denise. It came out of nowhere and was extremely inappropriate. It was probably the first time DCFS saw cracks in Brooke’s previously. cool demeanour. 'Brooke was having a temper tantrum because she felt Denise was making her look like a bad mother.' Another source had told Radar: 'The. meeting has been called in hopes of convincing Denise to keep the boys. for at least another three weeks until Brooke is scheduled to get them. back.' However, TMZ reported a different version of events - claiming that Brooke and Denise were 'cordial' with each other and are close to calling a truce. Whatever. happened inside the meeting, Brooke looked in good spirits and was seen. smiling as she left the face-to-face in a chauffeured. black Cadillac Escalade on Thursday. Keeping a schedule: Denise taking her daughters Sam, aged nine, and Lola, aged eight, to school on Wednesday. Denise. was apparently seen arriving and leaving Sheen's home in a car on. Thursday while Brooke was also spotted driving up to the house, it has. been claimed. This comes after Charlie posted a photo of a cake decorated with a grenade, which he said was made for the troubled socialite. The news of Scott Mueller being awarded custody comes just days after photographs emerged of Bob with severe bruising to his head. The shocking images show injuries on Bob's face, which it has been alleged in a document submitted to an LA court were sustained while the boy was in the care of his mother Brooke or his grandmother Moira Fiore. In one zoomed-in image,. reportedly taken by Denise, Bob returned from a weekend with Mueller and. Fiore on July 26, with a noticeable raw skin sore near the red. mark. When things were calmer: Charlie's ex wives in Malibu in 2012 with their children. The images have now been presented to the LA Department of Children and Family Services by Sheen's legal team. Sore: Bob's pictures, have allegedly been presented to LA Department of Children and Family Services by Sheen's legal team. Sources told. TMZ Charlie believed it was a burn, although Brooke insisted he had it. before he arrived at her home. An enraged Charlie said: 'These crimes against my children will be exposed. These. war criminals will be hanged at dusk to a cheering and jeering crowd,. gathered together in love in support of all children who are mercilessly. discarded like garbage by CPS. Which by the way stands for 'CAN'T. PROTECT S****.' He even quoted. his actor father Martin Sheen's famous film Apocalypse Now to describe the current. situation, whilst violating his gag order. Charlie allegedly told TMZ: 'I am beyond their timid lying morality, therefore I am beyond caring. 'What. my family and I are forced to deal with in the last four years, lives. outside the pale of any acceptable conduct or decency. 'I am battling an. amorphous enemy that needs to be swiftly disempowered.' Charlie also branded Brooke a ‘chubby weirdo’ following her failed. attempt to secure a restraining order against him in court on Monday. He. wrote on Twitter: ‘Oh, by the way, nice try this morning Brooke. You. are a chubby weirdo who will lose at every turn trying to get between me. and my boys (sic).’ According to TMZ, the petition claims Charlie said: ‘There will be a reckoning. There will be a whirlwind. That they will all reap while desperate begging for my forgiveness. You've all been warned. ‘I will exercise every resource at my. disposal. I will, I will, I will, I will empty my entire war chest and. if I can't get it done, I know a guy who can.’ She's changed: Brooke in February before her 21st visit to rehab (left) and sober in September (right)
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: