Article:
The googly written signature (pictured above) of brand-new Treasury Secretary nominee Jack Lew had already divided the pundit class: New York business blogger Kevin Roose called it "terrible." The Daily Caller and The Week agreed, calling the illegible autograph "horrible" and "awful." Our Atlantic colleague Derek Thompson deemed it "insane." But Ezra Klein thinks Lew's signature "would turn American currency into the best money ever." The reason Lew's signature is so important, of course, is that his John Hancock is about to appear on printed currency. Which, as some put it on Twitter, would be awesome: 
  
 Jack Lew, likely pick for Treasury Secretary, has an amazing signature. One that may soon be on our dollar bills. bit.ly/WtrGIr — Jeff J. Curley (@jeff_curley) January 9, 2013 
  
 Illegible: yes. Terrible: no. This designer likes how it looks. MT @nymag: Jack Lew's terrible signature. nym.ag/WzgTvV — Randi Hazan (@randihazan) January 9, 2013 
  
 This glorious John Hancock is about to grace our dollar bills. Epic troll, Jack Lew, epic troll. nym.ag/XkbOKL — Justin Pottle (@JustinPottle) January 9, 2013 
  
 More like awesome? RT @intelligencer: Jack Lew’s Terrible Signature May Grace Dollar Bills Now nym.ag/XkbOKL twitter.com/intelligencer/… — Samir Mezrahi (@samir) January 9, 2013 
  
 We'd have to agree, sort of. Lew's signature, though unreadable, isn't exactly chicken-scratch. It's logical. It flows. And its organic symmetry is reminiscent, vaguely, of the Guilloché patterns that decorate banknotes all over the world. 
  
 Unfortunately Ryan Lizza at the New Yorker spoiled the party this morning with a little context — if he falls in line with his predecessor, Lew might end up having to submit a better, more readable signature: 
  
 BREAKING: I'm told by a knowledgable source that Lew's signature might get upgraded the way Geithner's did: marketplace.org/topics/economy… — Ryan Lizza (@RyanLizza) January 9, 2013 
  
 Here's how current Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner's signature evolved: 
  
 Before: 
  
 After (on a twenty-dollar bill): 
  
 Aside from his confirmation, of course, the big (ridiculous) question now is whether Lew's signature — improved or otherwise — would adorn that theoretical, trillion-dollar platinum coin. 
  
 Want to add to this story? Let us know in comments or send an email to the author at jtrotter at theatlantic dot com. You can share ideas for stories on the Open Wire. 
  
 J.K. Trotter ||||| Jack Lew, President Obama's nominee for U.S. Treasury Secretary, will face many challenges if he is confirmed -- from increasing the debt ceiling to tackling budget cuts. 
  
 He may also have to change his signature. 
  
 If Lew, the current White House chief of staff, is confirmed by the Senate, his John Hancock will grace the lower right-hand side of each bill in your wallet. The only problem? Lew's signature can best be described as a series of circles and squiggles that bear no resemblance to the actual characters in his name. 
  
 Current Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner told Marketplace last year that he had to change his signature from a loopy version to something more legible when he submitted his signature to the Bureau of Printing and Engraving to print on currency notes. "I had to write something where people could read my name," he said in the interview. 
  
 In a press conference Thursday, Lew acknowledged their shared signature struggle. 
  
 "It was only yesterday that I discovered that we both share a common challenge with penmanship," he said. 
  
 Related: Obama to pick Jack Lew as Treasury Secretary 
  
 Obama said on Thursday that he hadn't seen Lew's signature until the day before. When he did, he said he considered rescinding his offer to appoint him. 
  
 "Jack assures me that he is going to work to make at least one letter legible in order not to debase our currency, should he be confirmed," Obama said. 
  
 Sheila Low, a handwriting expert and president of the American Handwriting Analysis Foundation, said Lew's current signature reminded her of a steamroller. 
  
 "From his signature, it seems to me that he'll put forth his ideas, and he'll keep going until he gets done what he wants to do." 
  
 The process of transferring the new secretary's signature can take three months. The bureau must first receive the signatures of the new secretary and the new treasurer. The bureau then creates a series of bills with new serial numbers and suffix letters. A new plate also has to be designed before they can begin printing the bills. 
  
 The signatures of the Treasury secretaries may seem like small potatoes, but they are required to be changed on currency notes in order to make the bills legal tender. ||||| This is Jack Lew's signature: 
  
  
  
  
  
 Seriously. That is really, honestly his signature. It has been confirmed. And if he's treasury secretary, that signature might begin appearing on legal currency. The Daily Intelligencer mocked up what that would look like: 
  
 Obviously, that would turn American currency into the best money ever. Unfortunately there's always the chance that Lew could ruin everything by making his signature less, well, loopy. That's what the fun destroyer Timothy Geithner did when he became treasury secretary. ||||| Obama's America. 
  
 Jack Lew, President Obama’s reported pick to replace outgoing Treasury secretary Tim Geithner, is known as a no-nonsense backroom negotiator with wonkish tendencies, who is admired on the left and grumbled about on the right. 
  
 A lesser-known but extremely pertinent fact about Lew is that he has the world’s worst signature. And pretty soon, that signature could be on every single one of your dollar bills. 
  
 If Lew is confirmed as Treasury secretary, his signature will occupy the lower-right-hand spot on U.S. paper currency. And that signature, which was widely mocked when it surfaced on a September 2011 memorandum, is legitimately crazy. 
  
 Here are some things it reminds us of: 
  
 – a Slinky that has lost its spring 
  
 – one of those Crazy Straws you get at Six Flags 
  
 – Sally Brown’s hair in Peanuts 
  
 – a slip of paper in Office Max that people use to try out new pens 
  
 Clearly, Lew will need to upgrade his penmanship, à la Geithner, before he even thinks about touching the dollar bill. Minting a trillion-dollar coin seems absolutely reasonable, as fiscal policy plans go, compared to having this childish loop-de-loop plastered all over the legal tender of the United States. ||||| UPDATED — 2:39 p.m. ET: 
  
 At Jack Lew’s nomination for Treasury secretary, President Barack Obama said that he had never noticed his chief of staff’s loopy signature before yesterday. 
  
 At the end of Thursday’s announcement, the president joked, “When this was highlighted yesterday in the press, I considered rescinding my offer to appoint him.” 
  
 The president told the country that Lew will follow Sec. Tim Geithner’s lead in changing his signature before signing bills. “Jack assures me that he is going to work to make at least one letter legible in order not to deface our currency should he be confirmed as secretary of the Treasury.” 
  
 On Wednesday, NBC News confirmed that current White House Chief of Staff Jack Lew had been nominated to succeed Timothy Geithner as Treasury secretary. 
  
 NBC also confirmed that Jack Lew’s signature is a series of looped scribbles that resembles the markings left on a notepad when you can’t seem to get your pen working. 
  
 As Treasury secretary, Lew’s signature will be printed on all bills minted during his tenure. 
  
 It turns out Sec. Geithner had a similarly illegible signature before being appointed. He however changed it prior to placing his John Hancock on all American currency minted under his watch. 
  
 In an interview with Marketplace’s Kai Ryssdal, Geithner said, “I had to write something where people could read my name.” Adding, “I didn’t try for elegance. I tried for clarity.” 
  
 In the same interview Geithner explained that he was in India for third grade, when he took handwriting class. 
  
 We are not sure what Jack Lew’s excuse is for having what Andrea Mitchell said “might be the world’s worst signature.” 
  
 It remains to be seen whether Lew will follow Geithner’s lead in reworking his signature, but imagine the signature in its current state on every crisp new dollar bill in America. ||||| You've probably got a dollar or two in your pocket with Timothy Geithner's signature on it. But the Treasury Secretary's John Hancock wasn't always, shall we say, legible. He had to change his autograph from this to this when his signature was added to the storied list of those featured on our nation's currency. 
  
 Marketplace host Kai Ryssdal squeezed this curious detail out of Geithner during his exclusive interview Thursday afternoon in San Francisco, which airs Friday on Marketplace. 
  
 Kai Ryssdal: I gotta ask you about your handwriting. Is it true that this used to be your signature and you changed it into that chicken scratch? Timothy Geithner: Yes it is true. Ryssdal: And why would you do that? Geithner: You mean from this to that ? Ryssdal: Yeah. Geithner: You mean you like this one ? I thought you liked the one on the one dollar bill . Ryssdal: No, that one is horrible. I like that one . Geithner: Well, I think on the dollar bill I had to write something where people could read my name. That’s the rationale. Ryssdal: Really? Geithner: I didn’t try for elegance. I tried for clarity. Ryssdal: 'Cause you know Mrs. Quiggly, my 1st grade teacher, she would have given me the big F on that one. Geithner: Well, I took handwriting in the third grade in New Delhi, India, so I probably did not get the best instruction on handwriting. 
  
 Some might say both versions are better than that of some of the past signatures featured on U.S. Currency, as seen here. 
  
 Learn more about Geithner and listen to our full interview with the Treasury Secretary here. |||||Summary: