Given the task definition and input, reply with output. In this task, you are given text for US Congressional and California state bills, your task is to generate a summary for this bill.

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

    This Act may be cited as the ``National Cyber Security Leadership 
Act of 2003''.

SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

    Congress makes the following findings:
            (1) Federal agencies rely on networked computer systems to 
        deliver critical services and information to the American 
        people, including operations related to national defense, 
        emergency services, tax collection, and the payment of 
        benefits.
            (2) There has been an astonishing increase in cyber threats 
        to government and industry in recent years. The number of cyber 
        attacks on Federal Government systems in 2001 was 71 percent 
        greater than the number of such attacks on such systems in 
        2000.
            (3) Cyber attacks can cause irreparable harm in network 
        systems, including the loss or dissemination of sensitive and 
        important data. Cyber attacks can also reduce the confidence of 
        the American people in the integrity and security of the 
        Internet.
            (4) There is mounting evidence to suggest that terrorists 
        view the Internet as a tool to achieve their goals. Government 
        investigators found that al Qaeda operatives browsed Internet 
        sites that offered software describing the digital switches 
        that control power, water, transport, and communications grids.
            (5) The Bush Administration has recognized in its draft 
        National Strategy to Secure Cyberspace ``the pressing need to 
        make federal cyberspace security a model for the nation''.
            (6) All but a few Federal agencies continue to receive 
        failing grades for their cyber security programs.
            (7) Federal agencies must take significant steps to better 
        protect themselves against cyber attacks, including--
                    (A) identifying significant vulnerabilities in 
                their computer networks and the tools needed to detect 
                such vulnerabilities;
                    (B) monitoring for new vulnerabilities in their 
                computer networks, and assessing risks of cyber 
                attacks;
                    (C) testing computers against identified 
                vulnerabilities; and
                    (D) ensuring that computers and networks are 
                adequately protected against such vulnerabilities.

SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS.

    In this Act:
            (1) Chief information officer.--The term ``Chief 
        Information Officer'', with respect to an agency, means the 
        official designated as the Chief Information Officer of the 
        agency pursuant to section 3506(a)(2) of title 44, United 
        States Code.
            (2) Vulnerability.--The term ``vulnerability'', in the case 
        of information technology, means an error or defect in coding, 
        configuration, or installation of such information technology 
        that increases its susceptibility to a cyber threat.
            (3) Other definitions.--Except as otherwise provided in 
        this section, any term used in this Act which is defined in 
        section 3502 of title 44, United States Code, shall have the 
        meaning given that term in such section 3502.

SEC. 4. ELIMINATION OF SIGNIFICANT VULNERABILITIES OF FEDERAL 
              GOVERNMENT INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.

    (a) In General.--The Chief Information Officer of each agency 
shall--
            (1) identify the significant vulnerabilities of the 
        information technology of such agency, including--
                    (A) vulnerabilities of such classes of information 
                technology of such agency as the Chief Information 
                Officer shall designate for purposes of this section; 
                and
                    (B) vulnerabilities of the information technology 
                of such agency as a whole;
            (2) establish performance goals for eliminating the 
        significant vulnerabilities of the information technology of 
        such agency identified under paragraph (1), with such 
        performance goals--
                    (A) to be established utilizing the current state 
                of the information technology of such agency as a 
                baseline;
                    (B) to be stated both for particular classes of 
                information technology of such agency (as determined 
                under paragraph (1)(A)) and for the information 
                technology of such agency as a whole; and
                    (C) to be expressed as target ratios of 
                vulnerabilities per information technology;
            (3) procure or develop tools to identify and eliminate the 
        vulnerabilities identified under paragraph (1) in order to 
        achieve the performance goals established under paragraph (2);
            (4) train personnel of such agency in the utilization of 
        tools procured or developed under paragraph (3);
            (5) not less often than once each quarter, test the 
        information technology of such agency to determine the extent 
        of the compliance of the information technology with the 
        performance goals established under paragraph (3); and
            (6) to the extent that the information technology of such 
        agency does not comply with the performance goals established 
        under paragraph (3), promptly develop and implement a plan to 
        eliminate significant vulnerabilities in the information 
        technology in order to achieve compliance with such performance 
        goals.
    (b) Annual Report on Activities.--
            (1) Requirement.--The Chief Information Officer of each 
        agency shall include information on its activities under 
        subsection (a) in each annual report submitted to the Director 
        of the Office of Management and Budget under section 3545(e) of 
        title 44, United States Code (as amended by section 301(b) of 
        the Federal Information Security Management Act of 2002 (title 
        III of Public Law 107-347)).
            (2) Form.--The form of information submitted under 
        paragraph (1) shall be specified by the Director of the Office 
        of Management and Budget.
    (c) Governmentwide Standards.--
            (1) Review by nist.--The Director of the Office of 
        Management and Budget shall ensure the review by the Director 
        of the National Institute of Standards and Technology of the 
        annual reports submitted under subsection (b) in the first year 
        after the date of the enactment of this Act.
            (2) Guidelines.--Not later than 180 days after receiving 
        annual reports for review under paragraph (1), the Director of 
        the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall 
        develop and make available to the Chief Information Officers of 
        the agencies governmentwide guidelines for use in complying 
        with subsection (a). The guidelines shall--
                    (A) identify vulnerabilities of information 
                technology common to the agencies; and
                    (B) describe means of eliminating such 
                vulnerabilities, including the use of checklists 
                pursuant to section 8(c) of the Cyber Security Research 
                and Development Act (Public Law 107-305).
            (3) Mandatory use.--
                    (A) Designation of vulnerabilities.--The Director 
                of the National Institute of Standards and Technology 
                shall designate as a result of the review under 
                paragraph (1) any significant vulnerabilities of 
                information technology of such broad applicability and 
                severity so as to warrant the mandatory use of the 
                guidelines developed under paragraph (2) with respect 
                to such vulnerabilities.
                    (B) Mandatory use.--The Secretary of Commerce 
                shall, using the authority available to the Secretary 
                under section 11331(b) of title 40, United States Code, 
                mandate the use by the agencies of guidelines developed 
                under paragraph (2) with respect to vulnerabilities 
                designated under subparagraph (A).
                    (C) Use and exception.--Each agency shall use a 
                standard mandated under subparagraph (B) unless the 
                Chief Information Officer of such agency determines, 
                with the concurrence of the Director of the National 
                Institute of Standards and Technology, that the use of 
                such guideline by such agency would not increase the 
                security of the information technology covered by such 
                standard.

SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.

    (a) Authorization of Appropriations.--There is authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out the provisions of this Act amounts as 
follows:
            (1) For the Department of Commerce for the National 
        Institute of Standards and Technology, $1,000,000 for fiscal 
        year 2004 to develop the guidelines required by section 4(c).
            (2) For each agency, such sums as may be necessary for such 
        agency for fiscal years 2004 through 2008 to carry out the 
        provisions of this Act.
    (b) Availability.--The amount authorized to be appropriated by 
subsection (a)(1) shall remain available until expended.

SEC. 6. EFFECTIVE DATE.

    This Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment 
of this Act.