Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Mesa, Arizona. (Reuters) 
  
 In the news lull before much of America takes off for Christmas, Donald Trump's use of the word "schlonged" to describe Hillary Clinton's 2008 primary loss seized the public's imagination — or, according to our analysis of Google data, the imagination of that dismal subsection of the public that cares about politics. 
  
 The subtext of it all was that the term appeared to be a crass reference to the male anatomy. Or was it, as Trump suggested on his personal newswire (Twitter) on Tuesday night, just a term for losing an election badly? 
  
 For those on TV defending my use of the word "schlonged," bc #MSM is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. Dishonest #MSM — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2015 
  
 Trump also retweeted political analyst Jeff Greenfield's defense of the term, in which Greenfield declared that the term is "a commonplace NY way of saying: 'I lost big time.'" 
  
 On further review, Trump is right on this. "I got schlonged" is a commonplace NY way of saying: "I lost big time," w/out genital reference. — Jeff Greenfield (@greenfield64) December 23, 2015 
  
 To be perfectly clear, the expression is by no means "commonplace" — in New York or elsewhere. It has never appeared in the New York Times (prior to this week) and does not appear to have been used in any New York paper early in the 20th century. It doesn't appear in Irving Lewis Allen's 1993 book, "The City in Slang," which documents any number of lesser-known expressions that trickled out of New York City. And, as a point of personal privilege, it's not something that I'm familiar with, having grown up upstate and lived in the city for most of the past decade. 
  
 But it has popped up a few times, as The Post's Justin Moyer reported on Tuesday, including one usage in the exact same context — and in an interview with The Fix's very own Chris Cillizza. 
  
 In March of 2011, Cillizza was interviewed by NPR's Neil Conan to discuss the then-recent death of 1984 Democratic vice presidential nominee Geraldine Ferraro. Conan, who was born in Beirut but grew up in New York City, used the expression to describe the outcome of that race, which Ferraro and Walter Mondale lost overwhelmingly. 
  
 CONAN: Chris Cillizza, that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls, but that's a historic moment. CILLIZZA: Absolutely historic moment, Neal, but as you point out, lost 49 states. The only state that that ticket won, which was led by Walter Mondale, was his home state of Minnesota. 
  
 A veritable schlonging. (The word didn't impress itself upon Cillizza at the time, he said over email Tuesday evening, nor does it seem to have fazed him during the interview.) 
  
 There are other examples, pointed out by linguist Ben Zimmer in an article at Politico. He also notes that Google's index of books turns up some examples, such as from "Welcome, Sinner" by Richard Posner, published in 1974. 
  
 Slang like "schlonged" wouldn't normally crop up in written journalism, of course. That it appears in a radio broadcast, where editing is trickier, isn't really a surprise. Conan, like Trump, is in his late 60s, suggesting that there may be a generational aspect to its use. Lots of words that were common and unremarkable decades ago are now viewed as disrespectful or inappropriate, of course, but Trump, it seems, might well be right. 
  
 We have to point out how Cillizza's remarks in that 2011 "Talk of the Nation" segment end. He compares Ferraro's uniqueness as a candidate to another candidate who gave it a shot only three years before Chris was speaking. 
  
 "[G]roundbreaking in its way," Cllizza said, "but one fascinating tidbit: We still don't have a woman president, and we had a female, obviously, nominee, with Hillary Clinton, and she lost the nomination." 
  
 She got beaten very badly, in fact. If I were a few decades older, there's a term I might use. 
  
 This post has been updated with the additions from Zimmer. ||||| Nearly 24 hours after he said that Hillary Clinton had been "schlonged" by Barack Obama during her failed 2008 presidential campaign, Donald Trump took to Twitter to defend his comments. 
  
 Schlonged, the Republican businessman said in a tweet, was not a vulgar reference to a penis. Instead, he argued, he meant "beaten badly." 
  
 Once again, #MSM is dishonest. "Schlonged" is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got "schlonged" that meant beaten badly. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2015 
  
 Trump went on to defend his comments, saying that NPR's Neal Conan had once used the phrase to refer to the trouncing at the polls that the Walter Mondale-Geraldine Ferraro presidential ticket received in the 1984 election. 
  
 NPR's @NealConan said "schlonged" to WaPo re: 1984 Mondale/Ferraro campaign: "That ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls." #Hypocrisy — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2015 
  
 Earlier in the day, NPR posted audio of those comments. 
  
 Conan tweeted Tuesday evening that while the Mondale-Ferraro ticket got "schlonged," Clinton came "very close to the nomination." 
  
 @jaketapper Just wanted to point out that Senator Clinton came very close to the nomination; Mondale/Ferraro ticket got schlonged. — Neal Conan (@nealconan) December 23, 2015 
  
 During a campaign rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Monday night, Trump used the word "schlonged" to describe Clinton's primary loss to then-candidate Barack Obama in 2008. 
  
 "She was favored to win and she got schlonged, she lost," he said on Monday night. 
  
 Many news outlets suggested that Trump was drawing a reference to a penis. 
  
 Trump's comments were rebuked by many, including Twitter users who called Trump's language "degrading." 
  
 We are not responding to Trump but everyone who understands the humiliation this degrading language inflicts on all women should. #imwithher — Jennifer Palmieri (@jmpalmieri) December 22, 2015 
  
 Clinton herself has not commented on the remarks. But during a campaign rally in Keota, Iowa, she said no one should be allowed to "bully his way into the presidency. Because that is not who we are as Americans." ||||| COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa — Bernie Sanders stood up for Hillary Clinton and debate bathroom breaks Tuesday night, as part of a rollicking rendition of his stump speech on the campus of Iowa Western Community College. 
  
 Donald Trump "has discovered that women go to the bathroom and it's very upsetting for him," Sanders told a large crowd of laughing college students. 
  
 He then read a verbatim version of Trump's "Don’t say it, it’s disgusting" take on Clinton's bathroom break during Saturday's Democratic presidential debate in Manchester, New Hampshire. 
  
 "He must have a very unusual relationship with women," Sanders said. 
  
 He noted that he too took a pit stop at the debate. 
  
 "I also went to the bathroom," he said. "I've got to admit it." Sanders noted that his trip didn't get Trump's attention. |||||  
  
 Bernie Sanders speaks during a Democratic presidential debate on Saturday in Manchester, N.H. (AP Photo/Jim Cole) 
  
 COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa — Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders ratcheted up his criticism Tuesday of Republican front-runner Donald Trump, calling him a “coward billionaire” and mocking him for talking about Hillary Clinton’s trip to the restroom during the past presidential debate. 
  
 “He has discovered that women go to the bathroom, and it’s been very upsetting to him,” the senator from Vermont said of the real-estate mogul during a rally here that drew about 1,800 people. “This is a guy who wants to be president of the United States. He must have a very unusual relationship with women.” 
  
 Sanders was referring to Trump’s recounting Monday of Clinton’s late return to the Democratic debate stage following a commercial break Saturday night. 
  
 Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump remarked on Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton's brief absence from the debate stage on Dec. 19 saying, "Where did she go? I thought she quit." (Reuters) 
  
 "I know where she went — it's disgusting, I don't want to talk about it," Trump told a crowd in Grand Rapids, Mich. "No, it's too disgusting. Don't say it, it's disgusting." 
  
 [Donald Trump says Clinton’s bathroom break during the debate is ‘too disgusting’ to talk about] 
  
 Sanders shared with his audience that “I was there at that debate that happened Saturday night” in Manchester, N.H. 
  
 “Now I’ve got to be honest with you. I’ve got to be honest with you,” Sanders said, speaking in a mocking tone. “I also went to the bathroom. I know, I have to admit it. … This is the pathology. This is the guy who is leading in the Republican polls.” 
  
 Earlier in his hour-long remarks, Sanders also took aim at Trump for his hard-line position on immigration and his recent proposal to ban all Muslims temporarily from coming into the country. Sanders also lambasted Trump for his objection to raising the minimum wage and his advocacy of tax breaks for high-income earners. 
  
 [Clinton, Sanders both say the other might raise more money. So please help. And soon.] 
  
 “You try to divide the American people up, you try to get us to hate Mexicans, to hate Muslims,” Sanders said. “You keep the minimum wage low and you give huge tax breaks to millionaires. Mr. Trump, that is not what makes America great.” 
  
 Sanders’s appearance here came on the second day of a three-day swing through Iowa, the nation’s first caucus state. The state is key to Sanders’s fate. He has been leading in polls in New Hampshire, the second nominating state, but he has been trailing Clinton, former secretary of state, in Iowa. 
  
 Sanders plans to return to Iowa next week for another three-day swing. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?