Information:  - A record producer or music producer oversees and manages the sound recording and production of a band or performer's music, which may range from recording one song to recording a lengthy concept album. A producer has many roles during the recording process. The roles of a producer vary. He or she may gather musical ideas for the project, collaborate with the artists to select cover tunes or original songs by the artist/group, work with artists and help them to improve their songs, lyrics or arrangements.   - The UK Singles Chart (currently entitled Official Singles Chart) is compiled by the Official Charts Company (OCC), on behalf of the British record industry, listing the top-selling singles in the United Kingdom, based upon physical sales, paid-for downloads and streaming. To be eligible for the chart, a single is currently defined by the Official Charts Company (OCC) as either a 'single bundle' having no more than four tracks and not lasting longer than 25 minutes or one digital audio track not longer than 15 minutes with a minimum sale price of 40 pence. The rules have changed many times as technology has developed, the most notable being the inclusion of digital downloads in 2005 and streaming in 2014.  - Greece (' ), officially the Hellenic Republic (Greek: ' ), historically also known as Hellas ("" ), is a country in southeastern Europe.  Greece's population is approximately 10.955 million as of 2015. Athens is the nation's capital and largest city, followed by Thessaloniki.  - Tamta Goduadze, known simply as Tamta, is a Greek pop singer of Georgian descent, famous in Greece and Cyprus for her participation in Super Idol Greece, in which she placed second, and for her later singles such as "Ftes" (Faraway, originally performed by Gala), Agapw (Wanna Play originally performed by RBD), "Den Telionei Etsi I Agapi", "Agapise Me", and "Tonight".  - Yassou Maria is the song that was sung by Sarbel, who represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007. It was released as a CD single on March 7, 2007 by Sony BMG Greece. The title track is composed by Alex Papaconstantinou and Marcus Englöf with lyrics by "Mack". "Yassou Maria" went gold in Greece on the June 7, 2007.  - Sarbel Michael (born 14 May 1983) known professionally as Sarbel, is a Greek Cypriot pop singer of partial Greek Cypriot and Lebanese ancestry. He is well known in Cyprus, Greece and parts of the Arab world for his debut single, "Se Pira Sovara", and his subsequent albums "Parakseno sinesthima", "Sahara" and "Kati san esena". e represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with "Yassou Maria" which peaked at number one in Cyprus and Greece, and appeared on the UK Singles Chart.  - "My Number One" is the 2005 winning song of the 50th Eurovision Song Contest being the 2005 Eurovision entrant for Greece performed by Elena Paparizou credited as Helena Paparizou. Written by Christos Dantis with English language lyrics co-written by Natalia Germanou, "My Number One" awarded the first victory to Greece in Eurovision.  - Agapise Me is the second studio album by Greek pop singer and Super Idol contestant Tamta. It was released on May 16, 2007 by Minos EMI. The album was repackaged in early 2008 with Tamta's CD Single "Mia Stigmi Esi Ki Ego/Ela Sto Rhythmo".  - The Eurovision Song Contest, sometimes popularly called Eurovision but not to be confused with the Eurovision network that broadcasts it, is the longest-running annual international TV song competition, held, primarily, among the member countries of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) since 1956. The competition was based upon the existing Sanremo Music Festival held in Italy since 1951.  - The Eurovision Song Contest 2007 was the 52nd edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It was won by first-time appearance as an independent country Serbia and was held at the Hartwall Areena in Helsinki, Finland from 10 May to 12 May. The host broadcaster was Yle.  - Eleni "Elena" Paparizou (, born 31 January 1982), usually referred to abroad as Helena Paparizou, is a Greek-Swedish singer, songwriter and television personality. Born and raised in Sweden to Greek parents, she enrolled in various arts schools before launching a career in Sweden in 1999 as a member of the laïko (Greek folk music) and Eurodance duo Antique, who participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 and afterwards became popular in Greece.  - A multi-instrumentalist is a musician who plays two or more musical instruments at a professional level. Multi-instrumentalists who play closely related instruments, a practice known as doubling are common in orchestra (e.g., flute players who double on piccolo and percussion players, who play snare drum, cymbals, bass drum, etc.), in jazz (e.g., saxophone players who double on clarinet or flute; or double bass players who also play electric bass); in music theatre pit orchestras (e.g., reed players who are required to play numerous reed instruments); and in other areas of classical music (e.g., church piano players are often expected to play the church's pipe organ or Hammond organ as well). Popular music composers and songwriters are often multi-instrumentalists. In pop and rock, it is more common than in classical or jazz for performers to be multi-instrumentalists on instruments that are not from the same family: it is common for pop and rock musicians to play both guitar and keyboards. Many bluegrass musicians are multi-instrumentalists. Some musicians' unions or associations specify a higher rate of pay for musicians who double on two or more instruments for a performance or recording.  - A songwriter is an individual who writes the lyrics, melodies and chord progressions for songs, typically for a popular music genre such as rock or country music. A songwriter can also be called a composer, although the latter term tends to be used mainly for individuals from the classical music genre. The pressure from the music industry to produce popular hits means that songwriting is often an activity for which the tasks are distributed between a number of people. For example, a songwriter who excels at writing lyrics might be paired with a songwriter with a gift for creating original melodies. Pop songs may be written by group members from the band or by staff writers  songwriters directly employed by music publishers. Some songwriters serve as their own music publishers, while others have outside publishers.  - RBD was a Mexican musical group that gained popularity from Televisa's teen series "Rebelde", and found international success from 2004 until their separation in 2009. RBD has sold over 20 million records 2 million albums in the United States, making them the most successful Latin pop group of all time.  - Finland , officially the Republic of Finland, is a sovereign state in Northern Europe. A peninsula with the Gulf of Finland to the south and the Gulf of Bothnia to the west, the country has land borders with Sweden to the northwest, Norway to the north, and Russia to the east. Estonia is south of the country across the Gulf of Finland. Finland is a Nordic country situated in the geographical region of Fennoscandia, which also includes Scandinavia. Finland's population is 5.5 million (2014), staying roughly on the same level over the past two decades. The majority of the population is concentrated in the southern region. In terms of area, it is the eighth largest country in Europe and the most sparsely populated country in the European Union.  - A lyricist or lyrist is a person who writes lyricswords for songsas opposed to a composer, who writes the song's melody.  - Serbia, officially the Republic of Serbia, is a sovereign state situated at the crossroads of Central and Southeast Europe, covering the southern part of the Pannonian Plain and the central Balkans. Relative to its small territory, it is a diverse country distinguished by a "transitional" character, situated along cultural, geographic, climatic and other boundaries. Serbia is landlocked and borders Hungary to the north; Romania and Bulgaria to the east; Macedonia to the south; and Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, and Montenegro to the southwest; it also claims a border with Albania through the disputed territory of Kosovo. Serbia numbers around 7 million residents, and its capital, Belgrade, ranks among the largest cities in Southeast Europe.  - Christos Dantis (born Christos Vlahakis, 26 September 1966), is a Greek multi-instrumentalist singer, songwriter, lyricist, and record producer best known for his hits such as "To Palio Mou Palto" and "Ena Tragoudi Akoma" and later for composing and co-writing the song "My Number One" for Elena Paparizou, winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 for Greece.  - `` With Love '' is a song by the Georgian - Greek singer Tamta . The song was Tamta 's entry in a three way race with Christos Dantis and Sarbel to be Greece 's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 . On February 28 , 2007 , Greece chose Sarbel 's `` Yassou Maria '' .  - Cyprus , officially the Republic of Cyprus, is an island country in the Eastern Mediterranean and the third largest and third most populous island in the Mediterranean. It is located south of Turkey, west of Syria and Lebanon, northwest of Israel and Palestine, north of Egypt, and southeast of Greece.  - Yleisradio Oy (Finnish), also known as Rundradion (Swedish) or the Finnish Broadcasting Company (English), abbreviated to Yle (pronounced ; previously stylised as YLE before March 2012 corporate rebrand), is Finland's national public-broadcasting company, founded in 1926. It is a public limited company which is 99.98% owned by the Finnish state, and employs around 3,200 people in Finland. Yle shares many of its organizational characteristics with its UK counterpart, the BBC, on which it was largely modelled.    What entity does 'with love ' has the relation 'record label' with?
The answer to this question is: