Image caption The eastern city of Deir al-Zour has seen fierce fighting since the uprising began 
  
 Rebels have attacked a village in eastern Syria, killing dozens of Shia Muslim residents, most of them pro-government fighters, activists say. 
  
 The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) said at least 60 people died in Hatla on Tuesday. 
  
 The attack appeared to be retaliation for a raid on a rebel position by people from the village, it added. 
  
 Meanwhile, a government helicopter has reportedly fired three missiles at the northern Lebanese border town of Arsal. 
  
 Lebanese officials said one of the missiles had struck the town centre, and that a woman and her daughter were slightly hurt. 
  
 Arsal is a predominantly Sunni town about 15km (9 miles) from the Syrian border that is home to some 27,000 Syrian refugees. 
  
 It was used as a staging-post by Syrian rebels during the recent battle for the strategically important town of Qusair. 
  
 Qusair was recaptured by the army last week with help from the Lebanese Shia Islamist movement, Hezbollah. 
  
 The situation in the village is quiet and the [rebel] Free Syrian Army is in full control Thaer al-Deiry, Activist in Deir al-Zour province 
  
 'Apostate rejectionists' 
  
 According to activists, the fighting in Hatla, a predominantly Shia village just to the east of the city of Deir al-Zour, started after pro-government Shia militiamen mounted an attack on a nearby rebel position on Monday, killing at least two opposition fighters. 
  
 The rebels then massed for an attack and overran Hatla the next day. The SOHR reported that 60 Shia residents were killed, most of them fighters who had been armed by the government a few weeks earlier. 
  
 At least 10 rebels were killed in the fighting on Tuesday, and surviving Shia residents of Hatla were forced to flee to nearby Jafra, it added. 
  
 The London-based Syrian Network of Human Rights also said 60 people had been killed, while an activist in Deir al-Zour province, Thaer al-Deiry, confirmed the rebel attack had been in retaliation for an earlier raid. 
  
 "The situation in the village is quiet and the [rebel] Free Syrian Army is in full control," he told the Associated Press. 
  
 Image caption A video posted online on Tuesday purportedly showed jihadist rebel fighters in Hatla 
  
 A video posted online on Tuesday, entitled The Storming And Cleansing of Hatla, showed dozens of gunmen carrying the black flags associated with jihadist groups, celebrating and firing weapons in the streets of a small town. 
  
 "We have raised the banner [saying] 'There is no God but God' above the houses of the apostate rejectionists, the Shia, and the holy warriors are celebrating," the cameraman says, according to the Reuters news agency. 
  
 "This is a Sunni area. It does not belong to other groups," one fighter shouts in the video. 
  
 A government official in Damascus said the rebels had "carried out a massacre against villagers in which older people and children were killed". 
  
 Hezbollah said Shia clerics, their wives and children had been among those killed in what it called an act of sectarian cleansing, inspired by prominent Sunni clerics in the region who have issued calls for Sunnis to go to Syria to join the battle against President Bashar al-Assad. 
  
 The BBC's Jim Muir in Beirut says the incident has underlined the deepening sectarian nature of the struggle in Syria. 
  
 The two-year-old conflict pits rebels who are mostly from the majority Sunni community against government forces led by Mr Assad's Alawite sect, a heterodox offshoot of Shia Islam. 
  
 Meanwhile, UK Foreign Secretary William Hague is to travel to Washington on Wednesday for talks with his US counterpart John Kerry to discuss the West's response to the continued bloodshed, including whether to begin supplying the rebels with weapons. 
  
 On Tuesday, French foreign ministry spokesman Philippe Lalliot said the conflict in Syria was "at a turning point". 
  
 "What should we do under these conditions to reinforce the opposition armed forces? We have had these discussions with our partners, with the Americans, the Saudis, the Turks, many others." 
  
 "We cannot leave the opposition in the current state," he added. 
  
 More than 80,000 people have been killed and 1.6 million have fled to neighbouring countries since the uprising against Mr Assad began in March 2011, according to the UN. ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. ||||| BEIRUT Sunni Muslim insurgents have killed about 60 Shi'ite Muslims in a rebel-held eastern Syrian town where President Bashar al-Assad's agents had been trying to recruit and arm fighters for his cause, according to opposition sources on Wednesday. 
  
 The attack was another sign of how a revolt that began more than two years ago with peaceful protests against four decades of Assad family rule is descending into sectarian bloodshed. 
  
 A video posted online by rebels on Tuesday, entitled "The storming and cleansing of Hatla" showed dozens of gunmen carrying black Islamist flags celebrating and firing guns in the streets of a small town as smoke curled above several buildings. 
  
 "We have raised the banner 'There is no God but God' above the houses of the apostate rejectionists, the Shi'ites, and the holy warriors are celebrating," the voice of the cameraman says. 
  
 In the Damascus area, rebels reported that 27 of their comrades had been killed in an ambush near the town of al-Maraj. 
  
 Video uploaded by activists showed victims shot in the face or head. The camera scanned over several bloodied and dirt-coated corpses as men called out for help washing the bodies. 
  
 Musaab Abu Qutada, an opposition activist, said the men had been trying to break through a military blockade to bring supplies into rebel strongholds in suburbs of the capital. 
  
 Assad's forces, backed by the Lebanese Shi'ite group Hezbollah, won a significant victory by seizing the border town of Qusair last week and are now believed to be preparing offensives on rebel-held areas near Damascus and Aleppo. 
  
 Many of the fighters involved in the Hatla attack were said to be from the al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front. Hardline Sunni groups often refer to Shi'ites as rejectionists because they deny the legitimacy of the Prophet Mohammad's first successors. 
  
 "This is a Sunni area, it does not belong to other groups," one fighter shouted in the video purportedly filmed in the town of Hatla in the eastern province of Deir al-Zor. 
  
 The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a pro-opposition monitoring group that has reported abuses on both sides of the conflict, put the death toll in Tuesday's attack at 60, saying most victims were pro-Assad Shi'ite militiamen. Assad's minority Alawite sect is rooted in Shi'ite Islam. Most rebels are Sunnis. 
  
 The Observatory said many Shi'ite civilians, a minority in the mixed town of Hatla, had fled elsewhere in the province. 
  
 ANTI-HEZBOLLAH PROTESTS 
  
 The conflict in Syria has stoked Sunni-Shi'ite tensions in the region, with Iran and Hezbollah supporting Assad, and Sunni-ruled nations such as Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar backing the rebels. Sunni militants have also poured in to help the rebels. 
  
 Dozens of Kuwaitis gathered outside the Lebanese Embassy in Kuwait late on Tuesday to protest against Hezbollah's role in Syria. Protesters burned a picture of Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah, a photo published in local media showed. 
  
 "The mujahideen in Lebanon are preparing ... for the battle which you started, Hezbollah," a Kuwaiti cleric named Shafi al-Ajami said in a video of the demonstration posted on YouTube. 
  
 "We are arming the mujahideen from here (Kuwait), and from the Arabian Peninsula, the Gulf states, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq and Turkey," he said. 
  
 He said funds for the effort were coming from "honorable people", not governments. Kuwaiti Islamists have started a Twitter campaign named "Kuwaitis prepare 12,000 mujahideen" as well as an online fundraising drive to help arm Syrian rebels. 
  
 Ajami said Syria would become "the graveyard for the party of Satan" - a common slur used by rebels against Hezbollah, whose name means "party of God" in Arabic. 
  
 In Hatla, some opposition activists said the attack included summary killings and the burning of Shi'ite places of worship. 
  
 Activist Karam Badran, who spoke to Reuters from Deir al-Zor, said only 20 people had been confirmed killed in Hatla but that another 20 had been taken hostage by the rebels. 
  
 He said the attackers' main motive was not sectarian, but what he and the Observatory said were government attempts to recruit militiamen of all faiths in an area rebels had held for a year. Shi'ites had not previously been harmed there, he said. 
  
 Badran said the Hatla killings had also followed an attack on Monday by pro-Assad militiamen on a rebel checkpoint outside the provincial capital Deir al-Zor, in which several opposition fighters had been killed and dozens wounded. 
  
 "Three of the men killed were three Shi'ite clerics. They were executed and hung on the gates of the town," Badran said. "But among the dead were also Sunnis (who had joined pro-Assad militia). This is really about betrayal." 
  
 (Additional reporting by Sylvia Westall in Kuwait; Editing by Alistair Lyon) |||||

Write a summary.