Here is a news article: Valbuena and Castillo had initially boarded the team bus after the game, according to a series of social media posts from teammate and Philadelphia Phillies prospect Alexis Rivero. Rivero, who does not appear to be related to the crash survivor, wrote in Spanish that the players then urged Rivero to join them in the car but he turned them down because he wanted to sleep comfortably. He said he was awakened at the crash site and saw their corpses on the ground. ||||| CARACAS, Venezuela -- Former major league players Luis Valbuena and Jose Castillo were killed in a car crash caused by highway bandits who then robbed them, officials said Friday. 
  
 The 33-year-old Valbuena and 37-year-old Castillo died late Thursday when their SUV crashed as it tried to veer around an object on the road, Yaracuy state governor Julio Leon Heredia said on his Twitter account. 
  
 Officials said some bandits place or throw objects on highways to force vehicles to stop or crash so they can rob the occupants. Heredia said four people have been detained after being found with property of the athletes. 
  
 Valbuena and Castillo were teammates on the Cardenales de Lara team in the Venezuelan winter league and were returning from a game in the capital when the crash occurred en route to the city of Barquisimeto. 
  
 Third baseman Carlos Rivero was in the car and survived, according to the website BeisbolPlay. 
  
 Cardenales de Lara players carry the caskets of teammates of Luis Valbuena and Jose Castillo at the team's stadium in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, on Friday. AP Photo/Nestor Vivas 
  
 Valbuena, an 11-year major league veteran, hit .199 with 9 home runs and 33 RBIs in 96 games this year for the Los Angeles Angels, who released him Aug. 7. 
  
 "I will miss Luis' banter, smile, genuine love for his teammates and, of course, the bat flips," AJ Hinch, who managed Valbuena with the Houston Astros in 2015-16, said in a statement. "He was a beloved person whether he was on our team or across the field." 
  
 Valbuena hit .226 with 114 home runs over 11 big league seasons with the Angels, Seattle Mariners, Cleveland Indians, Chicago Cubs and Astros. 
  
 "Luis was always smiling and was one of the happiest players in baseball," Astros general manager Jeff Luhnow said in a statement. "He provided joy to his teammates and our fans. He helped our franchise turn a corner in 2015 and provided many cherished memories." 
  
 Castillo played five seasons with the Pittsburgh Pirates, San Francisco Giants and Astros. He had a .254 average with 39 home runs. 
  
 Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said in a tweet, "I join in the mourning that has overwhelmed the Venezuelan baseball family and all of its fans." 
  
 Luis Valbuena played in 11 seasons in Major League Baseball, most recently with the Angels. AP Photo/Matt York 
  
 Baseball commissioner Rob Manfred issued a statement calling it "a very sad day for our sport. 
  
 "It is clear by all the stories today that they loved baseball and made an impact on their teammates and the clubs they represented," Manfred said, expressing "my deepest condolences to their families, friends and fans, particularly those in their native Venezuela." 
  
 By late Friday afternoon, the coffins with the players' bodies had arrived in Antonio Herrera Gutierrez stadium in Barquisimeto, where they were received amid tears by their teammates. A mass was held to bid them goodbye. 
  
 The Venezuelan Professional Baseball League announced that all three scheduled games Friday were canceled and said flags will fly at half-staff in all stadiums for three days. 
  
 League president Juan Jose Avila told Union Radio that he was evaluating the possibility of forbidding players to travel in private cars to move between games, saying if the players had been on the team bus, "nothing would have happened to them." 
  
 Venezuelan teams tend to travel in buses protected by security forces. 
  
 Dozens of Venezuelans waited in line outside a chapel in the state of Lara on Saturday, hoping to bid farewell to Valbuena. Castillo was moved earlier in the morning to a different central-west state. 
  
 Retired Cardenales player Robert Perez and Philadelphia Phillies shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera were both in attendance. 
  
 Rivero, the crash's lone survivor, visited the chapel wearing dark sunglasses and bearing a small bruise on his forehead. 
  
 Information from The Associated Press was used in this report. ||||| Luis Valbuena, the charismatic, bat-flipping third baseman who played an integral part on the Astros 2015 Wild Card team, died in a car accident following a winter ball game in his native Venezuela on Thursday along with former Astro Jose Castillo. 
  
 The news was confirmed by the Cardinals of Lara, a Venezuelan winter ball team for whom both men played a game on Thursday. Valbuena was 33 and Castillo was 37. 
  
 According to reports in Venezuela, the car transporting Valbuena and Castillo hit a rock in the road. Four men were arrested in connection with the accident, Julio Leon Heredia — the governor of Yaracuy — announced Friday afternoon. 
  
 Heredia told meridiano.com that the four men were found with some of Valbuena and Castillo's belongings. It is customary, Heredia said, for criminals or gangs to place large rocks in the middle of the street in hopes of either stopping or overturning vehicles to rob those inside. 
  
 We are so very deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former Astros players Luis Valbuena and Jose Castillo. Our thoughts and prayers are with their families and loved ones. https://t.co/DsFivc3KgH pic.twitter.com/DQazSdUlZr — Houston Astros (@astros) December 7, 2018 
  
 Neither Valbuena nor Castillo was wearing a seatbelt. Both were ejected from the vehicle, according to on-site reports. 
  
 "The Astros family lost two young men yesterday, entirely too soon," the organization said in a statement Friday morning. "During his two seasons in Houston, Luis was an extremely popular player with his teammates and the Astros staff. He was a productive player on the field and played a key role in the Astros run to the postseason in 2015. Off the field, he was a warm and friendly presence to all who interacted with him. Jose's time with the Astros was brief, but he also had a positive impact on those around him. Our thoughts and prayers are with their families and friends." 
  
 Former major league infielder Carlos Rivero survived the accident. The car was driven by Rivero's chauffeur, who also survived according to BeisbolPlay.com. The car was bound for Barquisimeto — a city in northwest Venezuela. 
  
 “This is a very sad day for our sport as we mourn the deaths of Luis Valbuena and José Castillo," MLB commissioner Rob Manfred said in a statement. "It is clear by all the stories today that they loved baseball and made an impact on their teammates and the Clubs they represented. On behalf of Major League Baseball, I extend my deepest condolences to their families, friends and fans, particularly those in their native Venezuela.” 
  
 Acquired in a trade that sent Dexter Fowler to the Cubs, Valbuena appeared in 132 games and hit a career-high 25 home runs during the Astros’ 2015 season, the first under manager A.J. Hinch and the franchise’s first postseason appearance since 2005. 
  
 A versatile defender who played both first and third base, Valbuena became known for his pronounced bat flips following any successful plate appearance — even walks — and infectious smile which permeated the clubhouse. 
  
 Tributes poured in from Valbuena’s former Astros teammates on Friday morning. Jose Altuve, a Venezuelan, posted pictures of both men on Instagram with a Spanish caption saying “I can’t believe what’s going on.” 
  
 On Twitter, pitcher Collin McHugh called him “such a huge piece of our success story. Part of a lengthy Instagram post in Spanish from Marwin Gonzalez read “You left this world without an enemy because your principles, your kindness and your charisma would not let you have it.” 
  
 Absolutely devastated by the news of Luis’ passing. He was such a huge piece of our success story with the @astros...but more than that, he was a husband, father, teammate and friend. Rest easy, brother pic.twitter.com/WiVx0e1h6O — Collin McHugh (@Collin_McHugh) December 7, 2018 
  
 In a statement, Astros general manager Jeff Luhnow called Valbuena one of “the happiest players in baseball.” 
  
 “I will miss Luis’ banter, smile, genuine love for his teammates, and, of course, the bat flips,” Hinch said in a statement. “He was a beloved person whether he was on our team or across the field. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and the lucky ones who could call him a teammate or friend.” 
  
 Valbuena slashed .224/.310/.438 in 2015 and started each of Houston’s six postseason games at third base. He hit a home run in the team’s Game 5, season-ending loss to the Royals in the American League Division Series. 
  
 In 2016, Valbuena seemed destined for another career season before sustaining a season-ending hamstring injury. In the 90 games prior to the injury, which required surgery, Valbuena knocked 13 home runs and hit .260. 
  
 Valbuena played 222 career games as an Astro. 
  
 “Luis was always smiling and was one of the happiest players in baseball,” Luhnow said. “He provided joy to his teammates and our fans. He helped our franchise turn a corner in 2015 and provided many cherished memories. We will forever remember him.” 
  
 The Angels signed Valbuena as a free agent following the 2016 season. He played all of 2017 and part of 2018 in Los Angeles before he was designated for assignment and released in August. 
  
 Castillo was a veteran of five major league seasons who ended his career with the Astros. The infielder, played 15 games in Houston before leaving for the Mexican League following the 2008 season. |||||
A summary of this is?