Given the question: Information:  - A Congressional Gold Medal is an award bestowed by the United States Congress; the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom are the highest civilian awards in the United States. It is awarded to persons "who have performed an achievement that has an impact on American history and culture that is likely to be recognized as a major achievement in the recipient's field long after the achievement." However, "There are no permanent statutory provisions specifically relating to the creation of Congressional Gold Medals. When a Congressional Gold Medal has been deemed appropriate, Congress has, by legislative action, provided for the creation of a medal on an ad hoc basis." American citizenship is not a requirement.  - The ACM A.M. Turing Award is an annual prize given by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) to "an individual selected for contributions of a technical nature made to the computing community". It is stipulated that "The contributions should be of lasting and major technical importance to the computer field". The Turing Award is generally recognized as the highest distinction in computer science and the "Nobel Prize of computing".  - Vinton Gray `` Vint '' Cerf ( / srf / ; born June 23 , 1943 ) is an American Internet pioneer , who is recognized as one of `` the fathers of the Internet '' , sharing this title with TCP / IP co-inventor Bob Kahn and packet switching inventors Paul Baran and Donald Davies . His contributions have been acknowledged and lauded , repeatedly , with honorary degrees and awards that include the National Medal of Technology , the Turing Award , the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the Marconi Prize and membership in the National Academy of Engineering . In the early days , Cerf was a manager for the United States ' Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) funding various groups to develop TCP / IP technology . When the Internet began to transition to a commercial opportunity during the late 1980s , Cerf moved to MCI where he was instrumental in the development of the first commercial email system ( MCI Mail ) connected to the Internet . Cerf was instrumental in the funding and formation of ICANN from the start . He waited in the wings for a year before he stepped forward to join the ICANN Board , eventually becoming chairman . He was elected as the president of the Association for Computing Machinery in May 2012 , and in August 2013 he joined the Council on CyberSecurity 's Board of Advisors . Cerf is also known for his sartorial style , typically appearing in three - piece suit -- a rarity in an industry known for its casual dress norms . Cerf is active in many organizations that are working to help the Internet deliver humanitarian value in our world today . He is supportive of innovative projects that are experimenting with new approaches to global problems , including the digital divide , the gender gap , and the changing nature of jobs .  - Robert Elliot "Bob" Kahn (born December 23, 1938) is an American electrical engineer, who, along with Vint Cerf, invented the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) and the Internet Protocol (IP), the fundamental communication protocols at the heart of the Internet.  - The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) is an international learned society for computing. It was founded in 1947 and is the world's largest scientific and educational computing society. It is a not-for-profit professional membership group. Its membership is more than 100,000 as of 2011. Its headquarters are in New York City.  - The National Academy of Engineering (NAE) is an American nonprofit, non-governmental organization. The National Academy of Engineering is part of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, along with the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), the National Academy of Medicine, and the National Research Council.  - The Internet Protocol (IP) is the principal communications protocol in the Internet protocol suite for relaying datagrams across network boundaries. Its routing function enables internetworking, and essentially establishes the Internet.  - Computer science is the study of the theory, experimentation, and engineering that form the basis for the design and use of computers. It is the scientific and practical approach to computation and its applications and the systematic study of the feasibility, structure, expression, and mechanization of the methodical procedures (or algorithms) that underlie the acquisition, representation, processing, storage, communication of, and access to information. An alternate, more succinct definition of computer science is the study of automating algorithmic processes that scale. A computer scientist specializes in the theory of computation and the design of computational systems.  - The Marconi Prize is an annual award recognizing advancements in communications awarded by the Marconi Foundation. The Prize includes a $100,000 honorarium and a work of sculpture. The honorees are called Marconi Fellows. The foundation and the prize are named in honor of Guglielmo Marconi, a Nobel laureate and one of the pioneers of radio.   - The military, also called the armed forces, are forces authorized to use deadly force, and weapons, to support the interests of the state and some or all of its citizens. The task of the military is usually defined as defense of the state and its citizens, and the prosecution of war against another state. The military may also have additional sanctioned and non-sanctioned functions within a society, including, the promotion of a political agenda, protecting corporate economic interests, internal population control, construction, emergency services, social ceremonies, and guarding important areas. The military can also function as a discrete subculture within a larger civil society, through the development of separate infrastructures, which may include housing, schools, utilities, food production and banking.  - The National Academy of Medicine (NAM, formerly the Institute of Medicine) is an American nonprofit, non-governmental organization. The National Academy of Medicine is a part of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, along with the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), National Academy of Engineering (NAE), and the National Research Council (NRC).   - In English, the word laureate has come to signify eminence or association with literary awards or military glory. It is also used for winners of the Nobel Prize and the Gandhi Peace Award.  - The Presidential Medal of Freedom is an award bestowed by the President of the United States and isalong with the  comparable Congressional Gold Medalthe highest civilian award of the United States. It recognizes those people who have made "an especially meritorious contribution to the security or national interests of the United States, world peace, cultural or other significant public or private endeavors". The award is not limited to U.S. citizens and, while it is a civilian award, it can also be awarded to military personnel and worn on the uniform.  - Radio is the technology of using radio waves to carry information, such as sound, by systematically modulating properties of electromagnetic energy waves transmitted through space, such as their amplitude, frequency, phase, or pulse width. When radio waves strike an electrical conductor, the oscillating fields induce an alternating current in the conductor. The information in the waves can be extracted and transformed back into its original form.  - Guglielmo Marconi, 1st Marquis of Marconi (25 April 187420 July 1937) was an Italian inventor and electrical engineer known for his pioneering work on long-distance radio transmission and for his development of Marconi's law and a radio telegraph system. He is often credited as the inventor of radio, and he shared the 1909 Nobel Prize in Physics with Karl Ferdinand Braun "in recognition of their contributions to the development of wireless telegraphy".  - The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite (TCP/IP) to link devices worldwide. It is a "network of networks" that consists of private, public, academic, business, and government networks of local to global scope, linked by a broad array of electronic, wireless, and optical networking technologies. The Internet carries an extensive range of information resources and services, such as the inter-linked hypertext documents and applications of the World Wide Web (WWW), electronic mail, telephony, and peer-to-peer networks for file sharing.  - The National Academy of Sciences (NAS) is a United States nonprofit, non-governmental organization. NAS is part of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine, along with the National Academy of Engineering (NAE) and the National Academy of Medicine (NAM).  - The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (also The Academies) serve collectively as the scientific national academy for the United States (US). The National Academies comprises: the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), the National Academy of Engineering (NAE), and the National Academy of Medicine (NAM).  - In general, a civilian is "a person who is not a member of the military or of a police or firefighting force", as defined by Merriam Webster's Dictionary. From the perspective of the U.S. Department of Defense, Chapter 18 of Title 10 United States Code refers to non-military law enforcement officers as civilians since they are employees rather than enlisted personnel, and also in order to distinguish itself from military police. In military and law enforcement slang, the term "Civies" or "Civvies" are often used to refer civilian population or civilian clothing.    What is the relationship between 'vint cerf' and 'computer science'?
The answer is: