Madonna Badger, mom of three daughters killed in Christmas blaze, cries as she gives eulogy ‘My little girls are in my heart’ 
  
 Madonna Badger, boyfriend Michael Borcina (r.), and estranged husband Matthew Badger (l.) comfort each other as the caskets carrying the three children killed in a Christmas Day fire are taken into funeral service. 
  
 The first mourners showed up an hour early, exchanging hugs on the church steps. 
  
 A steady stream of the Badger family’s loved ones followed. And then came the entire Stamford, Conn., fire department, about 70 firefighters dressed crisply in dark suits and not saying a word. 
  
 Nearly 1,000 people were packed into the St. Thomas Episcopal Church in midtown by the time Madonna Badger rose to give a eulogy no mother should ever have to give. 
  
 Badger stepped up to the lectern and glanced at the three caskets arranged in front of her. 
  
 Her lips were trembling. The overflow crowd was silent. 
  
 Then, choking back sobs, the fashion ad exec told them about her three daughters, who were killed in a Christmas Day inferno at her Connecticut mansion, along with her mom and dad. 
  
 “My little girls are not gone from us entirely because my little girls are in my heart. Right here,” Badger said, motioning toward her chest. 
  
 “And this is where they live.” 
  
 Badger, flanked by church workers, had to walk around her girls’ mahogany caskets on her way to the dais. They sat side-by-side, topped with white and pink flowers. 
  
 The mourners, including designer Calvin Klein, actor Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Badger’s estranged husband, Matthew, dissolved in tears as she reminisced about her “little girl tribe.” 
  
 Badger described each of them one by one, stopping several times to compose herself. More than once, a church worker had to come forward to give the shattered mother a fresh tissue. 
  
 Nine-year-old Lily sang before she could speak and had a thousand-watt smile. 
  
 “Lily was naturally shy, but when she let her smile glow, it glowed completely,” Badger said. 
  
 Lily loved many things, Badger said, but nothing more than her 7-year-old twin sisters, Grace and Sarah. 
  
 “They were her best friends,” she said. 
  
 Sarah once passed out cookies at a nursing home. Afterward, she told her grandma, “Someone ought to tell the tooth fairy this is where she needs to bring the teeth because they really need her.” 
  
 Sarah often stayed up late talking to her mom — a memory that caused Badger to break down for several seconds. 
  
 “Sarah liked to lie with me at night and hold my hand and tell me how much she loved me,” Badger said. 
  
 Grace loved math and crafts, always building objects out of Band-Aids, and was curious about everything. 
  
 “For Christmas, Gracie wanted a telescope and microscope,” Badger said. “She wanted to see the seen and unseen.” 
  
 ‘Why my children?’ 
  
 Badger recalled a particularly painful conversation she had with Grace years ago. 
  
 “Gracie asked a thousand times if she was going to die before me,” Badger said. “I said, ‘No. That’s never going to happen.’ 
  
 “But it did, and I wonder why. Why my children? Why my parents?” 
  
 The firefighters’ eyes were wet with tears. 
  
 Many had responded to the massive blaze that engulfed Badger’s three-story Stamford, Conn., mansion about 4:50 a.m., but were unable to save her three girls and parents. 
  
 The bodies of the girls and their grandparents, Lomer and Pauline Johnson, were found on the top two floors. 
  
 Two of the children were found in separate parts of the home — one just a few feet away from her grandfather, the other near her grandmother. 
  
 Badger and her boyfriend, Michael Borcina, barely escaped. Both suffered injuries while trying to find the children amid the flames and thick smoke. 
  
 The inferno was ignited by a bag of embers from a Yule log that had been removed from the fireplace because the children were concerned Santa would be burned, authorities said. 
  
 After the 90-minute service, Badger let out a piercing wail as she walked out of the church, trailing behind the coffins. 
  
 “No mother should have to endure what she has endured,” said family friend Gillian Brandt, 55. “How she is finding the strength to go on . . . I just don’t know.” 
  
 rschapiro@nydailynews.com ||||| Matthew and Madonna Badger watch as the caskets carrying the bodies of their three daughters arrive for funeral services on Jan. 5, 2012 (John Moore/Getty Images) 
  
 By Sonja Sharp and Wil Cruz 
  
 DNAinfo Staff 
  
  
  
 MIDTOWN — Inconsolable mother Madonna Badger tearfully remembered her young daughters — who were killed along with her parents in a devastating Christmas Day fire at their Stamford, Conn. home — at their somber funeral Thursday as dancers, singers and little angels. 
  
 Badger, who escaped the horrific blaze along with her friend Michael Borcina, joined the girls' father Matthew Badger, and hundreds of mourners to say goodbye to Lily, 10, and twins Grace and Sarah, who were 7, at the St. Thomas Church on 53rd Street and Fifth Avenue. 
  
 "They were my little girl tribe," said Badger as she choked back tears. "And I want you to hear about them from me. 
  
 "My girls are in my heart, and that is where they live now, and they live in me. I want to remember my girls out loud." 
  
 The girls' father was so distraught that he could not speak. Instead, the priest, Rev. Dr. William Shillady read a heart-wrenching note to the rapt mourners, many of whom broke down during the service. 
  
 "A day with Lily was like a day with a beautiful song," the dad said in the note. "She was so vulnerable and beautiful. She always wanted a grown up around her at night — in the end, she was right." 
  
 The fatal fire, sparked by ashes from the fireplace that were left near the house, ripped through the 100-year-old building, trapping Badger's daughters and parents, Lormer and Pauline Johnson, inside. 
  
 Lormer Johnson, a former Saks Fifth Avenue Santa Claus, was found near the body of one of the girls and was believed to have been trying to save her, according to reports. 
  
 And in a tragic twist, investigators believe the ashes were removed so that the girls wouldn't worry about Santa coming down the chimney, the Associated Press said. They are also trying to determine if the house, which was under renovation, had working smoke detectors. 
  
 As the family processed behind the girls' identical coffins draped in lillies and other flowers, mourners moved into the aisle to embrace the grieving parents. 
  
 Several rows were packed with Stamford firefighters who fought desperately to free the trapped family but were pushed back by intense smoke and flames. 
  
 Madonna Badger, who once lived in Manhattan and was an art director for Calvin Klein, remembered her first daughter Lily as a shrinking violet who loved to sing and dance. 
  
 "Lily was the angel of my heart and my first baby," Badger recalled. "She made up songs constantly." 
  
 She loved dolls and her stuffed animals, "but most of all she loved her sisters," Badger said. 
  
 The eldest girl had asked her mother about dying, Badger said. On a trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Lily, then 5-years-old, collapsed to the floor and begged her mom to tell her when she would die. 
  
 The funeral procession for Madonna Badger's family arrives at St. Thomas Church on 53rd Street and Fifth Avenue on Jan. 5, 2012. Badger's parents and three young daughters were killed in a fire on Christmas Day. (DNAinfo/Paul Lomax) 
  
 "I told her life is a mystery," Badger said. "We never know when we're going to die. And she accepted that." 
  
 One of Lily's friends, Audrey, 9, grave the grieving mom a poem she wrote entitled "Hope," which she read aloud at the service. 
  
 Grace, a second grader, was the explorer of the three girls, who loved making crafts and excelled at math. 
  
 "For Christmas she wanted a microscope and a telescope," said her heartbroken mom. "Grace asked me a thousand times if she was going to die before me. I said, 'No, No, that's never going to happen,' but it happened." 
  
 Her inseparable twin Sarah was remembered as the social butterfly of the pair with a big heart — relishing the opportunity to pass out Christmas cookies at an old age home with her grandfather. 
  
 Sarah was so popular, in fact, that her schoolmates competed for her attention. 
  
 "The principal had to call a meeting of second grade girls so they could figure out how to take turns being close to Sarah," Badger said. 
  
 But mostly, she was mommy's little girl. 
  
 "Sarah used to like to lie in my bed and tell me how much she loved me," said a weeping Badger, who was consoled at the funeral by the girls' father Matthew Badger and Borcina. 
  
 "Sarah was so lovable and vibrant," her dad said in his note. "She saw the goodness in all of us." 
  
 Mourners — among whom were singer Lou Reed, actor Philip Seymour Hoffman and clothing mogul Calvin Klein — were touched by the Badgers' strength throughout the ordeal. 
  
 "I can't imagine how they're even standing up," said James Gilroy, a family friend. "I thought what she said was just beautiful." 
  
 As a parent himself, Gilroy said he could scarcely imagine losing a child, much less three. 
  
 "I have a little girl 11 years-old." Gilroy said. "It's the worst thing I've ever heard." 
  
 After the service ended, Madonna Badger wept loudly as she walked out of the church. 
  
 "Grace was fearless," she said. 
  
 "Nothing will bring my parents back, or my children. In all this incomprehensible loss and chaos love is everything," she said. "I used to say I could never ever live through losing my babies — but here I am." 
  
 Donations in memory of the children can be made to The Other 364 Foundation. Further information can be found here. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?