A Colorado Sheriff is speaking out over the says the death of Harold Henthorn's first wife, Lynn, in 1995, claiming it was not an accident, despite his department reaching that conclusion 20 years ago. 'Based upon the information I've been briefed on up to this date … I do not think it's an accident,' Sheriff Tony Spurlock told CBS4  in an exclusive interview. 'I don't think it was an accident and I think it's very suspicious,' said Sheriff Spurlock, who became the Douglas County sheriff last month. Last year Harold Henthorn, 58, was indicted on a charge of first-degree murder in the death of hi second wife Dr Toni Henthorn, 50. Scroll down for video... First wife: Henthorn's first wife, Lynn,  also died in a remote location with her husband as the only witness. Accused: Harold Henthorn, left, has been accused of murdering his second wife, Dr Toni Henthorn, right, who fell to her death while the couple took a hike at Rocky Mountain National Park in September 2012. An autopsy report says she fell or was pushed over the ledge when she paused to take a photo during a hike on Sept. 29, 2012. The couple was visiting the park for their 12th wedding anniversary. Harold Henthorn told investigators his wife slipped and fell, but prosecutors didn't buy his explanation and charged him with murder last November. He has pleaded not guilty and faces trial in May. Only after her death did Toni Henthorn's relatives realize she was covered by three life insurance policies totaling $4.5 million. A claim was sent in for one policy just days after she died, court records show. Harold Henthorn's attorney, Craig L. Truman, has said that the case is complicated and that 'justice will be done' once the facts come to light. Loss: His first wife, Sandra Lynn, was killed in a freak accident when their car crushed her as she changed a flat tire. But now attention has shifted to Henthorn's first wife, Sandra Lynn Henthorn, 30, who also died in mysterious circumstances. She was crushed to death in 1995 when a car slipped off a jack while she and Harold were changing a flat tire. Reports emerged showing that Dr Henthorn, who had one daughter, also had life insurance policies to the value of $4.5 million - and that a claim was made on one of the policies just two days after her death. The indictment says Harold Henthorn, who was the only witness to her death, 'willfully, deliberately, maliciously and with premeditation and malice aforethought did unlawfully kill his wife', CBS reported. He told authorities that his wife had been reaching under the car to help him change the front tire on their Jeep Cherokee on the rural road, when the jack slipped and the Jeep fell on his wife, crushing her. Harold Henthorn collected nearly $500,000 in life insurance proceeds from his wife's death. Detectives closed the case just one week after the investigation, ruling the death an accident, but the Douglas County Sheriff's Office told CBS4 that they have now re-opened the investigation. A source told the channel that Henthorn had taken out a $300,000 insurance policy on his wife. It added that three life insurance policies had been taken out on his second wife - each valued at $1.5 million - and that efforts had been made to collect on it on the first business day after her death. Changing his mind: Douglas County Sheriff Tony Spurlock says the death of Harold Henthorn's first wife, Lynn, in 1995 was not an accident, despite his department reaching that conclusion 20 years ago. How she died: As he changed the tire,  his wife crawled under the Jeep, apparently to retrieve a lug nut or flashlight, when he said a jack gave way or slipped and the Jeep fell, crushing her. Harold Henthorn collected nearly $500,000 in life insurance proceeds from his wife's death. One of the policies named the Harold and Toni Henthorn Trust as the beneficiary and a claim was sent in for the policy on October 1, 2012, CBS reported. No payment was made, however. The Douglas County coroner wrote 'this is an accidental death' on May 9, two days after Lynn Henthorn died. It is not clear who attempted to file a claim for the policy. The claim was made before her body was cremated or a memorial service was held. Dr Henthorn, an ophthalmologist, had been married to her husband for 12 years. She left behind a daughter, then seven. Douglas County investigators reopened the Lynn Henthorn death two weeks after the death of Toni Henthorn in 2012. They say they have done 40 interviews in the past 27 months and continue to diligently work the case. That information leads my detectives to determine this is probably not an accident,' emphasized Spurlock. Some have accused the local police of botching the investigation. Items and paperwork went missing at the time, hence the need for a follow-up. Case closed: The coroner wrote 'this is an accidental death' on May 9 1995, two days after Lynn Henthorn died. Three days later, on May 12, six days after the death, the Douglas County Sheriff's Department followed suit, closing the case as an accidental death and ruling no criminal charges should be filed. Oversight: Some are now asking if the Douglas County Sheriff’s Department mishandled the investigation into Lynn Henthorn’s death the first time around. At the time Henthorn  told investigators several different and conflicting stories of what he did after r the Jeep fell on his wife. He told some that he gave her CPR and helped get her out from under the vehicle. He told others he did not give her CPR and was unsure of how she was pulled out from under the Jeep. One investigator said he looked over Henthorn's hands and noticed no unusual marks, bruises or scratches that might have indicated an attempt to pull the car off his wife. Even the flashlight was found under his car in the 'off' position yet no questions were raised about it. In an interview with a Douglas County investigator, Harold Henthorn said he had been having a lot of flat tires recently 'due to construction in the area of their home. There is one tire with a nail in it in their garage at home.' The file indicates there was no follow up done to locate the tire Henthorn talked about to verify that part of his story. On the evening of the accident Patricia Montoya was returning to  Denver  on Highway 67 with a group of friends and family members. They stopped to help Henthorn and his stricken wife. 'He didn't want us to touch her,' Montoya told CBS4. 'It was a creepy feeling that he gave all of us.' Stories: Harold Henthorn told different sheriff’s investigators shifting versions of what happened in the hours before Lynn Henthorn's death, but police did not pursue the discrepancies or attempt to pin Henthorn down. She said her group immediately began administering CPR to Lynn Henthorn, angering Harold Henthorn, who did not want anyone to touch his wife. And Montoya said when they placed their jackets over Lynn to keep her warm, 'The husband wouldn't take his coat off for her, he wouldn't take the coat off to cover her. We all felt the same oddness. It was creepy, it was like he was trying to harm her,' said Montoya. She said everyone in her group came away from that evening with the same feeling. 'We all said that he probably set it up to where that car fell on her and that was all our thoughts. We all thought the same thing. It didn't seem like that was an accident.' She shared her thoughts with the police yet nobody came to interview her about what her suspicions or what she had witnessed. 'We were all very surprised. We all felt they would come and find us. And they never did.' Only when the case was reopened in October 2012 did  investigators seek her out and interview her about that night. Now in documents that provide further damning detail of the deaths of both Toni Bertolet Henthorn and Lynn Rishell Henthorn the prosecution has highlighted the similarities between both women's passing. Both deaths, the documents state, 'involved bizarre 'accidents.' Both left Henthorn with significant insurance benefits. He is beneficiary or trustee on three policies on Toni, totaling around $4.5million and received a $500,000 pay out on the death of his first wife. Both occurred in remote locations. Both times Henthorn was the lone witness. Both deaths occurred after about 12 years of marriage. Henthorn told wildly varying stories about both deaths. Witness: Patricia Montoya was returning to the Denver metro area with a group of friends. They stopped to help Henthorn and his stricken wife. Harold Henthorn's behavior was strange but the police didn't want to know. New tact: Tony Spurlock said investigators are employing new techniques and digging up new information on Lynn Henthorn’s death. He is optimistic that the reopened investigation will have a positive result. According to the documents the man who met his second wife on a Christian dating website, even told a Sunday school class that his first wife died of cancer and lost a baby she was carrying to chemotherapy. In the case of his second wife, an incident which happened just two years after she almost died when she was struck by a wooden beam Harold had thrown off their deck is disclosed in the documents. After that incident, Harold joked to friends: 'I was trying to kill my wife.' In both situations, the documents continue, the women were doing atypical things when they died. Lynn Henthorn was 'fastidious in dress and a cautious women who would not ordinarily crawl under a jacked-up car to search for lug nuts while wearing a nice sweater, especially after exploratory surgery only two weeks earlier.' Sheriff Spurlock is attempting to reassure the public that things will be different this time around and that there will be a positive outcome. He says investigators are employing new techniques and digging up new information on Lynn Henthorn's death.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: