Article:
It had to go, all of it, the bedrolls and blankets and crusty Nalgene bottles, the comfy camp accoutrements that have, over the course of four months, turned McPherson Square into a radical protest experiment, communal living cooperative and REI advertisement. 
  
 “Occupy is supposed to mean occupy,” says Eric Kovacevic, as he and a companion methodically piled garbage bags full of their assorted stuff — pillows, clothing, travel-size toiletries — outside his domed tent. “You know, like [the United States] has occupied other countries.” 
  
 Kovacevic, 28, came from Minneapolis two months ago to join the Occupy D.C. encampment off K Street NW. On Monday afternoon he was packing up, per orders from the Park Police, who had announced stricter enforcement of the ban on overnight camping. It was a complicated ban. Tents could stay. Tents counted as symbols of political protest. But not the camping equipment inside the tents, which counted as symbols that people were sleeping illegally on government property. Thus, the equipment had to be removed, and the tent flaps had to remain unzipped and the people had to remain awake. Photos: Faces of the Occupy DC movement 
  
 Kovacevic had heard a rumor about alternative sleeping arrangements, like a guy in Virginia who supposedly said he would let the protesters occupy his land. “But that’s not really the point,” Kovacevic explains. 
  
 Occupying a yard that you have been invited to stay in isn’t really occupying. It’s just being a houseguest. 
  
 And occupying a park that you’re no longer sleeping in, that no longer contains your possessions . . . is that occupying? Or is that just standing around with a protest sign? 
  
 The places that became residential symbols of the national Occupy movement — Zuccotti Park, outside L.A.’s City Hall, Denver’s Civic Center Park — became such because of their permanence. These were not drop-in protests, pop-up rallies. These people came, and they came with Coleman camp stoves. They came with mattress pads and Tempur-Pedic neck supporters. It was passion and principle that made Occupy into a protest movement. But it was sleeping bags that made it occupied. What set this movement apart from other movements? The stuff. The stuff and the sleep. 
  
 “I’ve got my sleeping bag, pillow, dried oatmeal,” says James, who runs the Radical Space library tent and declined to give his last name. He came from Orlando. “Imagine taking your medicine cabinet, your kitchen, your bathroom and putting it all in a backpack.” 
  
 The stuff allowed for the development of infrastructure, the borrowed-cup-of-sugar community that defined Occupy. The sleep created a sense of permanence. What is the future of a not-technically-occupied Occupy movement? 
  
 On Monday at McPherson Square, protesters pondered this question. “Evicted from our home by the banks. Evicted from our tents by the police. There is no safe place to rest,” read the side of one spray-painted tent. 
  
 A good many protesters opted not to remove their stuff at all. As the noon deadline set by the police approached and then passed, the stuff that had enabled the protesters to endure a winter in Washington — the fox-den hidey-holes of cold-weather whatnot — remained defiantly inside tents. To the office dwellers who came to the park to see what would transpire as the deadline approached, the site looked little changed from the encampment that had sprung up in early October. It was muddy and cluttered. Protesters rallied at the center of the square, engaging in call-and-response chants, and digging in their heels for a stand-off with police that, as of mid-afternoon, had not occurred (the mood was reportedly less raucous and more zen over at Freedom Plaza, the site of Washington’s second Occupy encampment). 
  
 Several Occupiers erected a blue, billowing “Tent of Dreams” over the statue of Maj. Gen. James B. McPherson, allowing ear holes for the general’s horse and one for the general’s head. “Let us sleep so we can dream,” they began chanting, which gave the impression that what everyone really needed was economic equality, Ambien and a pair of slippers. 
  
 “People will be catnapping their way through this,” says Eric Lotke, a middle-aged attorney and protester, discussing strategies for keeping the park “Occupied” without being “occupied.” “The micro-tactical question of what happens to the camp doesn’t really matter.” 
  
 “The court says tents are part of the protest,” says Bob Jansen, 18, as he distributed copies of the camp’s official newspaper, the Occupied Washington Times. “But we can’t sleep here, and I feel sleeping itself is a protest statement.” 
  
 As the afternoon passed, police arrived to take inventory of protesters’ equipment, and spectators arrived to gawk in the chilly, brilliant weather. Many protesters said they would sleep nearby or bunk with friends and return to the encampment in the daylight. 
  
 Some believed that the new enforcements would not alter the ultimate meaning that McPherson Square has come to hold in the local Occupy movement. 
  
 “It’s impacting the physical location but not the spiritual location,” says John Zangas. “I have books. It’s going to be a place for meditation and reading,” he said of his tent. 
  
 “There,” he says, wiping the inside of the structure down with a Clorox wipe. “Now I’ve come under full compliance.” 
  
 When asked where he plans to spend the night, Zangas, who has a communications job in Washington, looked briefly confused. 
  
 “I’m going to be sleeping in my apartment in D.C.” ||||| Story highlights A man attempts to tear down the "tent of dreams" tarp; protesters stop him 
  
 A federal judge denies a restraining order on the camping ban 
  
 Washington protesters vow to stay strong despite a sleepless night 
  
 Over the weekend, protesters and police also clashed in Oakland, California 
  
 Living in a public park as a means of protest is not protected by the First Amendment, a federal judge said Tuesday in rejecting an Occupy DC demonstrator's request to keep park police from enforcing a ban on camping. 
  
 Dane Charles Primarano sought a temporary restraining order prohibiting the National Park Service and its police department from taking action against protesters found sleeping in or in possession of camping gear in Washington's McPherson Park and Freedom Square. 
  
 Primarano, who represented himself, argued that camping at the park is a form of constitutionally protected free speech. Judge James Boasberg disagreed, saying it is a matter of public policy, not constitutional law. 
  
 The setback for protesters came on the first full day of the camping ban enforced by U.S. Park Police. Authorities told protesters Monday that they had to remove camping gear such as sleeping bags and housekeeping materials but could keep their tents so long as one flap remains open at all times. 
  
 Protesters said Tuesday that police had told them they had "a few hours" to remove a large blue tarp they had draped over a statue of the park's namesake, Civil War Gen. James B. McPherson. Protesters have dubbed the tarp, covered with stars, the "tent of dreams." 
  
 They decided later to let police decide what to do with the tarp. Authorities did not immediately remove it. 
  
 Separately, a man attempted to tear the tarp down. He was stopped by protesters. Another man, or perhaps the same man, later cut some of the ropes holding up the tarp. He was removed by police. The tarp remained up. 
  
 Protesters who had struggled to stay awake overnight vowed to stay strong early Tuesday. 
  
 "I had more fun in the park last night than the whole time I've been here," said demonstrator Amanda Rickard. "We were out here playing guitar, singing, playing drums, Scrabble, card games, you know, just stuff to keep us busy so we can stay here and stay awake." 
  
 But one protester said he wouldn't be surprised if the mandate against camping gear and sleeping in the park takes its toll on protesters. 
  
 "To be honest, I don't know how long we can keep this up," Kevin Wiley said after a sleepless night. 
  
 It was clear protesters did not like the rules. "No justice, no sleep," one protester scrawled on a tent. 
  
 Another sign, written in white paint on a blue tarp, said: "Evicted from home by the banks. Evicted from the tent by the police. 99% has no safe place to rest." 
  
 But Wiley said they were trying to abide by the rules to "show we are law-abiding citizens." 
  
 "We're not out here just trying to have a good time. We are out here for a political message," he said. 
  
 Protesters had made arrangements to sleep off-site in shifts, said Rickard, who acknowledged nodding off for about 10 minutes overnight. 
  
 In another court hearing Tuesday on a case brought by Occupy DC protesters, Boasberg said he would rule within two days on a request that park officials be prohibited from seizing tents and other property without evidence of a crime, an emergency or a warrant. 
  
 Occupy DC is part of a larger activist surge that began last year in New York and quickly spread across the country. 
  
 While the protesters have highlighted a number of causes, the overarching theme has remained largely the same: populist anger over what activists portray as an out-of-touch corporate, financial and political elite. 
  
 On Monday, City Hall in Oakland, California, reopened after a violent weekend clash between police and protesters that resulted in about 400 arrests. Authorities said protesters broke into the building and committed acts of vandalism inside. 
  
 Police in Charlotte, North Carolina, also dismantled several tents at an Occupy camp there. 
  
 "We're doing the right thing, peacefully and quietly," protester Malachi Vinson told CNN affiliate WCNC. "We're expressing ourselves in a better way than anyone else would." |||||Summary: