Write a summary based on this article:

John Boehner, at a presser just now, just said something that pushed immigration reform closer to death than anything he has said thus far: 
  
 House Speaker John Boehner says he will not allow any House-passed immigration legislation to be blended with the Senate’s sweeping reform bill, further quashing the chances of comprehensive immigration reform legislation being signed into law anytime soon. “We have no intention of ever going to conference on the Senate bill,” Boehner told reporters Wednesday. 
  
 At the presser, Boehner also refused to say whether any of the piecemeal proposals reportedly being developed by House Republicans will get a vote this year, which means they almost certainly won’t. He did say that GOP Rep Bob Goodlatte, the chair of the House Judiciary Committee, “is working with our members and across the aisle on developing a set of principles for us to deal with this issue.” 
  
 But if Boehner really means that Republicans will not “ever” go to conference on the Senate bill, it’s very hard to see a path to comprehensive reform. Frank Sharry, the executive director of America’s Voice, emails me this: 
  
 “If Boehner kills off immigration reform, he’s going to go down as the Speaker who helped kill off the GOP. If he doesn’t promise to go to conference, he won’t be able to get Democrats to vote for any immigration measures, and he won’t be able to pass them with just Republican votes. He’s painting himself into a corner with procedural concessions to the far right, where failure is the only possible outcome. If he keeps to this, he’s dooming reform. Let’s hope he wants a legacy that includes growing the economy and saving his party.” 
  
 The point here is this. The House GOP leadership will never hold a vote on any comprehensive reform package that includes legalization or citizenship. So the only way forward is if House Republicans pass piecemeal provisions — border security measures, plus some sort of legalization proposal for the 11 million, or barring that, the Kids Act (which gives citizenship only to the DREAMers). That would be a route to comprehensive reform if it provided a way to get to conference. 
  
 Boehner doesn’t want anything the House passes to be seen as a vehicle for going to conference, because conservatives will revolt. But here is the rub: House Republicans, on their own, probably can’t pass anything that addresses the 11 million — and may not even be able to pass the KIDS Act — if it is seen as a vehicle for going to conference, since conservatives would resist at all costs. So Democrats would be needed to pass any such proposals. But Democrats will only vote for such proposals with an assurance that we would then go to conference. And so, by ruling out conference, Boehner may have just closed off the last remaining route to getting reform done. 
  
 There has been a lot of talk lately about how the GOP establishment is going to wage war on the hard-liners inside the GOP that are forcing unelectable candidates and deeply unpopular positions on the party. Immigration reform, however, is a clear cut case where this vow isn’t mattering in the slightest. 
  
 Many of the same constituencies within the GOP who are warning against letting the hard liners’ demand for a Total War against Obamacare drag the party into situations like the recent shutdown debacle — the business community, the professional consultant establishment, etc. — are the same ones who are urging the party to adopt immigration reform, for the long term good of the GOP. But it isn’t happening. We are not getting immigration reform if House GOP leaders are not willing to get the anti-amnesty-at-all-costs crowd a bit riled up at some point in the process. Boehner’s quotes today suggest they just aren’t willing to do that, whatever the long term costs to the party. ||||| As Republican leaders in the House of Representatives appear resigned to let a bipartisan immigration bill slide off of their to-do list in 2013, a new poll suggests leaders might want to rethink that plan. 
  
 Republican pollster Jon Lerner and his team at Basswood Research released a poll Tuesday showing that in 20 Republican-controlled swing districts, voters overwhelmingly want their members of Congress to hammer out a deal on immigration reform and to do it fast. 
  
 [READ: Immigration Reform Boosts Economic Recovery] 
  
 The poll shows that more than 70 percent of voters supported a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, 80 percent approved of implementing a better electronic worker verification system and 78 percent supported passing a DREAM Act, legislation that would allow young adults who were brought to the country as children a chance at citizenship. 
  
 In California, the poll shows that Republican Rep. Jeff Denham and Rep. David Valadao are among the most vulnerable lawmakers. The longer the House waits to vote on an immigration package, the tougher their re-election could become. 
  
 Sensing their vulnerability, both Denham and Valadao signed onto the Democratic-drafted immigration bill in October that would put many immigrants who are in the country illegally on a path to citizenship. 
  
 Even tea party food stamp crusader Rep. Steve Southerland, R-Fla., who is also cited as endangered in the poll, has softened his stance on immigration reform after encountering a young immigrant at a town hall. 
  
 [READ: Business, Faith and Silicon Valley Leaders to Pepper House on Immigration] 
  
 It's not just immigration, however, that has voters reconsidering their elected officials. The poll found that the Republican brand as a whole is increasingly damaged in swing districts. 
  
 The poll showed that voters in the 20 swing districts were frustrated with President Barack Obama. Only 41 percent of voters approved of his job performance and 34 percent approved of congressional Democrats. But voters in the GOP swing districts are irrefutably tired of Republicans back in Washington. Only 27 percent approve of them. 
  
 The poll of 1,000 adults was taken between Nov. 2, 2013 and Nov. 3, 2013 and has a margin of error of 3.1 percentage points. 
  
 More News: ||||| House Speaker John Boehner says he will not allow any House-passed immigration legislation to be blended with the Senate’s sweeping reform bill, further quashing the chances of comprehensive immigration reform legislation being signed into law anytime soon. 
  
 “We have no intention of ever going to conference on the Senate bill,” Boehner told reporters Wednesday. 
  
 Immigration reform advocates had hoped that a “conference”- or legislative negotiation – between House and Senate lawmakers could incorporate ideas from both chambers into compromise legislation that might be palatable to those who say a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants – or at least legalization – is essential to fixing the country’s broken immigration system. 
  
 Republican House Speaker John Boehner talks about the status of immigration reform legislation in the House. 
  
 But some conservatives had been pushing against House passage of any immigration legislation, arguing that Senate Democrats would use the conference to inject more liberal policies and then force Republicans in the House to stomach changes they say are unfair to those who came to the country legally. 
  
 The GOP speaker has pledged for months not to bring the Senate “Gang of Eight” bill, passed with bipartisan support in the upper chamber this summer, up for a vote. That legislation would allow for a lengthy path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants – something that many Republicans decry as “amnesty" that could hurt job-seeking Americans. 
  
 Republican lawmakers have instead been working on smaller pieces of legislation that would address border security, employment verification, and possibly a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants brought to the United States as children. Boehner refused to say Wednesday whether he plans to bring any of those measures to a vote before the end of the year. 
  
 Boehner pointed to House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., as the chamber’s point person on the legislative efforts, saying Goodlatte “is working with our members and across the aisle on developing a set of principles for us to deal with this issue.” 
  
 He also dismissed the notion that Republicans are delaying reform legislation to focus on problems with the new health care law. 
  
 Charles Dharapak / AP House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio, accompanied by House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Rep. Fred Upton, R-Mich., which has responsibility over matters relating to healthcare, speaks about President Obama's health care law after Republican lawmakers met at the Republican National Committee headquarters in Washington, Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2013. 
  
 "We need to go about this in a way that the American people and our members can absorb,” he said. 
  
 The apparent dead end for comprehensive reform has not deterred immigration proponents, who have kept pressure on House leaders despite the dim outlook for legislation this year. 
  
 Hours before addressing reporters, Boehner was confronted by immigrant children while he was eating breakfast at a Capitol Hill diner. In a video released by the organization Fair Immigration Reform Movement (FIRM), Boehner told the protesters he is “trying to find some way to get this thing done.” 
  
 The White House has kept public pressure up as well. 
  
 President Barack Obama is meeting with faith leaders Wednesday to discuss the need for reform, and Vice President Joe Biden will give an address on the issue Thursday in Atlanta, Ga. 
  
 Frank Thorp contributed to this story. 
  
 This story was originally published on |||||

Summary: