Summarize this article:

The atrocities committed by the terror group ISIS are so horrific that a high-profile al Qaeda member, an American citizen, purportedly addressed the group directly in a new al Qaeda publication and lectured them that if they keep it up, Allah will not grant them paradise in the afterlife. 
  
 “My dear brothers: While no one can deny the considerable strength and prowess of the Islamic State group [ISIS] in military terms, at the same time, the crimes it has committed against Muslims cannot simply be overlooked or forgotten with time, because in Islam there is no statute of limitations,” the late Adam Gadahn said, according to an al Qaeda magazine published recently online. “And if these wrongs are not brought to an end and rectified here in this world, then a severe punishment has been promised both for those who committed them as well as those who encouraged, condoned or justified them, even if from behind a computer or mobile phone thousands of miles away.” 
  
 “Oppression of any kind is wrong, and [there] will be darkness for its perpetrator on the Day of Judgment. The Ummah’s [Muslim community’s] Jihad is not a video game; it is real life, with real consequences, in this world and the next,” he said. 
  
 Gadahn, born Adam Pearlman, was killed accidentally in an American counter-terrorism operation in January, according to the White House. Apparently the U.S. forces who conducted the mission didn’t know Gadahn was at the target location. Another al Qaeda member said in the magazine that it was an airstrike that killed Gadahn. 
  
 The interview with Gadahn, in which he discusses his background as a California boy in an unorthodox home and his bizarre journey into the ranks of al Qaeda, appears to have been conducted last fall. A majority of the 80-plus page interview is dedicated to sharp criticism of ISIS, the terror group that split from al Qaeda in recent years and one that Gadahn says “is already known to be responsible for the murder and killing of a large number of Muslims on the flimsiest of pretexts.” 
  
 “Does anyone think [Osama bin Laden and other al Qaeda figures] were calling on them to bring the wrath of the entire world down on Iraq and Syria by attacking and displacing largely powerless and defenseless minorities and slaughtering their men and enslaving their women and children?... Of course not!” he said. “Frankly, all of us used to be sympathetic to varying degrees towards the Islamic State of Iraq [ISIS] -- despite its mistakes –- when it was seen as a weak and oppressed force valiantly fighting brutal tyrannies. But now that it has become clear that it has – unfortunately – adopted some of the traits, methods and tactics of those same tyrannies, it no longer holds the same place in our hearts that it did once upon a time.” 
  
 AFP/Getty Images 
  
 Early last week ISIS released its most gruesome video yet -– one showing the execution of a dozen fighters, some purportedly members of al Qaeda’s Syria faction. Different groups of the men are drowned, blown up by a rocket-propelled grenade or decapitated with explosives. Friday an ISIS affiliate claimed responsibility for the bombing of a mosque in Kuwait, which killed 27 Muslim worshippers. 
  
 In addition to the mass killing of Muslims, Gadahn also took issue with ISIS’s on-camera murder of Alan Henning, a British humanitarian. Henning was one of a string of Western hostages, including three Americans, to be executed by ISIS. Gadahn claimed that al Qaeda went as far as demanding ISIS release Henning because he was an aid worker. 
  
 “…[T]he brothers in An-Nusra [al Qaeda’s faction in Syria] sought the release of Henning soon after his kidnapping, but regrettably, their appeals – like the rest – fell on deaf ears,” Gadahn said. “Alan Henning didn’t go to Syria as a soldier or a spy. He went to Syria as a member of a Muslim aid convoy to distribute relief supplies to displaced and needy Syrians. But rather than thank him, some interlopers rewarded him first by kidnapping him and then by slaughtering him on camera.” 
  
 But Gadahn's sympathetic words are out of place compared to other parts of the interview, where the American celebrated the attacks on Canadian soldiers and the Canadian Parliament, and later described his jubilant reaction to the 9/11 attacks in which his organization killed 3,000 innocent Americans. 
  
 “It was a mix of surprise, amazement and exhilaration as well as some apprehension, at least in the beginning,” he said. Gadahn said he was in Kandahar, Afghanistan when it happened and that night “there was a celebratory atmosphere… People were congratulating each other on this incredible and historic victory with which Allah had favored us.” 
  
 And like ISIS, Gadahn also called for attacks in Western countries. 
  
 “We in al Qaeda have been consistent in calling for attacks on America and its Crusader allies,” he said. ||||| (CNN) He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda, speaking against his native country on behalf of a terrorist organization that's devoted blood and resources to attacking it. 
  
 But not anymore. 
  
 The White House announced Thursday that Adam Gadahn , 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation. Neither he nor Ahmed Farouq -- another U.S. citizen and al Qaeda operative who died in what the White House said was "likely a separate" operation -- was specifically targeted, according to the statement. 
  
 While he wasn't one of al Qaeda's top leaders, Gadahn was one of its most prominent members, given his many statements on behalf of the organization. 
  
 Also known as Azzam the American, he was born in 1978. His parents changed their name from Pearlman to Gadahn after their marriage. He grew up on a farm in rural California and at age 18 moved in with his paternal grandparents, who were Jewish. 
  
 He converted to Islam in 1995 and left the United States for Pakistan three years later. His father said Gadahn last contacted the family in 2002. 
  
 No pizza dinner in Pakistan 
  
 A former al Qaeda member who later grew disillusioned with the group told CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank that he was tasked with greeting Gadahn at Peshawar airport in September 1998. 
  
 Gadahn, who'd just just turned 20, had taken flights from the United States to London, then on to Karachi and Peshawar. 
  
 The former operative planned to take Gadahn to a pizzeria after he landed, before accompanying him by bus to al Qaeda's encampments in Afghanistan. But Gadahn told him he'd been longing for some Afghan food, so they went to an Afghan restaurant instead before setting out on the road. 
  
 The former operative said that after Gadahn joined al Qaeda, he was known as Abu Suhayb. 
  
 In the years after 9/11, Gadahn rose through the ranks in the tribal areas of Pakistan, becoming its chief official English-language propagandist. 
  
 He emerged in the mid-2000s on al Qaeda videos, including ones threatening attacks on Los Angeles and Melbourne, Australia. At first he was disguised. Sometimes he spoke in English, but in other videos he spoke in Arabic. 
  
 He urged Muslims to target American, Western and Jewish interests with hopes of toppling the regime in Pakistan, according to SITE, a group that monitors terrorists and terror activity online. 
  
 A federal grand jury in California indicted Gadahn in 2006 for treason and material support to al Qaeda, charges related to his alleged involvement in terrorist activities that included "providing aid and comfort" and other services to al Qaeda, the FBI said. He was among the FBI's "Most Wanted Terrorists." 
  
 In 2007, he appeared on another al Qaeda video in which he warned America to end its involvement in the affairs of predominantly Muslim countries. 
  
 "Your failure to heed our demands ... means that you and your people will ... experience things which will make you forget about the horrors of September 11, Afghanistan and Iraq and Virginia Tech," he said, the last reference being to the mass shooting at the Virginia university in 2007. 
  
 Tearing up his U.S. passport 
  
 In separate videos over the years, he criticized President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama, whom he called "a devious, evasive and serpentine American president with a Muslim name." 
  
 He also addressed his Jewish ancestry and tore up his U.S. passport on camera. 
  
 Gadahn appeared in videos commemorating the 9/11 attacks, some which included al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri. 
  
 He urged Muslims in the United States to stage their own lone-wolf attacks. 
  
 "America is absolutely awash with easily obtainable firearms," he said. "You can go down to a gun show at the local convention center and come away with a fully automatic assault rifle without a background check and most likely without having to show an identification card. So what are you waiting for?" 
  
 In other videos, he called Nidal Hasan, the Army officer sentenced to death in the 2009 shootings at Fort Hood, Texas, "the ideal role model for every repentant Muslim in the armies of the unbelievers and apostate regimes," and praised the 2012 killing of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens in Benghazi, Libya. 
  
 His final video was posted online in September 2014 by al Qaeda media wing al Sahab. He called for Muslims to work to overthrow governments in Saudi Arabia and Pakistan. 
  
 Cruickshank said Gadahn had begun to play an increasingly prominent institutional role inside al Qaeda. Among the documents recovered from Osama bin Laden's compound in Abbottabad after bin Laden's death was a 2011 letter from Gadahn making recommendations for al Qaeda's media strategy. 
  
 Gadahn was married to a Muslim woman from Afghanistan and reportedly had at least one child. |||||