Answer the following question: Information:  - Jeremy McGrath Supercross World is a Racing video game released in 2001 by Acclaim Entertainment . The game is endorsed by supercross star Jeremy McGrath and is the sequel to Jeremy McGrath Supercross 2000 . Soundtrack : Mudhoney - Let it Slide Stuck Mojo - Evilution Dry Kill Logic - Pain , Assfault Millecolin - No Cigar Fenix TX - Minimum Wage Drowning Pool - Follow Bodyjar - Not the Same  - The Nintendo Entertainment System (commonly abbreviated as NES) is an 8-bit home video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. The best-selling gaming console of its time, the NES helped revitalize the US video game industry following the video game crash of 1983. With the NES, Nintendo introduced a now-standard business model of licensing third-party developers, authorizing them to produce and distribute titles for Nintendo's platform.  - The is an 8-bit handheld game console released by Sega on October 6, 1990 in Japan, in North America and Europe, and Australia in 1992. The Game Gear primarily competed with Nintendo's Game Boy, the Atari Lynx and NEC's TurboExpress. The handheld shares much of its hardware with the Master System and is able to play its own titles as well as those of the Master System, the latter being made possible by the use of an adapter. Containing a full-color backlit screen with a landscape format, Sega positioned the Game Gear as a technologically superior handheld to the Game Boy.  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - The PlayStation 2 (abbreviated as PS2) is a home video game console that was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the successor to the PlayStation, and is the second installment in the PlayStation lineup of consoles. It was released on March 4, 2000 in Japan, October 26, 2000 in North America, November 24, 2000 in Europe, and November 17, 2000 in Australia. It competed with Sega's Dreamcast, Microsoft's Xbox, and Nintendo's GameCube in the sixth generation of video game consoles.  - The is a home video game console released by Sega on November 27, 1998 in Japan, September 9, 1999 in North America, and October 14, 1999 in Europe. It was the first in the sixth generation of video game consoles, preceding Sony's PlayStation 2, Nintendo's GameCube and Microsoft's Xbox. The Dreamcast was Sega's final home console, marking the end of the company's 18 years in the console market.  - The (abbreviated as GBA) is a 32-bit handheld video game console developed, manufactured and marketed by Nintendo as the successor to the Game Boy Color. It was released in Japan on March 21, 2001, in North America on June 11, 2001, in Australia and Europe on June 22, 2001, and in the People's Republic of China on June 8, 2004 (excluding Hong Kong). Nintendo's competitors in the handheld market at the time were the Neo Geo Pocket Color, WonderSwan, GP32, Tapwave Zodiac, and the N-Gage. Despite the competitors' best efforts, Nintendo maintained a majority market share with the Game Boy Advance. As of June 30, 2010, the Game Boy Advance series has sold 81.51 million units worldwide. Its successor, the Nintendo DS, was released in November 2004 and is also compatible with Game Boy Advance software.  - A personal computer (PC) is a multi-purpose electronic computer whose size, capabilities, and price make it feasible for individual use. PCs are intended to be operated directly by a person using a graphical user interface such as Windows. The versatility of a personal computer is greatly enhanced by the use of peripheral devices such as a keyboard, monitor, printer, mouse, speakers, and an external hard drive.  - The , referred to as GBC, is a handheld game console manufactured by Nintendo, which was released on October 21, 1998 in Japan and was released in November of the same year in international markets. It is the successor of the Game Boy.  - The , stylized as NINTENDO and often referred to as N64, is Nintendo's third home video game console for the international market. Named for its 64-bit central processing unit, it was released in June 1996 in Japan, September 1996 in North America, March 1997 in Europe and Australia, September 1997 in France and December 1997 in Brazil. It is the industry's last major successive home console to use the cartridge as its primary storage format, as all succeeding home consoles up until the Nintendo Switch used an optical format. In addition, current handheld systems (such as the PlayStation Vita and Nintendo 3DS) also use cartridges. While the Nintendo 64 was succeeded by Nintendo's MiniDVD-based GameCube in November 2001, the consoles remained available until the system was retired in late 2003.  - An arcade game or coin-op is a coin-operated entertainment machine typically installed in public businesses such as restaurants, bars and amusement arcades. Most arcade games are video games, pinball machines, electro-mechanical games, redemption games or merchandisers. While exact dates are debated, the golden age of arcade video games is usually defined as a period beginning sometime in the late 1970s and ending sometime in the mid-1980s. Excluding a brief resurgence in the early 1990s, the arcade industry subsequently declined in the Western hemisphere as competing home-based video game consoles such as Playstation and Xbox increased in their graphics and game-play capability and decreased in cost.  - The is a third-generation home video game console that was manufactured by Sega. It was originally released in 1985 as the Sega Mark III in Japan. After being redesigned prior to its North American launch, the console was renamed Master System and released in 1986 in North America, 1987 in Europe, and 1989 in Brazil. The redesigned Master System was also released in Japan in 1987. Both the Mark III and the original Master System models could play with both cartridges (or "Mega Cartridges", as they were officially called) and the credit card-sized Sega Cards, which retailed at lower prices than cartridges but had lower storage capacity; the Master System II and later models did not have the card slot. The Master System also featured accessories such as a light gun and 3D glasses which were designed to work with a range of specially coded games.  - The is an 8-bit handheld video game device with interchangeable cartridges developed and manufactured by Nintendo, which was first released in Japan on , in North America on and in Europe on . It is the first handheld console in the Game Boy line and was created by Satoru Okada and Nintendo Research & Development 1. This same team, led by Gunpei Yokoi at the time, is credited with designing the Game & Watch series as well as several popular games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Redesigned versions were released in 1996 and 1998 in the form of Game Boy Pocket and Game Boy Light (Japan only), respectively.  - An electronic game is a game that employs electronics to create an interactive system with which a player can play. Video game is the most common form today, and for this reason the terms are often mistakenly used synonymously. Other common forms of electronic game include such products as handheld electronic games, standalone systems (e.g. pinball, slot machines, or electro-mechanical arcade games), and exclusively non-visual products (e.g. audio games).  - Jeremy McGrath Supercross 2000 is a supercross racing game for the Nintendo 64, Dreamcast, PlayStation and Game Boy Color. It was released in North America and Europe in 2000. The game is endorsed by supercross star Jeremy McGrath. Note that this game is not the same as the game "Supercross 2000", which was released in 1999 by EA Sports.  - Supercross 2000 is a racing game for the Nintendo 64 and PlayStation based on the motorbike racing sport of supercross. It was released at the end of 1999 by EA Sports, and includes campaign and multiplayer modes, as well as a "free play" feature for practicing tricks, similar to many other trick containing sports games. Supercross 2000 supports all of Nintendo's Pak peripherals. Controller Pak support is included to save settings, seasons and ghosts. Rumble Pak support is available to feel all the jumps and bumps. Expansion Pak support in the form of a high-res mode is also included.  - Acclaim Entertainment (stylized as A«laim) was an American video game developer and publisher. It developed, published, marketed and distributed interactive entertainment software for a variety of hardware platforms, including Mega Drive/Genesis, Saturn, Dreamcast, and Game Gear, Nintendo Entertainment System, Super NES, Nintendo 64, GameCube, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, and Game Boy Advance, PlayStation and PlayStation 2, Xbox, personal computer systems and arcade games. They also released video games for the Master System in Europe.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'jeremy mcgrath supercross world' exhibits the relationship of 'platform'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - atari  - dreamcast  - game boy  - game boy color  - game boy line  - handheld  - neo geo pocket  - neo geo pocket color  - nintendo 64  - nintendo entertainment system  - personal computer  - playstation  - playstation 2  - sony computer entertainment  - video game console  - windows  - wonderswan
Answer: