By. Daily Mail Reporter. Last updated at 3:19 PM on 20th July 2011. Under pressure: David Cameron leaves Downing Street on his way to address the Commons about phone hacking. Rupert Murdoch's company was guilty of ‘deliberately thwarting’ the criminal investigation into the News of the World, according to a hard-hitting report published today. The Home Affairs Select Committee study ‘deplores’ the behaviour of News International and condemns the police for bungling their investigation and getting too close to the Murdoch empire. The report raises questions about the honesty of former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks and Andy Hayman, who oversaw the original 2006 police probe of the newspaper. The development came before David Cameron made an emergency statement on the scandal to the House of Commons. He faced questions from MPs about his party's links to phone hacking suspect Neil Wallis. The Prime Minister arrived home from a. shortened trip to Africa last night as it was revealed that his. communications chief Andy Coulson, had been advised by Mr. Wallis in the run-up to the general election. In. a further extraordinary development, Labour MP Chris Bryant today. hinted that the Queen may have told Mr Cameron not to hire Mr Coulson. Mr Bryant told the BBC: 'Very senior. people at Buckingham Palace were very troubled by the appointment of. Andy Coulson and tried to make it absolutely clear to the Prime. Minister. 'I am not sure whether this information ever got directly to the Prime. Minister, but it certainly got to senior figures at Downing Street. 'The Queen's grandchildren had their phones hacked. And quite probably. other members of the Royal Household ... I think it would be perfectly. natural for very senior members of the Royal Family to be very troubled. about the appointment. 'After all, Andy Coulson was the editor of the. News of the World when the royal princes' phones were hacked. That is. not in dispute. Morning after the night before: Rupert Murdoch left his house today reading the front page of his paper The Times which covers his appearance at the Commons select committee. 'And Andy Coulson resigned from the News of the. World expressly because of the hacking of the royal princes' phones.' Mr Bryant did not name the Queen directly. His claim prompted a furious denial from Downing Street. A No 10 source said the allegation was 'scurrilous' and 'complete rubbish'. Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt leaves the House of Commons after Rupert Murdoch and his son James gave evidence. Today he defended the Prime Minister's handling of the scandal. In his statement Mr. Cameron will announce the names of the panel that will. look at press regulation and the final terms of reference for the. judge-led inquiry into claims about phone hacking and illegal payments. to police. But, after the Murdochs, Rebekah Brooks and senior police. officers were grilled in an extraordinary series of Commons committee. hearings, the Prime Minister will now be in the firing line. Aides. have indicated that he expects to be questioned by MPs on the admission. last night that Coulson, ex-News of the World editor, was received help. from Wallis, former deputy editor at the same newspaper. Both men have. been arrested and bailed in connection with the Scotland Yard hacking. inquiry. A senior Cabinet minister defended Mr  Cameron's handling of the News of the World phone-hacking scandal today as the Prime Minister prepared to face a barrage of MPs' questions over his role in the affair. Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt denied that the continuing political firestorm represented the biggest crisis of Mr Cameron's premiership so far. But he acknowledged that the Prime Minister needed to demonstrate he was capable of the leadership needed to sort out the crisis which has rocked politicians, police and the media. He said Mr Cameron 'didn't have a crystal ball" but has made big decisions 'to sort this out'. He told BBC Breakfast: 'What we've seen is that he's recalled Parliament, he's got an independent police inquiry, he's got an independent judge-led inquiry, he's published all the meetings he's had with media owners and said in the future ministers will publish all the meetings that they have with media proprietors, so he's done more in a couple of weeks than I think any other prime minister has done in a couple of decades and I think that is the key judgment call that the people of Britain will be looking for him to make.' Mr Hunt added the Murdochs' committee hearing had shown that 'so much wrongdoing seemed to happen without the knowledge of the people at the top'. He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'But it does seem like a huge amount was going wrong in that organisation and no one felt it necessary to tell the person at the top, and I think that was something that will have worried a lot of people.' The report raises issues about the honesty of former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks, left. It also said the conduct of former assistant Met commissioner Andy Hayman, right, during the investigation and 'during our evidence session was both unprofessional and inappropriate’ Scotland Yard's current communications chief Dick Fedorcio, left, was also criticised for apparently showing 'no due diligence' in conducting proper checks on Neil Wallis, right, the ex-News of the World deputy editor. The Conservatives disclosed yesterday. that former News of the World deputy editor Neil Wallis had given. informal advice to Andy Coulson when he was Mr Cameron's communications. director in the run-up to the general election. The role of Mr Wallis - who was. arrested last week by police investigating the phone-hacking allegations. - was already under scrutiny after it was disclosed that he had been. working for Scotland Yard as a part-time PR consultant. In a further twist, Downing Street. released emails yesterday showing that Mr Cameron's chief of staff Ed. Llewellyn had prevented senior police officers briefing Mr Cameron on. the phone-hacking investigation. He wrote to Assistant Commissioner. John Yates telling him 'we will want to be able to be entirely clear,. for your sake and ours, that we have not been in contact with you about. this subject'. Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O'Donnell. ruled last night that Mr Llewellyn had acted 'entirely properly' but the. disclosure is likely to increase the pressure on the Prime Minister. He is already facing demands to. apologise for appointing Mr Coulson after he quit as News of the World. editor in 2007 after royal reporter Clive Goodman and private. investigator Glenn Mulcaire were jailed for hacking the phones of royal. aides. The Home Affairs Select Committee said in its withering assessment today: ‘We deplore the response of News International to the original investigation into hacking. ‘It is almost impossible to escape. the conclusion that they were deliberately trying to thwart a criminal. investigation. We are astounded at the length of time it has taken for. News International to co-operate with the police.’ The. report points out that Mrs Brooks’s denial of knowledge of phone. hacking ‘is limited to her time as editor of News of the World’, a small. part of her career in News International. Holding hands, Rupert Murdoch and his wife Wendi leave Parliament after yesterday's hearing. And. it also raises concerns about her knowledge of illegal payments to. corrupt police officers. ‘She did not say that she had no knowledge of. specific payments but that she had not intended to give the impression. that she had knowledge of specific cases,’ the MPs conclude. The committee condemns the police,. singling out former assistant Met commissioner Mr Hayman,  criticising. his handling of the case, his social contacts with News International. executives and his decision to take a job with the firm after leaving. the police. It said:. ‘Mr Hayman’s conduct during the investigation and during our evidence. session was both unprofessional and inappropriate.’ There was also criticism in the. report for Dick Fedorcio, Scotland Yard's current communications chief,. for apparently showing 'no due diligence' in conducting proper checks on. Neil Wallis. Mr Wallis,. an ex-News of the World executive, was employed by the Met in 2009 and. was last week questioned about phone hacking allegations. The committee said it was. 'particularly shocked' by Mr Fedorcio's approach to hiring Wallis and. said he tried to deflect blame on to Mr Yates. MPs called for extra funding to support Operation Weeting, saying it would take years to inform all potential victims without it. They praised Deputy Assistant Commissioner Sue Akers' decision to contact all potential victims of phone hacking by the News of the World. But they said they were 'alarmed' that only 170 had have so far been informed, adding that 'up to 12,800 people may have been affected.' David Cameron chats to a mother about her twins during a visit yesterday to an immunisation clinic in Lagos, Nigeria. The Prime Minister cut short his visit to Africa so he could make a statement to the House of Commons today. ● Police officers will be jailed for accepting cash bribes from News of the World journalists, MPs were told yesterday. The newspaper is alleged to have paid tens of thousands of pounds to officers who supplied information. Asked by MPs on a parliamentary committee if any officers would go to prison, the outgoing assistant  commissioner of the Met Police, John Yates, replied: ‘If the corruption cases, which are very small in number, are properly investigated, I have no doubt.’ Mr Yates resigned from the force on Monday after he was told he faced suspension over his links to the newspaper.

What are highlight points for this article?