Here is a news article: A Dutch man barely out of his teens is leading one of the most ambitious ocean cleanup efforts ever: to halve the amount of plastic debris floating in the Pacific within a decade. 
  
 The man’s name is Boyan Slat, and he’s come up with a pretty ingenious way of doing it. Instead of clamoring around the globe on a never-ending junk hunt, he wants the ocean to “clean itself.” 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Every year, 8 million tons of plastic are dumped into the oceans. Slat’s plan is to place enormous floating barriers in rotating tidal locations around the globe (called gyres), and let the plastic waste naturally flow into capture. These barriers aren’t nets—sea life gets tangled in those. They’re big, V-shaped buffers anchored by floating booms. 
  
 Slat’s nonprofit, the Ocean Cleanup, says the current will flow underneath those booms, where animals will be carried through safely. The buoyant plastic is funneled above and concentrates at the water’s surface along the barriers for easy gathering and disposal. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Last month, it was announced that this ocean-cleaning system—which the company says is the world’s first—will be deployed in 2016. They’re planning to station it near the Japanese island of Tsushima, situated in between Japan’s Nagasaki prefecture and South Korea. The detritus-catching apparatus will be 6,500 feet wide and is being called the longest floating structure ever placed in the ocean. 
  
 Eventually, more of these storm-resistant, plastic-gathering structures will be placed around the world, if all goes according to plan. 
  
 This August, meanwhile, the Ocean Cleanup is sending 50 vessels to scour the area between Hawaii and California to make the first hi-res map of plastic floating in the Pacific. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Slat leads a team of 100 oceanographers, naval engineers, translators, designers, and others. He’s also getting support from key political figures, like the mayor of Tsushima and the mayor of Los Angeles. 
  
 The Ocean Cleanup started with a crowdfunding campaign last year that raised $2 million. Pretty incredible for a 20-year-old with a big idea. 
  
 Concept art credits: The Ocean Cleanup ||||| The world's first system designed to rid the oceans of plastic pollution will be deployed near Japan in 2016, with the aim of eventually capturing half of the plastic found in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch — a large concentration of marine debris located between Hawaii and California. 
  
 Boyan Slat, the 20-year-old Dutch CEO of The Ocean Cleanup, an organization dedicated to cleaning the world’s oceans, designed the system dubbed The Ocean Cleanup Array. 
  
 “I’ve always been interested in technology, and I was launching rockets at 12 years old,” Slat said. “Eventually I started studying aerospace engineering, but I dropped out to try to develop this ocean clean up idea.” 
  
 He said his inspiration for the organization came after a diving holiday in Greece where he realized he was coming across more plastic bags than fish. 
  
 “I wondered, ‘Why can’t we clean this up?’” Slat said. 
  
 Plastic debris, most of it in the form of tiny beads known as microplastics, can be found on up to 88 percent of the surface of all five oceans, according to a recent study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Because of swirling ocean currents, known as gyres, this plastic pollution has become concentrated in certain areas. 
  
 In other cases, ocean currents send plastic pollution toward certain islands or coastal areas in greater concentration than others. One such area is the Japanese island of Tsushima. 
  
 “The reason we picked that location is because the current and wave conditions are very favorable for our tests, and there really is a lot of plastic,” Slat said. “The island where we performed the test sees 30,000 cubic meters of trash wash ashore per year.” 
  
 So much plastic washes up on Tsushima’s shores that both the Japanese government and the island’s residents have agreed to work with The Ocean Cleanup on its pilot project planned for 2016. 
  
 The Ocean Cleanup Array — based on research by a team of 100 scientists and engineers and funded by a crowd-funding campaign — is a long, floating barrier that is moored to the seabed in an area that plastic debris gathers due to ocean currents, Slat said. As currents move plastic trash toward the area, the barrier blocks and gathers it onto a collection platform. 
  
 The array will span over 1 mile, making it the longest floating structure ever deployed in the ocean, according to a press release by The Ocean Cleanup. 
  
 The system works because most plastic trash floating in the ocean is found in the top two meters of the water, Slat discovered after leading four expeditions in different ocean locations to measure how deep the plastic could be found. 
  
 The array will be operational for two years, catching plastic before it reaches the shores of Tsushima, which is currently researching whether it can use the material for an energy source. 
  
 If the pilot project is successful, The Ocean Cleanup will begin a series of deployments of arrays of increasing scale, Slat said. 
  
 Within five years, the organization aims to deploy a 62-mile-long array that will be capable of capturing about half of the trash in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, Slat said. According to a feasibility study conducted by the team of 100 scientists and engineers working with Slat, the giant array will be able to do that over 10 years. 
  
 Critics argue that prevention and interception — stopping the plastic trash before it reaches waterways and oceans — is a more sustainable way to stop ocean pollution. 
  
 Tony Haymet, a professor at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at University of California, San Diego, said peer-reviewed studies from his former students’ 2009 SEAPLEX expedition showed that nearly all plastic pollution in the oceans is in microplastic form — “smaller than the size of about half a little finger nail.” 
  
 No system is able to extract the microplastic, Haymet said in previous comments. 
  
 “As far as I know — sadly — this remains true today,” Haymet said. “It’s a horribly tricky issue.” 
  
 Besides being hard to filter, microplastic — either from microbeads in popular beauty products or the broken down pieces of larger plastic items — gets into the stomachs of small fish, which are then eaten by medium-size fish, and on up the food chain, Haymet said. 
  
 In order to better the world’s understanding of the scale and size of plastic pollution in the Pacific Ocean, The Ocean Cleanup will carry out a “mega expedition” in August to measure the amount of trash found in the ocean between California and Hawaii. 
  
 “Up to 50 vessels will go to the Patch, thereby becoming the largest research expedition in history,” Slat said. The ships will stay there for about three weeks, taking measurements of the amount and size of plastic contained in the area. 
  
 “In that period we will take more measurements [of the Patch] than in the past 40 years combined,” Slat said. The Ocean Cleanup has recruiters throughout the U.S. looking for people with boats to join the expedition. They already have 15 confirmed, and a little over two months until the trip begins. 
  
 “It’s 63 days to go, so the pressure is on,” Slat said. ||||| Take advantage of natural oceanic forces 
  
 The Ocean Cleanup is developing a passive system, using the natural oceanic forces to catch and concentrate the plastic. Both the plastic and system are being carried by the current. 
  
 However, wind and waves propel only the system, as the floater sits just above the water surface, while the plastic is primarily just beneath it. The system thus moves faster than the plastic, allowing the plastic to be captured. ||||| This site makes use of third-party cookies for analytics. By continuing to use the site, you accept the use of cookies. Read more 
  
 Accept ||||| Our waters have a big problem, but Boyan Slat and The Ocean Cleanup Project have an even bigger solution. 
  
 This 20-Year-Old Captain Planet Is Going To Save The Oceans From All Our Garbage 
  
 As summertime approaches, many of us will be heading to the beach for some much needed R & R. We want the sand, the salty air and, of course, the ocean. Yes, we love the water, but right now it’s essentially sick — in fact, it’s estimated that 5.25 trillion pieces of plastic are polluting it right now. 
  
 Thankfully, Boyan Slat just might have the antidote our oceans need. The 20-year-old is an inventor and the CEO of The Ocean Cleanup, a not-for-profit organization he founded in 2013. The company has announced that in 2016, it will launch “the world’s first ocean cleaning system.” 
  
 The Ocean Cleanup 
  
 “Taking care of the world’s ocean garbage problem is one of the largest environmental challenges mankind faces today,” Boyan said. “This deployment will enable us to study the system’s efficiency and durability over time.” 
  
 .@BoyanSlat and Tsushima Island’s mayor sign Mutual Agreement for the coastal pilot. pic.twitter.com/J3aoqhi7p8 — The Ocean Cleanup (@TheOceanCleanup) May 28, 2015 
  
 So what exactly is the plan? Massive floating barriers called “the coastal pilot” will use the ocean’s currents to collect plastic debris. These barriers, “the longest floating structure ever deployed on the oceans,” will be stationed off Tsushima — an island located between Japan and South Korea. 
  
 The Ocean Cleanup 
  
 It’s just the first step in the project’s ambitious plan to clean up our waters. It’ll be a multi-year effort to get our waters back to how they should be: clean, healthy and free of trash. |||||
A summary of this is?