News article:

Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Lochte and three U.S. swimmers said they were robbed at gunpoint early Sunday, with Lochte saying their cab was pulled over by men impersonating police officers. 
  
 U.S. Olympic swimmers Gunnar Bentz (R) and Jack Conger are mobbed by the media and onlookers while leaving the police station after questioning in Rio de Janiero. (Photo: Chris McGrath/Getty) 
  
 RIO DE JANEIRO — A day after leaving Brazil, American swimmer Gunnar Bentz offered an apology for his role in a late-night incident that drew international attention after teammate Ryan Lochte claimed they had been robbed at gunpoint and local police called that a fabrication. 
  
 But Bentz also said surveillance videos from the gas station where the incident occurred appear to be missing camera angles and scenes that support the four U.S. swimmers' accounts. And he supported Lochte's account that money was demanded from the swimmers at gunpoint before they were allowed to leave. 
  
 In a statement released by the University of Georgia, where Bentz is a junior, he provided details of the account he gave Rio police after he and teammate Jack Conger were pulled off a plane on Wednesday and prevented from leaving the country. 
  
 Bentz' version largely supports what Lochte has asserted about the swimmers being in a cab that was approached by armed men who flashed a badge and pointed guns at them, but his statement also rejected Lochte's initial version. And Bentz was critical of Lochte, who Bentz said got into a “heated verbal exchange” with security guards. 
  
 “Without question, I am taking away a valuable life lesson from this situation,” Bentz wrote in a statement where he apologized to the U.S. Olympic Committee, USA Swimming, Team USA athletes and the university. “In everything I do, I am representing my family, my country and my school,” he said. “I will not take that responsibility lightly.” 
  
 In his statement, Bentz admits the swimmers, who had been drinking at a party and were on their way back to the Olympic Village, stopped at a gas station to use the restroom but instead relieved themselves behind the building. Bentz said Lochte was the one who “pulled to the ground a framed metal advertisement that was loosely anchored to the brick wall.” 
  
 Vandalism denied 
  
 Bentz said he did not see anyone trash the restroom at the station, or even enter it. Fernando Veloso, Rio's chief of police, had said the swimmers vandalized the station's restroom – allegedly breaking open the door, causing damage to a mirror and ripping a soap dispenser off the wall. 
  
 "There was a locked door out back and I did not witness anyone breaking it open," Bentz said. Bentz said there was no damage to the restroom to the best of his knowledge. 
  
 Video shot by USA TODAY Sports of the bathroom on Thursday found the bathroom intact — the soap dispenser hung on the wall and the mirror was not damaged. 
  
 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Raw security footage shows the U.S. swimmers at the gas station the night of the now debunked robbery. USA TODAY 
  
 After the four men had returned to the vehicle, according to Bentz’s account, two men approached the vehicle and told them to get out. As Conger and Jimmy Feigen walked away, a security guard held up his badge and drew his handgun, Bentz said. 
  
 Bentz said he called his teammates back, and a second guard pointed his gun at the swimmers. 
  
 "Again, I cannot speak to his actions, but Ryan stood up and began to yell at the guards,” Bentz said. “After Jack and I both tugged at him in an attempt to get him to sit back down, Ryan and the security guards had a heated verbal exchange, but no physical contact was made.” 
  
 Bentz’s statement aligned with that of a witness, Fernando Deluz, a disc jockey who told the Globo television network that he became an impromptu translator. Deluz said the only discussions between the swimmers and the guards were about minor damage — the sign that was knocked off a wall. 
  
 Bentz said through an interpreter, one of the guards holding a gun on them demanded that the swimmers pay for knocking the sign down to be allowed to leave. He said he gave them $20 and Feigen gave them 100 Reals, which is about $33. 
  
 “They lowered the guns and I used hand gestures to ask if it was okay to leave and they said yes,” he said. 
  
 Incomplete videos 
  
 Bentz stressed that he was never a suspect in the matter and that he has not made any false statements to Rio authorities. 
  
 Bentz’s account refutes Lochte’s original story that the taxi the swimmers were riding in was pulled over. But it closely matches the version Lochte gave on Wednesday to NBC's Matt Lauer, as it appears on the video that the guards did stop the cabbie from pulling away. Lochte said when the cabbie refused to go and the armed men approached the car, he thought they were being robbed, Lauer said . 
  
 Bentz’s statement also refutes one by Veloso that two women were with the swimmers. Bentz said the swimmers and driver were the only ones in the cab. 
  
 Bentz also questioned whether the videos released so far show a complete account of what happened. 
  
 “Videos of this situation have been emerging the last several days” he said. “However, I am confident that some video angles have not been shown that would further substantiate my account. I also believe some scenes have been skipped over.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Every U.S. medal won at Rio Olympics ||||| (CNN) The following is a statement from U.S. Olympic swimmer Gunnar Bentz released by the University of Georgia on Friday. (Bentz's statement was released hours after fellow Olympian Ryan Lochte apologized for his behavior over the weekend at a Rio de Janeiro gas station.) 
  
 "I want to offer a sincere apology to the United States Olympic Committee, USA Swimming, the extraordinary women and men of Team USA, and the University of Georgia. Being a member of the Olympic Swimming Team was an honor and a dream come true. The accomplishments of my teammates were awe-inspiring and I'm so pleased I got to see them up close. I regret this situation has drawn attention away from the Olympics, which have been hosted so incredibly well by Brazil and its citizens. 
  
 "While I am anxious to put this matter behind me and rejoin my Georgia teammates in classes, practices and competitions, I feel compelled to stress several key points. 
  
 1. I was never a suspect in the case from the beginning (Brazilian law enforcement officials saw me only as a witness). 
  
 2. I never made a false statement to anyone at any time. 
  
 "I also want to be forthright about the details of what transpired last Sunday. What follows is consistent with the account I gave to the Brazilian authorities when I was interviewed for the first and only time on Thursday in Rio de Janeiro: 
  
 "After attending an event with several swimmers from different nations, I left in a taxicab along with U.S. swimmers Jack Conger, Jimmy Feigen and Ryan Lochte around 6 a.m. On the way back to the Olympic Village, we pulled into a convenience store to use the restroom. There was no restroom inside, so we foolishly relieved ourselves on the backside of the building behind some bushes. There was a locked door out back and I did not witness anyone breaking it open. I am unsure why, but while we were in that area, Ryan pulled to the ground a framed metal advertisement that was loosely anchored to the brick wall. I then suggested to everyone that we needed to leave the area and we returned to the taxi. 
  
 "Two men, whom I believe to have been security guards, then instructed us to exit the vehicle. No guns were drawn during this exchange, but we did see a gun tucked into one of the guard's waistband. As Jimmy and Jack were walking away from the vehicle, the first security guard held up a badge to me and drew his handgun. I yelled to them to come back toward us and they complied. Then the second guard drew his weapon and both guards pointed their guns at us and yelled at us to sit on a nearby sidewalk. 
  
 "Again, I cannot speak to his actions, but Ryan stood up and began to yell at the guards. After Jack and I both tugged at him in an attempt to get him to sit back down, Ryan and the security guards had a heated verbal exchange, but no physical contact was made. 
  
 "A man that I believe to be a customer approached us and offered to help as he spoke both English and Portuguese. Understandably, we were frightened and confused during this time. Through the interpreter, one of the guards said that we needed to pay them in order to leave. I gave them what I had in my wallet, which was a $20 bill, and Jimmy gave them 100 Reals, which is about $50 in total. They lowered the guns and I used hand gestures to ask if it was okay to leave and they said yes. We walked about a block down the street and hailed another taxi to return to the Village. 
  
 "Videos of this situation have been emerging the last several days. However, I am confident that some video angles have not been shown that would further substantiate my account. I also believe some scenes have been skipped over. Additionally, I would like to stress that our original taxi was not pulled over; the only occupants of the taxi were the four of us and the driver; and to my knowledge, there was no damage done to the door or the inside of the restroom. 
  
 "I am so thankful for the love and support of my family, my friends and my teammates during this time. Without question, I am taking away a valuable life lesson from this situation. In everything I do, I am representing my family, my country and my school. I will not take that responsibility lightly." |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?