Write a summary based on this article:

Elmira, N.Y. – Police are investigating a disturbing discovery in Elmira. An eight-month-old girl was found alive, in a garbage bag behind a home. 
  
  
  
 Court paperwork claims the child was left unattended for 72 hours. It alleges Harriette Hoyt, 17, of Sayre, Pennsylvania left her daughter in a plastic bag, covered her body and set the child near some bushes in the backyard of a home. It claims Hoyt did not attempt to check on the child and did not contact anyone else about her life or safety. 
  
 Our affiliate, WENY, reports neighbors who helped rescue the girl say they heard what sounded like a cat crying. When they went to investigate, they say a child’s feet were sticking out of the bag. 
  
 The child is in stable condition and now at Strong Memorial Hospital in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit. 
  
 Hoyt, 17, has been charged with second degree attempted murder. She was remanded to the Chemung County Jail. 
  
 Police ask anyone with information to call 607-737-5626 or the Elmira Police tip line at 607-271-HALT. 
  
  
  
  ||||| CLOSE Officials say Harriette M. Hoyt, of Sayre, was charged with second degree attempted murder after an investigation. Maggie Gilroy / Staff video 
  
 Harriette Hoyt (Photo: Provided) 
  
 An 8-month-old girl is expected to make a full recovery after being found alive more than 72 hours after being abandoned by her 17-year-old mother in a plastic bag behind an Elmira home, police say. 
  
 Harriette M. Hoyt, of Sayre, was charged with felony attempted second-degree murder, according to the Elmira Police Department. She put her daughter in a white plastic bag and abandoned her near bushes in the back yard of a residence in the 600 block of Walnut Street, court records state. 
  
 The infant girl, who was at an out-of-town hospital Tuesday, was discovered about 1 p.m. Tuesday by neighbors who heard what sounded like a cat crying outside a residence in the 600 block of Walnut Street, according to media partner WENY-TV. 
  
 Then they saw the girl's feet sticking out of the bag. 
  
 "Her legs were just dangling in the bag, her head was in the bag, her whole head was covered all the way down. I tore it," Kayla Seals, who rescued the girl, told WENY. 
  
 The neighbor said the child was filthy and covered in waste. After taking her out of the bag, they called the police and cleaned her up. 
  
 The infant was transported to a local hospital for evaluation and treatment. Although she was in stable condition, she was transported to another out-of-town hospital for further evaluation. 
  
 Police credited neighbors for rushing to alert authorities and rescue the child. 
  
 "Obviously, it's very heroic on their part to render aid, immediately get inside, as you would expect any decent human being to do," Elmira Police Sgt. William Solt said. "Washed up the baby as quickly as they could and did whatever they could until first responders arrived. They are truly heroes in this incident." 
  
 Chemung County Child Protective Services, New York State Police and the Chemung County District Attorney’s Office assisted in the investigation. 
  
 Hoyt was arraigned in Elmira City Court and remanded to the Chemung County Jail. She is scheduled to appear in court Monday. 
  
 If convicted of the attempted murder charge, Hoyt could be sentenced to up to 25 years in prison. The investigation is ongoing, police said. 
  
 Anyone with information is asked to call the Elmira Police Department at 737-5626 or its tip line at 271-HALT. 
  
 Follow @MaggieGilroy on Twitter 
  
 Kristen Roby contributed to this report. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://stargaz.tt/2wGqCLb ||||| 12:45PM UPDATE: A judge has set bail for Harriette Hoyt at $250,000 cash, $500,000 property bond. Hoyt is expected to be back in court on Monday, August 14th for a preliminary hearing before Judge Steven Forrest in Elmira City Court. 
  
 ELMIRA, NY (WENY) -- Seventeen year old Harriette Hoyt appeared in Elmira City Court again Wednesday morning, following an arraignment Tuesday night after her baby daughter was found alive in a trash bag behind a home on Walnut Street. 
  
 According to a criminal complaint filed in Elmira City Court, investigators say the child, who we now know to be an eight month old baby girl, was placed in a plastic bag and put near some bushes behind 609 Walnut Street, sometime between 11:00AM and noon on Saturday, August 5th. The child was found alive, but dehydrated and injured, by neighbors late Tuesday afternoon. Police say the child was in the bag in the backyard for over 72 hours, before she was discovered and rescued. 
  
 According to the court documents, Hoyt did not make any attempt to contact the child or anyone else in regards to the baby's life and safety during that time. After her court appearance Wednesday morning, Hoyt showed no emotion as she was led out of court and placed into a Chemung County Jail transport van in handcuffs. 
  
 Hoyt is charged with second degree Attempted Murder/Intent to Cause Death. 
  
 WENY News is continuing to follow this story today, and will provide updated information as we get it. 
  
 ORIGINAL STORY: http://www.weny.com/story/36090496/baby-found-alive-in-trash-in-elmira-northern-tier-teen-charged-with-attempted-murder ||||| 11PM LATEST INFORMATION: 
  
 Elmira Police have arrested a teenager from Sayre, Pennsylvania in connection to the baby girl found inside a plastic bag. 
  
 They say the teen has been arraigned in Elmira City Court and is facing attempted murder charges. 
  
 "You ain't got no right to do that to that baby. Ain't no right. And it really hurt my feelings. And I ain't got no kids, and you do that to a child, Lord," says Karen 
  
 Seals, who noticed the bag moving Tuesday afternoon. 
  
 Around 1:00 p.m., Elmira Police responded to a home on the 600 block of Walnut Street after a child had been found inside a plastic bag outside. 
  
 "Our officers responded and we did locate a small infant child approximately 12 - 16 months old that had apparently been abandoned behind a residence here," says Sgt. William Solt, with EPD. 
  
 Police say the neighbors who found the baby girl began to give her aid until emergency personnel arrived on scene. 
  
  
  
 "The good samaritans who found the child brought it inside, tried washing it up and immediately called 911. They rendered as much first aid as possible until emergency responders could arrive on scene. The child was immediately transferred to a local hospital and is currently in stable condition," Sgt. Solt says. 
  
 While the child was found Tuesday afternoon, police say she may have been left in the plastic bag overnight. 
  
 "Estimates of how long the baby was outside vary. We do believe that it's more than 12 hours at this point. We have people who said they thought they heard noises last evening. So there's no way to confirm this because, like I said, the child wasn't found until today," says Sgt. Solt. 
  
 The neighbors who made the initial discovery describe hearing odd noises, first thinking it may be an animal in distress. 
  
  
  
 "My sister came out off the porch and went to the side to the backyard of my neighbor's house with a stick, thinking it was a dog. We thought it was a dog 
  
 honey, and it wasn't. It was a baby!" Karen Seals says. 
  
 "I was going to go poke it to see what it was. I dropped that stick, looked down. I dropped it so fast, I walked up and I seen my baby - I'm calling it my baby - the baby, a little girl. Her legs were just dangling in the bag, her head was in the bag, her whole head was covered all the way down. I tore it," says Karen's sister, Kayla Seals, who rescued the baby girl. 
  
 Tuesday night, police arrested 17-year-old Harriette M. Hoyt of Sayre, PA. She's being charged with attempted murder in the 2nd degree, a class B felony. 
  
 Elmira Police are hailing the neighbors for their quick actions to help get the baby girl to safety. 
  
  
  
 "Obviously, it's very heroic on their part to render aid, immediately get inside, as you would expect any decent human being to do. Washed up the baby as quickly as they could and did whatever they could until first responders arrived. They are truly heroes in this incident," Sgt. Solt says. 
  
 Elmira Police say Hoyt was arraigned Tuesday night, and there are future appearances scheduled. 
  
 Stay with WENY News for the latest developments in this story. 
  
 9:10 PM UPDATE 
  
 Elmira Police have made an arrest in connection to the baby girl found in a plastic bag on Tuesday afternoon. Police say 17-year-old Harriette M. Hoyt, from Sayre, PA has been charged with attempted murder. 
  
 Harriette will be arraigned in Elmira City Court. The investigation does remain ongoing. 
  
 4PM UPDATE: Elmira Police confirm a young child was found in a garbage bag behind a home on Walnut Street. They tell us the female child was taken to the hospital, and is dehydrated but otherwise stable. 
  
 A neighbor who helped rescue the girl says they heard what sounded like a cat crying in a nearby yard. When they went to investigate, they say a child's feet were sticking out of the bag. They scooped up the child, called police and cleaned her up, saying she was filthy and covered in waste. 
  
 Police say Child Services is involved, but no one has been charged as of yet. 
  
 We are working to gather more information and will have a live report coming up on WENY News at 5:30 and 6PM. 
  
 ELMIRA, NY (WENY) - Elmira Police are on the scene at a home on Walnut Street. 
  
 Neighbors tell us a baby girl was found alive in the trash. WENY has a reporter on scene working to get more information. 
  
 Stay with WENY News for updates |||||

Summary: