Please write a short summary for the following article:

The 8 oddest courses in D.C. area colleges

Here is a list of some of the stranger courses offered at colleges in the D.C. region.

What got me started down this path was an article in Friday's Post about a new course at the University of Baltimore that examines popular culture through the lens of zombie films.

Thanks to the media relations teams at UDC, University of Mary Washington, Anne Arundel Community College and the College of William and Mary for suggestions, and to Jenna Johnson for the truly odd Georgetown offering below.

Please feel free to chime in with more nominees. I suspect I have barely scraped the surface.

1. Hallucinating. Georgetown University. The course description asks, "How can we be sure that we're not mistaken about everything? What kinds of things can we know for sure? What is knowledge anyway?"

2. Restorative Art I. University of the District of Columbia. This course, offered within UDC's Mortuary Science program, teaches students a lesson from the "Six Feet Under" playbook. Description: "An introduction to the physiognomy, surface bones of the cranium and face, modeling techniques, head shapes, facial profiles, structures of the ear, nose, mouth, and eyes."

3. Banned and Dangerous Art. University of Mary Washington. This freshman seminar examines banned music, dangerous poets and degenerate art.

4. Ancient Egypt: Sex/Drugs/Rock. Johns Hopkins University. This seminar "explores sexuality and the role played by mood altering substances in the Egyptian New Kingdom."

5. Sustainable Living: Raising Chickens at Home. Anne Arundel Community College. Here is the description for this noncredit course: "Enjoy farm fresh eggs from your backyard. Learn about zoning requirements, breed selection, chicken coop design, caring for chicks and general health maintenance."

6. Field School in Material Culture. College of William and Mary. In this cryptically named elective course, students at the largely smoke-free college plant, grow and harvest tobacco as a matter of Virginia history.

7. Philosophy and Time Travel. University of Maryland. Students in this summer course study the paradoxes of travel through time but are not permitted to fast-forward to fall.

8. The Male Experience. Frostburg State University. "Examination from a gender-sensitive perspective of factors affecting the development of male behavior in American society." An easy A for dudes?

Follow College Inc. on Twitter!

By Daniel de Vise | September 10, 2010; 4:38 PM ET Categories: Pedagogy | Tags: oddest college courses, strangest college courses, weirdest college courses Save & Share: Previous: Is college worth the money? Next: Kaplan responds to Education Department

This is what you call weird? I got college credit for a course in parapsychology many moons ago! We sat in a table-tapping session, tried to read auras and lots of other silly stuff. Talk about easy A!!!

Posted by: rumpy | September 11, 2010 2:06 AM | Report abuse

hello everyone,im wholesale supplier online

accept paypal or credit card and free shipping

We need your support and trust!!!

Dear friends, please temporarily stop your footsteps

To our website Walk around A look at

Maybe you'll find happiness in your sight shopping heaven and earth

You'll find our price is more suitable for you.

Posted by: shoestrade57 | September 11, 2010 9:59 AM | Report abuse

I'm sorry you think that restorative art is a weird thing to offer. In fact, it is a required subject in American Board of Funeral Service Education (ABFSE)- accredited programs in mortuary science. UDC's program is ABFSE-accredited.

Posted by: bucinka8 | September 11, 2010 10:07 AM | Report abuse

This is the course I am waiting for:

Field School in Material Culture. College of William and Mary. In this cryptically named elective course, students at the largely smoke-free college plant, grow and harvest hemp as a matter of Virginia history.

The dumbest course I've ever seen in a college catalog was at a community college in Oregon. It was entitled: YOUTH IN ASIA.

Posted by: alance | September 11, 2010 2:47 PM | Report abuse

What's really messed up is that a person can get a degree in "womens studies" but a single class on men is viewed as weird.

It says a lot about our gender biases in education. It's no accident boys are doing worse in schools than girls.

Posted by: Nymous | September 11, 2010 3:23 PM | Report abuse

You know, from my aged perspective (just got my Medicare card a week ago), these courses don't look at all weird, and several could be really good introductions to very important areas of knowledge. The Hallucinating one, for example, looks like it combines epistemology and cognitive psychology. More of that and we might have a better informed electorate. And courses that convey the message that history, ancient or modern, was real and where we came from are a good thing.

Posted by: TexLex | September 11, 2010 3:39 PM | Report abuse

Daniel, i daresay this article and your point of view illustrate what's wrong with the media today. Loosen up, realize that it's GOOD to take a disciplined look at alternative points of view prior to locking down one's perspective. Your article has the sophomoric tone i'd expect of one who doesn't realize there is often more to consider than is in our own experience...it's why we send our children to college!

Posted by: lats | September 11, 2010 3:57 PM | Report abuse

Wow, I would love to take some of these classes....VERY INTERESTING!!!

Posted by: bobby20 | September 11, 2010 6:18 PM | Report abuse

De Vise: you're playing right into the hands of those conservatives who want to do away with substantive higher education and turn our universities into giant vocational schools. These are the same politicians in Texas who pretend they just want "accountability", and who now require profs to post syllabi online, but who are actually just trying to eliminate whole programs that teach serious critical thinking. They take only the most superficial look at the classes being taught, without understanding the content at all. You are skating dangerously close to doing the same thing here. For example, James Mattingly's "hallucination" course is simply a straightforward course in epistemology, a core area of philosophy, and an area of thought that's extremely important to understanding sources of knowledge, including science and logic. Mattingly is a top philosopher of physics and chemistry, and I have no doubt this is a high quality class (we tried to hire him in my philosophy dept. a few years ago, but lost him to Georgetown). Clearly, the title of his class and the class description are just meant to entice students into what can sound like a very dry and technical subject. The other classes sound like they're doing the same thing -- trying to make a sales pitch for a traditional field of study. There's nothing wrong with that until pundits latch onto it as evidence of "weirdness" in education. I really expect more from you.

Posted by: crazycatlady | September 11, 2010 6:20 PM | Report abuse

De Vise: you're playing right into the hands of those conservatives who want to do away with substantive higher education and turn our universities into giant vocational schools. These are the same politicians in Texas who pretend they just want "accountability", and who now require profs to post syllabi online, but who are actually just trying to eliminate whole programs that teach serious critical thinking. They take only the most superficial look at the classes being taught, without understanding the content at all. You are skating dangerously close to doing the same thing here. For example, James Mattingly's "hallucination" course is simply a straightforward course in epistemology, a core area of philosophy, and an area of thought that's extremely important to understanding sources of knowledge, including science and logic. Mattingly is a top philosopher of physics and chemistry, and I have no doubt this is a high quality class (we tried to hire him in my philosophy dept. a few years ago, but lost him to Georgetown). Clearly, the title of his class and the class description are just meant to entice students into what can sound like a very dry and technical subject. The other classes sound like they're doing the same thing -- trying to make a sales pitch for a traditional field of study. There's nothing wrong with that until pundits latch onto it as evidence of "weirdness" in education. I really expect more from you.

Posted by: crazycatlady | September 11, 2010 6:21 PM | Report abuse

I guess it was a slow snark day. No other reason I can see for the Post to run this unfounded and rather ridiculous tripe.

Posted by: nan_lynn | September 11, 2010 8:13 PM | Report abuse

In the "cheap target" department, for sure -- pop culture studies classes are easy to mock (too easy, takes no originality or understanding of the material to make fun of it). Conservative musicologists used to deride the study of popular music, feeling that the music was not worthy of attention compared to the classics. An early rejoinder from one of the first to examine popular music from a scholarly perspective was that people spend up to three quarters of their lives surrounded by popular music, so it makes sense to understand what the stuff is and what effect it has on people.

I'm not saying that everything that comes out of the academy is worthy -- no doubt, there's a lot of junk. But, how can you tell if a line of research is stupid without becoming familiar with it? Reading a few course catalogs is not enough to do that.

Posted by: jamshark70 | September 11, 2010 9:11 PM | Report abuse

Summary: