Question: Information:  - The series centers on Link, the playable character and chief protagonist. Link is often given the task of rescuing Princess Zelda and the kingdom of Hyrule from Ganon, who is the principal antagonist of the series; however, other settings and antagonists have appeared in several titles. The games' plots commonly involve a relic known as the Triforce, a set of three omnipotent golden triangles. The protagonist in each game is usually not the same incarnation of Link, but a few exceptions exist.  - A planet is an astronomical body orbiting a star or stellar remnant that The term "planet" is ancient, with ties to history, astrology, science, mythology, and religion. Several planets in the Solar System can be seen with the naked eye. These were regarded by many early cultures as divine, or as emissaries of deities. As scientific knowledge advanced, human perception of the planets changed, incorporating a number of disparate objects. In 2006, the International Astronomical Union (IAU) officially adopted a resolution defining planets within the Solar System. This definition is controversial because it excludes many objects of planetary mass based on where or what they orbit. Although eight of the planetary bodies discovered before 1950 remain "planets" under the modern definition, some celestial bodies, such as Ceres, Pallas, Juno and Vesta (each an object in the solar asteroid belt), and Pluto (the first trans-Neptunian object discovered), that were once considered planets by the scientific community, are no longer viewed as such.  - An operating system (OS) is system software that manages computer hardware and software resources and provides common services for computer programs. All computer programs, excluding firmware, require an operating system to function.  - A Platform game (or platformer) is a video game which involves guiding an avatar to jump between suspended platforms and/or over obstacles to advance the game. The player controls the jumps to avoid letting the avatar fall from platforms or miss necessary jumps. The most common unifying element of games of this genre is the jump button, but now there are other alternative like swiping in touchscreen. "Jumping", in this genre, may include swinging from extendable arms, as in "Ristar" or "Bionic Commando", or bouncing from springboards or trampolines, as in "Alpha Waves". These mechanics, even in the context of other genres, are commonly called "platforming", a verbification of "platform". Games where jumping is automated completely, such as 3D games in "The Legend of Zelda" series, fall outside of the genre.  - DOS , short for "disk operating system", is an acronym used to describe the family of several very similar command-line computer operating systems for x86-based computers: primarily MS-DOS and PC DOS, but also DR-DOS, FreeDOS, ROM-DOS, and PTS-DOS. None of these systems were officially named "DOS", and indeed "DOS" is a general term for disk operating system.  - Ristar, released as in Japan, is a platform game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis, which released worldwide in February 1995. A Sega Game Gear game, of the same name and genre, "Ristar", was also released, which shared similar themes, while possessing different level design and gameplay mechanics.  - Microsoft Windows (or simply Windows) is a metafamily of graphical operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft. It consists of several families of operating systems, each of which cater to a certain sector of the computing industry with the OS typically associated with IBM PC compatible architecture. Active Windows families include Windows NT, Windows Embedded and Windows Phone; these may encompass subfamilies, e.g. Windows Embedded Compact (Windows CE) or Windows Server. Defunct Windows families include Windows 9x; Windows 10 Mobile is an active product, unrelated to the defunct family Windows Mobile.  - MS-DOS (; acronym for "Microsoft Disk Operating System") is a discontinued operating system for x86-based personal computers mostly developed by Microsoft. It was the most commonly used member of the DOS family of operating systems, and was the main operating system for IBM PC compatible personal computers during the 1980s and the early 1990s, when it was gradually superseded by operating systems offering a graphical user interface (GUI), in various generations of the graphical Microsoft Windows operating system by Microsoft Corporation.  - The Adventures of Captain Comic (or just Captain Comic) is a 1988 MS-DOS action-adventure platform game, reminiscent of "Metroid", and is one of the first side-scrolling platform games for the IBM PC. It was developed entirely by Michael Denio. The PC version of the game was distributed as shareware. Later a version for the NES was published by Color Dreams as an unlicensed title. Story. In the game, the player takes control of Captain Comic, who is on a mission to the planet Tambi, where the quest begins. Comic must find three artifacts, namely the Mystical Gems of Lascorbanos, the Thousand Coins of Tenure, the Crown of the Ages. To find them, he must travel through many varied environments. The game ends when Comic is in possession of the three treasures.  - The graphical user interface (GUI ), is a type of user interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices through graphical icons and visual indicators such as secondary notation, instead of text-based user interfaces, typed command labels or text navigation. GUIs were introduced in reaction to the perceived steep learning curve of command-line interfaces (CLIs), which require commands to be typed on a computer keyboard.  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - Color Dreams (d/b/a StarDot Technologies) is an American company formerly known for developing and publishing unlicensed video games for the 8-bit Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). The company left the video game industry in the mid-1990s, shifting its focus to IP cameras and related surveillance equipment.  - Michael Denio is the designer and programmer of the classic MS - DOS platform game , Captain Comic , and its sequel Captain Comic II : Fractured Reality . After writing Captain Comic for MS - DOS , Michael met staff of Color Dreams and wrote the Nintendo version of the game . He and the Color Dreams staff began writing another game , but Denio was eager to get on with the Captain Comic sequel , so the game was scrapped . Denio has stopped writing games after Captain Comic II and now works at Texas Instruments in North Dallas . Michael Denio wrote his own music for Captain Comic .  - Shareware is a type of proprietary software which is initially provided free of charge to users, who are allowed and encouraged to make and share copies of the program. Shareware is often offered as a download from an Internet website or as a compact disc included with a magazine. Shareware is available on all major personal computer platforms. The term shareware is used in contrast to open-source software, in which the source code is available for anyone to inspect and alter; and freeware, which is software distributed at no cost to the user but without source code being made available.  - IBM PC compatible computers are those similar to the original IBM PC, XT, and AT, able to run the same software and support the same expansion cards as those. Such computers used to be referred to as PC clones, or IBM clones. They duplicate almost exactly all the significant features of the PC architecture, facilitated by IBM's choice of commodity hardware components and various manufacturers' ability to reverse engineer the BIOS firmware using a "clean room design" technique. Columbia Data Products built the first clone of the IBM personal computer by a clean room implementation of its BIOS.  - Microsoft Corporation (commonly referred to as Microsoft or MS) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, Microsoft Office office suite, and Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface tablet lineup. As of 2016, it was the world's largest software maker by revenue, and one of the world's most valuable companies.  - Alpha Waves is an early 3D game that is combines labyrinthine exploration with platform gameplay. It combined for the first time full-screen, six-axis, flat-shaded 3D with 3D object interaction (like bouncing on a platform). Alpha Waves was an abstract game with a moody, artistic presentation, named for its supposed ability to stimulate the different emotional centers of the brain with its use of color and music.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'occupation' with the subject 'michael denio'.  Choices: - antagonist  - architecture  - captain  - computer  - designer  - engineer  - entertainment  - explorer  - game  - major  - member  - platform  - princess  - religion  - science  - travel
Answer: