Please answer the following question: Information:  - Halloween or Hallowe'en (a contraction of All Hallows' Evening), also known as Allhalloween, All Hallows' Eve, or All Saints' Eve, is a celebration observed in a number of countries on 31 October, the eve of the Western Christian feast of All Hallows' Day. It begins the three-day observance of Allhallowtide, the time in the liturgical year dedicated to remembering the dead, including saints (hallows), martyrs, and all the faithful departed.  - Columbia University (officially Columbia University in the City of New York) is a private Ivy League research university in Upper Manhattan, New York City. It was established in 1754 as King's College by royal charter of George II of Great Britain. Columbia is the oldest college in the state of New York and the fifth chartered institution of higher learning in the country, making it one of nine colonial colleges founded before the Declaration of Independence. After the American Revolutionary War, King's College briefly became a state entity, and was renamed Columbia College in 1784. A 1787 charter placed the institution under a private board of trustees before it was renamed Columbia University in 1896 when the campus was moved from Madison Avenue to its current location in Morningside Heights occupying of land. Columbia is one of the fourteen founding members of the Association of American Universities, and was the first school in the United States to grant the M.D. degree.  - Allhallowtide, Hallowtide, Allsaintstide, or the Hallowmas season, is the triduum encompassing the Western Christian observances of All Saints' Eve (Halloween), All Saints' Day (All Hallows') and All Souls' Day, which last from October 31 to November 2 annually. Allhallowtide is a "time to remember the dead, including martyrs, saints, and all faithful departed Christians." The present date of Hallowmas (All Saints' Day) and thus also of its vigil (Hallowe'en) was established for Rome perhaps by Pope Gregory III (731741) and was made of obligation throughout the Frankish Empire by Louis the Pious in 835. Elsewhere, other dates were observed even later, with the date in Ireland being 20 April. In the early 11th century, the modern date of All Souls' Day was popularized, after Abbot Odilo established it as a day for the monks of Cluny and associated monasteries to pray for the dead.  - Drama is the specific mode of fiction represented in performance. The term comes from a Greek word meaning "action" (Classical Greek: , "drama"), which is derived from "to do" (Classical Greek: , "drao").  The two masks associated with drama represent the traditional generic division between comedy and tragedy. They are symbols of the ancient Greek Muses, Thalia, and Melpomene. Thalia was the Muse of comedy (the laughing face), while Melpomene was the Muse of tragedy (the weeping face). Considered as a genre of poetry in general, the dramatic mode has been contrasted with the epic and the lyrical modes ever since Aristotle's "Poetics" (c. 335 BCE)the earliest work of dramatic theory.  - Trick ' r Treat is a 2007 American - Canadian anthology horror - comedy film written and directed by Michael Dougherty . The film stars Dylan Baker , Brian Cox and Anna Paquin , and centers on four Halloween - related horror stories . One common element that ties the stories together is the presence of Sam , a mysterious child trick - or - treater wearing shabby orange pajamas with a burlap sack over his head , that makes an appearance in all the stories whenever someone breaks Halloween traditions . Despite being delayed for two years and having a very limited theatrical release , the film received much critical acclaim and has since garnered a strong cult following . In October 2013 , the filmmakers announced that a sequel , Trick ' r Treat 2 , is in the works .  - Superman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, high school students living in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1933. They sold Superman to Detective Comics, the future DC Comics, in 1938. Superman debuted in "Action Comics" #1 (cover-dated June 1938) and subsequently appeared in various radio serials, newspaper strips, television programs, films, and video games. With this success, Superman helped to create the superhero archetype and establish its primacy within the American comic book. The character is also referred to by such epithets as the Man of Steel, the Man of Tomorrow, and The Last Son of Krypton.  - Anna Helene Paquin (born July 24, 1982) is a Canadian-born New Zealand actress. Born in Manitoba and brought up in Wellington, New Zealand, Paquin studied at Hutt Intermediate School and the Wellington Girls' College in New Zealand before moving to Los Angeles during her youth where she studied at Windward School and went on to complete a year at Columbia University before leaving post-secondary to focus on her acting career. As a child, she beat 5000 candidates for the role of Flora McGrath in Jane Campion's romantic drama film "The Piano" (1993), despite having had little to no acting experience prior to getting the role. For her performance, she received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress at the age of 11, making her the second-youngest Academy Award winner in Oscar history.  - Superman Returns is a 2006 American superhero film directed and produced by Bryan Singer. It is based on the DC Comics character Superman and serves as a homage sequel to the motion pictures "Superman" (1978) and "Superman II" (1980), ignoring the events of "Superman III" (1983) and "" (1987) to create a soft reboot. The film stars Brandon Routh as Clark Kent/Superman, Kate Bosworth as Lois Lane, Kevin Spacey as Lex Luthor, with James Marsden, Frank Langella, and Parker Posey. The film tells the story of the title character returning to Earth after a five-year absence. He finds that his love interest Lois Lane has moved on with her life, and that his archenemy Lex Luthor is plotting a scheme that will destroy Superman and the world.  - Michael Dougherty is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter, known for his work with Dan Harris on the scripts for Bryan Singer's films "X2" and "Superman Returns". He's also known for writing and directing the cult horror film "Trick 'r Treat". On October 28, 2013, at a special screening, it was announced to the surprise of the audience that a sequel will be produced by Legendary Pictures. He also directed, co-wrote, and co-produced the horror/comedy "Krampus" (2015).  - Bryan Jay Singer (born September 17, 1965) is an American film director, film producer, writer, and actor. He is the founder of Bad Hat Harry Productions and he has produced or co-produced almost all of the films he has directed. He wrote and directed his first film in 1988 after graduating from university. His next film, "Public Access" (1993), was a co-winner of the Grand Jury Prize at the 1993 Sundance Film Festival. In the mid-1990s, Singer received critical acclaim for directing the neo-noir crime thriller "The Usual Suspects" (1995), which starred Stephen Baldwin, Benicio del Toro and Kevin Spacey. He followed this with another thriller, "Apt Pupil" (1998), about a boy's fascination with a Nazi war criminal.  - New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island, or Te Ika-a-Mui, and the South Island, or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long period of isolation, New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks, such as the Southern Alps, owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions. New Zealand's capital city is Wellington, while its most populous city is Auckland.  - The Piano is a 1993 New Zealand drama film about a mute piano player and her daughter. Set during the mid-19th century in a rainy, muddy frontier backwater town on the west coast of New Zealand, it revolves around the piano player's passion for playing the piano and her efforts to regain her piano after it is sold. "The Piano" was written and directed by Jane Campion, and stars Holly Hunter, Harvey Keitel, Sam Neill, and Anna Paquin in her first acting role. The film's score for the piano by Michael Nyman became a best-selling soundtrack album, and Hunter played her own piano pieces for the film. She also served as sign language teacher for Paquin, earning three screen credits. The film is an international co-production by Australian producer Jan Chapman with the French company Ciby 2000.  - Dame Elizabeth Jane Campion (born 30 April 1954) is a New Zealand screenwriter, producer, and director. Campion is the second of four women ever nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director and is the firstand thus far, onlyfemale filmmaker in history to receive the Palme d'Or, which she received for directing the acclaimed film "The Piano" (1993), for which she won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay.    What object entity has the relation of 'producer' with the subject 'trick 'r treat'?   Choices: - anna paquin  - benicio del toro  - brandon routh  - brian cox  - bryan singer  - columbia  - film producer  - harvey keitel  - jane campion  - kevin spacey  - legendary pictures  - mountain  - muse  - parker posey  - rome  - various
Answer: