Please briefly summarize this news article:

The New York Times

From now on, Mr. Whitehead gently signaled, their work would be humble, gradual, more likely to deal in shades of gray. The compromise was hard for some of the new activists to swallow. “I am so not convinced,” said Monay Vick, 36. “I believed in Clyde. If you don’t believe something, how do you convince someone else?”

When he threw his weight behind Mr. Vanel, 35, a lawyer who challenged Mr. Comrie, 51, a two-term councilman, Mr. Whitehead had gambled that thousands of new voters who had registered for the Obama campaign would tip the balance in a Democratic primary usually decided by a few thousand party regulars. Going door to door, his volunteers drew warm responses from people who said that incumbents too often catered to the neighborhood’s political insiders.

But as the polls closed on Sept. 15, red-eyed Vanel volunteers absorbed the preliminary results: Mr. Vanel, 38 percent; Mr. Comrie, 62 percent, amid a record low turnout citywide.

“So much for the Obama effect,” said Rance Huff, Mr. Comrie’s chief of staff. Mr. Comrie had just declared victory at the Guy R. Brewer United Democratic Club, the headquarters of the Queens party establishment, where paid campaigners, impatient for their cash, raised such a ruckus that someone called the police.

Later, though, Mr. Comrie’s staff members acknowledged that the challengers had forced them to campaign harder than ever before — and that in the process, they had gotten such an earful that the councilman planned to overhaul the way he communicated with the public.

“I was not happy with the level of reaction I got from people who felt they didn’t have a connection to the office,” Mr. Comrie said. Some, he said, had asked for help and had been disappointed, but many more simply knew little about their councilman.

The campaign seemed to remind some people about him. His staff believes it roughly doubled attendance at his office’s foreclosure-counseling seminars. Even Mr. Vanel got a few calls from people reporting, say, illegal car-repair shops. They thought he was the councilman.

The race even roused Archie Spigner, 81, the area’s political éminence grise who was elected its councilman in 1974 and served until 2002, when Mr. Comrie, his protégé, succeeded him. Mr. Spigner now concedes that the Brewer club needs to bring in a new generation, though he is not sure how to find young people who care about politics.

“Have a Friday night disco?” he mused. “I haven’t found them — maybe Mr. Whitehead has.”

As tickled as he was to have shaken things up, Mr. Whitehead, a retired subway station manager, had hoped for something more dramatic.

The Obama campaign electrified southeast Queens, the heart of middle-class black New York, even though elected officials there followed party orders and backed Hillary Rodham Clinton in the primary. Mr. Whitehead, who had helped build grass-roots support for Mr. Obama, thought that voters’ next step might be to throw some of those officials out.

But it seems the new Obama voters did not show up this time, said John Mollenkopf, director of the Center for Urban Research at the City University of New York. The number of new voters who cast ballots in September is not yet public, but there is a clear indicator: While 339,000 first-time voters cast ballots in November 2008, last month about 370,000 New Yorkers voted — total.

Mr. Mollenkopf said an Obama effect might yet materialize. Nearly half a million New York voters who registered in 2008 “are still out there” to be tapped, he said, and despite low turnout — which he blamed on the lackluster mayor’s race — council members faced more primary challengers than usual, and four lost, the most in decades.

“That augurs well for democracy,” Mr. Mollenkopf said.

Mr. Whitehead waited in his garage for a core group of 18 hard-working volunteers. He knew that on primary night, they had felt like rock stars. Mr. Vanel, dodging traffic, had turned a bus stop into a stage, shouting his pitch to weary commuters.

Outside a school, a dozen campaigners — including first-time volunteers on both sides — had shouted at one another in a campaign crescendo unlike any the area had witnessed in decades. Mr. Comrie showed up and danced. Passers-by debated the merits of youth versus experience.

Now, a week later, Mr. Whitehead already felt better. His cellphone rang nonstop. People inspired by Mr. Vanel — and by other upstarts like Lynn Nunes, who lost a race for City Council by four votes in a neighboring Queens district — wanted to start insurgent campaigns for low-level, usually uncontested offices like district leader. Comrie supporters whispered that Mr. Whitehead wanted his own machine, which he did not deny.

Pinned on the garage wall, over a marked-up Council district map, hung a pristine one that Mr. Vanel had fetched from the Board of Elections. The clean map showed Mr. Vanel’s State Assembly district: smaller, perhaps easier to win, up for grabs next year. (Mr. Vanel would not say whether he planned to run.)

Mr. Whitehead had made peace with the fact that some challengers in other districts had done better: They started campaigning earlier against less-popular incumbents. Mr. Vanel knocked on doors for five months and got 3,300 votes, more than some winning incumbents.

“Comrie had decades, and he got 5,800,” Mr. Whitehead told a volunteer. “Give us one year, and we could beat Leroy.”

The volunteers pulled up folding chairs next to boxes of leftover Vanel T-shirts and described how the campaign had changed their lives. Dymitra Etienne, 37, a nurse who met Mr. Vanel when he campaigned at a supermarket, was applying for a master’s program in health policy; Ruthie Campbell, 23, said she once planned to get rich, move away and send back money, but now believed in helping her neighborhood through politics.

“I’ve never been so passionate about anything outside of fashion,” declared Ms. Vick, a school transportation supervisor.

So Mr. Whitehead and Mr. Vanel asked them to commit to starting something like the Frederick Douglass Institute, the grass-roots research center that Mr. Whitehead had planned before he met Mr. Vanel.

They would stick to their core question: Why does the area — with income so high that Queens is the only borough where blacks earn more than whites — suffer from problems like gang violence, underperforming schools and dilapidated storefronts? But instead of research, they would focus on community organizing. Their first mission: Plan a town meeting on youth problems like violence and disaffection, and get 100 people to attend.

Yvonne Belizario, 27, who had spent months supporting a doomed challenge against United States Representative Charles B. Rangel, was skeptical. The town meeting could turn out like so many others: all griping, no follow-through. “I’m just eager to get to work,” she said.

On Oct. 2, a tragedy in the district infused the meeting plans with new urgency. Kevin Miller, 13, was walking to a McDonald’s when he was fatally shot — an innocent bystander, the police said, in a gunfight between teenage gangsters from the school where the campaign had its finale.

Three days later, Mr. Vanel joined a crowd of stone-faced politicians trying to squeeze into the television shot behind Kevin’s mother during a news conference while the boy’s father and brother stood awkwardly to the side. Mr. Vanel and Mr. Comrie both called for more community centers.

The local N.A.A.C.P. declared that a blue-ribbon panel would spend seven months studying youth violence. Mr. Comrie said he would start an antigang forum and push for better policing around schools, issues he has raised repeatedly. But many grumbled that it all had a familiar ring.

“Every time a child gets shot, we come together; we talk,” Adjoa Gzifa, president of the area’s Community Board 12, said at an N.A.A.C.P. meeting. “But we don’t get to any action.”

After much debate, the Vanel team members took to the streets for Mr. Thompson. It was their latest long-shot effort, and they combined it with their own agenda, handing out 1,000 fliers for their youth meeting, now suddenly timely.

At the meeting, on Oct. 17 at a church in Hollis, Queens, Michael Walker, 47, whose daughter attends Kevin’s school, expressed frustration that officials like Mr. Comrie could not improve schools more. But he admitted that he had not even known of Mr. Vanel’s campaign. “That’s part of the problem,” he said. “We vote people into office, and we sit back and wait.”

Mr. Vanel asked what each person could contribute. Jo-Ann Floyd-Whitehead, Mr. Whitehead’s wife and political partner, wrote it all down. Suddenly, there was a plan: Within weeks, they would open an improvised youth center. The church offered classrooms; the PTA, students. Hugh Byfield, 81, a neighbor and retired garment worker who first drew Mr. Whitehead into the Obama campaign, could teach fashion design. Mr. Walker — whose job had been outsourced to India — could teach computer skills. Others offered math, history, cooking, cheerleading.

The Vanel volunteers steeled themselves for disappointment. Even after a tragic killing only about 25 new people had shown up. And some of them might not deliver.

But Mr. Whitehead said the project was just a prelude, a way to inspire people to demand more of politicians, campaign against them, even run themselves.

“They will become the politicians,” he said. “That’s what I’m interested in.”

A version of this article appears in print on October 26, 2009, on Page A16 of the New York edition with the headline: In Queens, Still Cultivating the Grass Roots. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe

Summary: