Answer the following question: Information:  - Wiltshire (or ) is a county in South West England with an area of . It is landlocked and borders the counties of Dorset, Somerset, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire. The county town was Wilton but Wiltshire Council is now based in the new county town of Trowbridge.  - A unitary authority is a type of local authority that has a single tier and is responsible for all local government functions within its area or performs additional functions which elsewhere in the relevant country are usually performed by national government or a higher level of sub-national government.  - Clevedon is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of North Somerset, which covers part of the ceremonial county of Somerset, England. The town has a population of 21,281 according to the United Kingdom Census 2011.  - A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county, or it has been established over time as the "de facto" main town of a county. The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based. In fact, many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county. For example, Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire. Many county towns are classified as cities, but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not.  - The North Somerset Levels is a coastal plain, an expanse of low-lying flat ground, which occupies an area between Weston-super-Mare and Bristol in North Somerset, England. The River Banwell, River Kenn, River Yeo and Land Yeo are the three principal rivers draining the area.  - The Church of All Saints in Kingston Seymour , Somerset , England dates from the late 14th or early 15th century . It has been designated as a Grade I listed building . The base of the font is older than the church itself being Norman in origin . The church is almost surrounded by water and was inundated with water to a depth of 5 feet ( 1.5 m ) during the Bristol Channel floods , 1607 . A brass plaque in the church reads : `` An inundation of the sea water by overflowing and breaking down the Sea banks ; happened in this Parish of Kingstone - Seamore , and many others adjoining ; by reason whereof many Persons were drown 'd and much Cattle and Goods , were lost : the water in the Church was five feet high and the greatest part lay on the ground about ten days . WILLIAM BOWER '' The highest point reached by the water , which was 7.74 metres ( 25.4 ft ) , is marked on the church . The stained glass includes the Smyth - Piggot memorial in the west window which was replaced in a restoration of 1917 to designs by Roland Paul . The tower contains a peel of six bells , including three from 1632 which were cast by Purdues of Bristol . The parish is part of the Yatton Moor benefice within the deanery of Portishead . The shaft of the churchyard cross is 1.5 metres ( 4 ft 11 in ) high and stands on an octagonal base . The shaft was added in 1863 .  - Wales is a country that is part of the United Kingdom and the island of Great Britain. It is bordered by England to the east, the Irish Sea to the north and west, and the Bristol Channel to the south. It had a population in 2011 of 3,063,456 and has a total area of . Wales has over of coastline and is largely mountainous, with its higher peaks in the north and central areas, including Snowdon, its highest summit. The country lies within the north temperate zone and has a changeable, maritime climate.  - Taunton is the county town of Somerset, England. The built up area of the town had a population of 64,621 in 2011.  - Kingston Seymour is a small village and civil parish in Somerset, England. It is situated within the unitary authority of North Somerset, between Clevedon and Weston-super-Mare on the North Somerset Levels. The parish has a population of 338. The M5 motorway passes very close to the village.  - Dorset (or archaically, Dorsetshire) is a county in South West England on the English Channel coast. The ceremonial county comprises the non-metropolitan county, which is governed by Dorset County Council, and the unitary authority areas of Poole and Bournemouth. Covering an area of , Dorset borders Devon to the west, Somerset to the north-west, Wiltshire to the north-east, and Hampshire to the east. The county town is Dorchester which is in the south. After the reorganisation of local government in 1974 the county's border was extended eastward to incorporate the Hampshire towns of Bournemouth and Christchurch. Around half of the population lives in the South East Dorset conurbation, while the rest of the county is largely rural with a low population density.  - The M5 is a motorway in England. It runs from Junction 8 of the M6 at West Bromwich near Birmingham to Exeter in Devon. Heading south-west, the M5 runs east of West Bromwich and west of Birmingham through Sandwell Valley. It continues past Bromsgrove (and from Birmingham and Bromsgrove is part of the Birmingham Motorway Box), Droitwich Spa, Worcester, Tewkesbury, Cheltenham, Gloucester, Bristol, Weston-super-Mare, Bridgwater and Taunton on its way to Exeter, ending at Junction 31. It is the primary gateway to South West England. Congestion is common during the summer holidays, on Friday afternoons, and school and bank holidays on the section south of the M4.  - North Somerset is a unitary authority area in England. Its area covers part of the ceremonial county of Somerset but it is administered independently of the non-metropolitan county. Its administrative headquarters is in the town hall in Weston-super-Mare.  - Devon (archaically known as Devonshire) is a county of England, reaching from the Bristol Channel in the north to the English Channel in the south. It is part of South West England, bounded by Cornwall to the west, Somerset to the northeast, and Dorset to the east. The City of Exeter is the county town; seven other districts of East Devon, Mid Devon, North Devon, South Hams, Teignbridge, Torridge, and West Devon are under the jurisdiction of Devon County Council; Plymouth and Torbay are each a part of Devon but administered as unitary authorities. Combined as a ceremonial county, Devon's area is and its population is about 1.1 million.  - Somerset is a county in South West England which borders Gloucestershire and Bristol to the north, Wiltshire to the east, Dorset to the south-east and Devon to the south-west. It is bounded to the north and west by the Severn Estuary and the Bristol Channel, its coastline facing southeastern Wales. Its traditional border with Gloucestershire is the River Avon. Somerset's county town is Taunton.  - Bristol is a city, unitary authority area and county in South West England with an estimated population of 449,300 in 2016. It is England's sixth and the United Kingdom's eighth most populous city, and the most populous city in Southern England after London. The city borders the Unitary Authority areas of North Somerset and South Gloucestershire, with the historic cities of Bath and Gloucester to the south-east and north-east, respectively.  - Gloucestershire (; abbreviated Glos.) is a county in South West England. The county comprises part of the Cotswold Hills, part of the flat fertile valley of the River Severn, and the entire Forest of Dean.  - Weston-super-Mare is a seaside resort town in Somerset, England, on the Bristol Channel south west of Bristol between Worlebury Hill and Bleadon Hill. It includes the suburbs of Oldmixon, West Wick and Worle. Its population at the 2011 census was 76,143. Since 1983, Weston has been twinned with Hildesheim, Germany.  - The Severn Estuary is the estuary of the River Severn, the longest river in Great Britain. It is at the mouth of four major rivers, being the Severn, Wye, Usk and Avon, and other smaller rivers. Its high tidal range of about means that it has been at the centre of discussions in the UK regarding renewable energy.  - South West England is one of nine official regions of England. It is the largest in area, covering and the counties of Gloucestershire, Bristol, Wiltshire, Somerset, Dorset, Devon and Cornwall, as well as the Isles of Scilly. Five million people live in South West England.  - In England, a civil parish is a territorial designation which is the lowest tier of local government below districts and counties, or their combined form, the unitary authority. It is an administrative parish, in contrast to an ecclesiastical parish.  - The Bristol Channel is a major inlet in the island of Great Britain, separating South Wales from Devon and Somerset in South West England. It extends from the lower estuary of the River Severn to the North Atlantic Ocean. It takes its name from the English city of Bristol, and is over 30 miles (50 km) across at its widest point.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'church of all saints'.  Choices: - birmingham  - bristol  - bromsgrove  - central  - cheltenham  - clevedon  - cornwall  - cotswold  - devon  - dorset  - east  - england  - exeter  - forest  - forest of dean  - germany  - gloucestershire  - hildesheim  - kingston  - london  - north  - north devon  - north somerset  - nottingham  - of  - oxfordshire  - plain  - plymouth  - river  - sandwell  - seaside  - somerset  - south  - taunton  - tewkesbury  - torridge  - united kingdom  - wales  - west devon  - weston  - wiltshire  - worcester
Answer: