Information:  - Vivah is a 2006 Indian romance film, written and directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya. Starring Amrita Rao and Shahid Kapoor, it was produced and distributed by Rajshri Productions. "Vivah" tells the story of two individuals, and relates their journey from engagement to marriage and aftermath.  - Shahid Kapoor (born 25 February 1981), also known as Shahid Khattar, is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films. The son of actors Pankaj Kapur and Neelima Azeem, Kapoor was born in New Delhi. His parents separated when he was three, and he continued living with his mother. They moved to Mumbai when has was 10, where he joined Shiamak Davar's dance academy. Kapoor appeared as a background dancer in a few films of the 1990s, and was later featured in music videos and television commercials.  - Storytelling is the social and cultural activity of sharing stories, often with improvisation, theatrics, or embellishment. Stories or narratives have been shared in every culture as a means of entertainment, education, cultural preservation and instilling moral values. Crucial elements of stories and storytelling include plot, characters and narrative point of view. The term 'storytelling' is used in a narrow sense to refer specifically to oral storytelling and also in a looser sense to refer to techniques used in other media to unfold or disclose the narrative of a story.  - A website is a collection of related web pages, including multimedia content, typically identified with a common domain name, and published on at least one web server. A website may be accessible via a public Internet Protocol (IP) network, such as the Internet, or a private local area network (LAN), by referencing a uniform resource locator (URL) that identifies the site.  - A banquet is a large meal or feast, complete with main courses and desserts. It usually serves a purpose such as a charitable gathering, a ceremony, or a celebration, and is often preceded or followed by speeches in honor of someone.  - Romance films or romance movies are romantic love stories recorded in visual media for broadcast in theaters and on cinema that focus on passion, emotion, and the affectionate romantic involvement of the main characters and the journey that their genuinely strong, true and pure romantic love takes them through dating, courtship or marriage. Romance films make the romantic love story or the search for strong and pure love and romance the main plot focus. Occasionally, romance lovers face obstacles such as finances, physical illness, various forms of discrimination, psychological restraints or family that threaten to break their union of love. As in all quite strong, deep, and close romantic relationships, tensions of day-to-day life, temptations (of infidelity), and differences in compatibility enter into the plots of romantic films.  - Hattrick is a browser-based massively multiplayer online football management game developed in Sweden and started in 1997. Currently the game contains 128 different countries, each with its own league pyramid, and 53 different language versions. As of October 2016, the community of the game has about 300,000 users world wide, each with their own team. The number peaked in February 2009 with almost one million users. "Hattrick" has arranged 63 seasons as far as November 2016 (each of which lasts about four months).  - Sweden, officially the Kingdom of Sweden (Swedish: ), is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe. It borders Norway to the west and Finland to the east, and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund. At , Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area, with a total population of 10.0 million. Sweden consequently has a low population density of , with the highest concentration in the southern half of the country. Approximately 85% of the population lives in urban areas.  - Rajshri Media ( P ) Limited is a digital entertainment and new media arm of Rajshri Group . The Rajshri.com portal was launched on November 2006 by releasing online Barjatya - produced Hindi movie Vivah , followed by Hattrick , Life in a Metro and Blue Umbrella , among others . The company plans to reach its audience through all the four screens : Cinema , PC , Mobile , TV .  - Rajshri Productions Pvt. Ltd., established in 1947, is a film production company based in Mumbai, India, and primarily involved in producing Hindi films. This company produced several films that were critically acclaimed. The most popular films produced by the company include "Dosti" (1964), "Maine Pyar Kiya" (1989) and "Hum Aapke Hain Kaun" (1994).  - Drama is the specific mode of fiction represented in performance. The term comes from a Greek word meaning "action" (Classical Greek: , "drama"), which is derived from "to do" (Classical Greek: , "drao").  The two masks associated with drama represent the traditional generic division between comedy and tragedy. They are symbols of the ancient Greek Muses, Thalia, and Melpomene. Thalia was the Muse of comedy (the laughing face), while Melpomene was the Muse of tragedy (the weeping face). Considered as a genre of poetry in general, the dramatic mode has been contrasted with the epic and the lyrical modes ever since Aristotle's "Poetics" (c. 335 BCE)the earliest work of dramatic theory.  - Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight. It can be an idea or a task, but is more likely to be one of the activities or events that have developed over thousands of years specifically for the purpose of keeping an audience's attention. Although people's attention is held by different things, because individuals have different preferences in entertainment, most forms are recognisable and familiar. Storytelling, music, drama, dance, and different kinds of performance exist in all cultures, were supported in royal courts, developed into sophisticated forms and over time became available to all citizens. The process has been accelerated in modern times by an entertainment industry that records and sells entertainment products. Entertainment evolves and can be adapted to suit any scale, ranging from an individual who chooses a private entertainment from a now enormous array of pre-recorded products; to a banquet adapted for two; to any size or type of party, with appropriate music and dance; to performances intended for thousands; and even for a global audience.  - A blog (a truncation of the expression weblog) is a discussion or informational website published on the World Wide Web consisting of discrete, often informal diary-style text entries ("posts"). Posts are typically displayed in reverse chronological order, so that the most recent post appears first, at the top of the web page. Until 2009, blogs were usually the work of a single individual, occasionally of a small group, and often covered a single subject or topic. In the 2010s, "multi-author blogs" (MABs) have developed, with posts written by large numbers of authors and sometimes professionally edited. MABs from newspapers, other media outlets, universities, think tanks, advocacy groups, and similar institutions account for an increasing quantity of blog traffic. The rise of Twitter and other "microblogging" systems helps integrate MABs and single-author blogs into the news media. "Blog" can also be used as a verb, meaning "to maintain or add content to a blog".  - New media most commonly refers to content available on-demand through the Internet, accessible on any digital device, usually containing interactive user feedback and creative participation. Common examples of new media include websites such as online newspapers, blogs, wikis, video games and social media. A defining characteristic of new media is dialogue. New Media transmit content through connection and conversation. It enables people around the world to share, comment on, and discuss a wide variety of topics. Unlike any of past technologies, New Media is grounded on an interactive community.  - The Internet is the global system of interconnected computer networks that use the Internet protocol suite (TCP/IP) to link devices worldwide. It is a "network of networks" that consists of private, public, academic, business, and government networks of local to global scope, linked by a broad array of electronic, wireless, and optical networking technologies. The Internet carries an extensive range of information resources and services, such as the inter-linked hypertext documents and applications of the World Wide Web (WWW), electronic mail, telephony, and peer-to-peer networks for file sharing.  - Social media are computer-mediated technologies that allow the creating and sharing of information, ideas, career interests and other forms of expression via virtual communities and networks. The variety of stand-alone and built-in social media services currently available introduces challenges of definition. However, there are some common features.  - Amrita Rao (born 7 June 1981) is an Indian film actress and model. She has appeared in Hindi films of Bollywood and a few films in Telugu. Rao was born and raised in Mumbai; she made her screen debut in "Ab Ke Baras" (2002), for which she was nominated for the Filmfare Best Female Debut Award in 2003. One of her most popular roles was in the romance film "Vivah" (2006).     What object entity has the relation of 'headquarters location' with the subject 'rajshri media'?   Choices: - born  - celebration  - denmark  - drama  - europe  - finland  - global  - internet  - media  - mumbai  - new delhi  - norway  - sweden
Answer: