Write a summary based on this article:

60 Minutes's interview with Walter Isaacson, the authorized biographer of Apple founder and former CEO Steve Jobs, aired on CBS News around the U.S. at 7 p.m. local time Sunday evening. 
  
 The segment appeared two-and-a-half weeks after Jobs's passing, and less than 24 hours before Isaacson's biography hits bookshelves. Excerpts of the biography, which contains information derived from interviews with more than 100 individuals among his acquaintance, as well as some 40 interviews with Jobs himself, have already appeared at many media outlets. 
  
 Below, we've identified some highlights from the transcript of Sunday evening's segment. You can watch the segment in full here. 
  
 Jobs invited Isaacson to write his biography seven years ago. Isaacson thought the request "presumptuous and premature, since Jobs was still a young man." What Isaacson didn't know at the time was that Jobs was about to undergo surgery for pancreatic cancer. 
  
 Isaacson describes Jobs as "petulant" and "brittle." "He could be very, very mean to people at times. Whether it was to a waitress in a restaurant, or to a guy who had stayed up all night coding. … And you'd say, 'Why did you do that? Why weren't you nicer?' And he'd say, 'I really want to be with people who demand perfection. And this is who I am," recalls Isaacson. 
  
 Isaacson attributes much of Jobs's personality and drive to a few key moments in his childhood. Isaacson tells one anecdote involving the construction of a fence with his adoptive father Paul. "And [Paul] said, 'You got to make the back of the fence that nobody will see just as good looking as the front of the fence. Even though nobody will see it, you will know, and that will show that you're dedicated to making something perfect.'" 
  
 Jobs was also influenced by the Bay Area, and not just the Hewlett-Packard offices located nearby, but also its counter-culture spirit. "He was sort of a hippie-ish rebel kid, loved listening to Dylan music, dropped acid, but also he loved electronics," Isaacson describes. He says that when Jobs worked at game-maker Atari they had to put him on the night shift because he walked around barefoot and never bathed, and so employees didn't want to work with him. 
  
 Jobs took a seven-month leave from Atari to travel through India. His encounters there and with Zen Buddhism "really informed his design sense," says Isaacson. "That notion that simplicity is the ultimate sophistication [came from that trip]." 
  
 When Jobs returned, he began making a primitive computer for hobbyists in the garage of his parents with Steve Wozniak, Apple's other founder. They started with $1,300. By the time Jobs was 25 Apple was worth "maybe 50 million dollars," Jobs said in a taped recording with Isaacson. "I knew I never had to worry about money again." 
  
 Jobs also had a natural disregard for authority, and felt that normal rules didn't apply to him, Isaacson explains. One manifestation of that principle was visible in a Mercedes sports coupe he owned, which he refused to put a license plate on. 
  
 Isaacson says Jobs's house in Palo Alto is completely unremarkable. "[It's] a house on a normal street with a normal sidewalk. No big winding driveway. No big security fences," Isaacson says. He recalls that Jobs said he "did not want to live that nutso lavish lifestyle that so many people do when they get rich." 
  
 Jobs did meet his biological father, who once ran a restaurant in Silicon Valley. But Jobs never revealed to his father who he was. "I was in that restaurant once or twice and I remember meeting the owner who was from Syria," Jobs said on tape. "And it was most certainly [my father]. And I shook his hand and he shook my hand. And that’s all." 
  
 Jobs's cancer was discovered accidentally while he was being checked for kidney stones in 2004. A cat scan revealed a malignant tumor in his pancreas. Jobs delayed the operation for its removal for nine months while he tried a number of natural remedies first. By the time it was operated on, the cancer had spread to tissues around the pancreas. Isaacson says he believes Jobs regretted the delay. 
  
 Through 2008, Jobs continued to receive secret cancer treatment even though he was telling everyone he had been cured. The cancer had spread to his liver by this time. 
  
 In the last two-and-a-half years of his life, Jobs no longer wanted to go out or travel, but wanted to focus on the products he was building at Apple: namely, the iPhone and iPad. "I think he would've loved to have conquered television [as well]," says Isaacson. "He would love to make an easy-to-use television set. … But he started focusing on his family again as well. And it was a painful brutal struggle. And he would talk, often to me about the pain." 
  
 Jobs occasionally brought up the subject of death in their last meetings. "I saw my life as an arc and that it would end and compared to that nothing mattered," Jobs said in a taped interview. "You’re born alone, you’re going to die alone. And does anything else really matter? I mean what is it exactly is it that you have to lose Steve? You know? There’s nothing." ||||| Steve Jobs: Revelations from a tech giant 
  
 Steve Jobs was already gravely ill with cancer when he asked author Walter Isaacson to write his biography. Jobs told Isaacson to write a honest book - about his failings and his strengths. Steve Kroft reports. 
  
 (CBS News) 
  
 His products - the Mac, iPhone, iPad and others - forever changed the way we think about technology. But how should we think about the man behind them, Apple's hard-driving co-founder Steve Jobs? In the years before his death, Jobs granted biographer Walter Isaacson more than 40 interviews, many recorded on tape. The result, as Steve Kroft reveals in this two-part story, is a rich portrait of an extraordinary innovator, whose outsized talents were matched by very human limitations. 
  
 The following script is from "Steve Jobs" which aired on Oct. 23, 2011. 
  
 Seven years ago, Steve Jobs asked Walter Isaacson, a former editor of TIME Magazine, if he would write his biography. Isaacson, who has done books about Benjamin Franklin and Albert Einstein, thought the request presumptuous and premature, since Jobs was still a young man. What Isaacson didn't know at the time, and only a few people did, was that Jobs was about to undergo surgery for pancreatic cancer and was feeling his mortality. It speaks to the secrecy with which Jobs conducted his life and his business, adding mystery to an already compelling figure. 
  
 "60 Minutes" coverage: Steve Jobs 
  
 Complete coverage: Steve Jobs 1955 - 2011 
  
 In 2009, with Jobs already gravely ill, Isaacson began the first of more than 40 interviews with him - the last was conducted a few weeks before his death. Some of them were tape recorded and you will hear parts of them tonight. "I have no skeletons in my closet that can't be allowed out," Jobs said. And like a well-timed Apple launch, the book titled simply - "Steve Jobs" - will be in stores tomorrow just two-and-a-half weeks after he died. 
  
 "60 Minutes Overtime": Steve Jobs: Family photo album 
  
 "60 Minutes Overtime": What did Steve Jobs say about his rivals? 
  
 When Walter Isaacson first began working on the book, which is published by Simon and Schuster, a division of CBS, Steve Jobs' wife, Laurene Powell, told him, "Be honest with his failings as well as his strengths. There are parts of his life and his personality that are extremely messy. You shouldn't whitewash it. I'd like to see that it's all told truthfully." 
  
 Walter Isaacson: He's not warm and fuzzy. 
  
 And to do it, Isaacson interviewed more than 100 people - Jobs' friends, family, co-workers and competitors. 
  
 Steve Kroft: I think it's a tough book. 
  
 Isaacson: It's a book that's fair. I mean, this is a real human being. 
  
 Kroft: He had lots of flaws. 
  
 Isaacson: He was very petulant. He was very brittle. He could be very, very mean to people at times. Whether it was to a waitress in a restaurant, or to a guy who had stayed up all night coding, he could just really just go at them and say, "You're doin' this all wrong. It's horrible." And you'd say, "Why did you do that? Why weren't you nicer?" And he'd say, "I really wanna be with people who demand perfection. And this is who I am." 
  
 Isaacson believes that much of it can be traced to the earliest years of his life, and to the fact that Jobs was born out of wedlock, given up by his birth parents, and adopted by a working class couple from Mountain View, California. 
  
 Isaacson: Paul Jobs was a salt-of-the-earth guy who was a great mechanic. And he taught his son Steve how to make great things. And he--once they were building a fence. And he said, "You got to make the back of the fence that nobody will see just as good looking as the front of the fence. Even though nobody will see it, you will know, and that will show that you're dedicated to making something perfect." 
  
 Jobs always knew he was adopted, but it still had a profound effect on him. He told Isaacson this story from his early childhood during one of their many taped interviews: 
  
 [Steve Jobs, audio: I was, I remember right here on the lawn, telling Lisa McMoylar from across the street that I was adopted. And she said, "So does that mean your real parents didn't want you?" Ooooh, lightning bolts went off in my head. I remember running into the house, I think I was like crying, asking my parents. And they sat me down and they said, "No, you don't understand. We specifically picked you out."] 
  
  
  
  |||||

Summary: