SEATTLE, WA - Two women were found dead inside a University District apartment near the University of Washington Tuesday morning, according to Seattle police. It's unclear how the women died, but Seattle detectives have determined there are no suspects at-large. 
  
 According to Seattle police, the building manager went to a unit in the Malloy Apartments near the intersection of 15th Avenue Northeast and Northeast 43rd Street around 9:30 a.m. for a welfare check. That's when he discovered the victims. 
  
 According to Seattle fire 911 records, medics responded to 4423 15th Avenue Northeast around 9:30 a.m. The Malloy Apartments is a 123-unit building made up of mostly studio and small one-bedroom units. 
  
 The incident was originally reported as a stabbing. UW police sent out a campus-wide alert warning students to avoid the area just before 9:30 a.m. 
  
 "Homicide investigators are on scene and actively working to determine the circumstances of this case, and whether there are any outstanding individuals involved in this incident," Seattle police wrote in a bulletin Tuesday morning. 
  
 The King County Medical Examiner will determine the cause and manner of death. There hasn't been a double-homicide in the University District in at least 10 years. There have only been five homicides in the University District since 2008, according to Seattle police crime statistics. 
  
 There have been 18 homicides in 2018 in Seattle. The last occurred on Saturday in the International District. A 56-year-old man died after he was apparently stabbed in the leg, according to Seattle police. 
  
 Officers responding to stabbing at apartment in 4300 block of 15th Ave Ne. One woman with significant injuries. More details as this develops. 
  
 — Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) September 4, 2018 
  
 Photo via Google Maps ||||| Two women were found dead in an apartment building across the street from the University of Washington campus on Tuesday, police said. 
  
 The Seattle Police Department said the two women were in their 20s and “there are no outstanding suspects,” indicating the deaths may have been a murder-suicide. 
  
 The department said in a written statement that officers went to the apartment at about 9:30 a.m. Tuesday after building managers found a seriously injured woman inside. Officers entered and found the two women dead and one appeared to have been stabbed. 
  
 BLOOD DRIPPING FROM CEILING UNCOVERS APPARENT MURDER-SUICIDE, POLICE SAY 
  
 The King County Medical Examiner will determine the women's cause of death and confirm their identities. 
  
 Malloy Apartments, the building where the women were found, is a popular residential location for University of Washington students, Q13 Fox reported. 
  
 The news of the deaths rattled some neighbors. 
  
 “That’s just really terrifying to hear it’s close to where I am,” Anna Cinamon told Q13 Fox. 
  
 “It makes you stop and think, you know. Are you really as safe as you think you are?” Richard Johnson, a neighbor, said. 
  
 VIDEO OF FLORIDA MOM DUNKING 3-YEAR-OLD’S HEAD IN TOILET PROMPTS POLICE INVESTIGATION 
  
 “I’m absolutely going to make sure that the doors are locked and that everything like that is in order and use the buddy system,” he continued. “It’s really terrifying for sure.” 
  
 The Associated Press contributed to this report. ||||| “The room was locked from the inside when the building manager tried to gain entry, apparently adding substance to the theory there was nobody else involved.” 
  
 Kornkamol Leenawarat left from Thailand back to Seattle, Washington on August 21. Just two weeks later she has been found dead in her apartment along with the body of her roommate Thiti-orn Chotchuangsap. 
  
 The only daughter and youngest child in her family, Kornkamol returned home early last month to celebrate Mother’s Day on August 12 with her father and older brothers; her mother had already passed away. 
  
 Seattle police are investigating the murders of both Washington University post-graduate students. 
  
 Reports of the killings detailed how the victims’ bodies were riddled with knife wounds, causing alarm in Seattle that such a vicious act could occur in the quiet residential area close to the university and in a city regarded as one of the safest in the United States. 
  
 Kornkamol was studying law in Seattle, having graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Thammasat University and attained a master’s degree, also in law, from a university in Boston, Massachusetts. 
  
 Her family lives in Pathum Thani province, where they are well known, due to some of them being local politicians. They say Kornkamol’s ultimate goal was to one day become a judge. The only information to have emerged so far about Thiti-orn is that she was from Samut Sakhon province. 
  
 Deputy immigration police commissioner Itthipon Itthisarnronnachai said yesterday he had been notified that both bodies had been discovered on Tuesday bearing multiple stab wounds. 
  
 He declined to speculate on details surrounding the deaths, in particular on speculation in US media reports that this was a murder or murder-suicide. 
  
 The murder-suicide theory was raised following a report that the apartment was locked from the inside when a building manager went to check it at the request of Kornkamon’s family, made through their relative in the US. 
  
 Kornkamol contacted her family almost daily, so they were immediately concerned after they failed to reach her and university administration officers told them she had been absent from class for many days. 
  
 Ittipon confirmed the report that the room was locked from the inside when the building manager tried to gain entry, apparently adding substance to the theory there was nobody else involved. Moreover US police have declared that they are not seeking any suspects. 
  
 Speaking at the same press conference, Pol Lt General Suthipong Wongpin, immigration police commissioner, said immigration records showed that Kornkamol had left Thailand on August 21 and Thiti-orn on August 27. 
  
 Immigration police will liaise with relevant authorities to help the families of both women travel to the US. 
  
 An elder brother of Kornkamol, Weerasak Leenavarat, said that his family is in deep mourning for the loss of their friendly and lively daughter and sister. 
  
 SOURCE: The Nation 
  
  
  
  
  
 . ||||| The only daughter and youngest child in her family, Kornkamol returned home early last month to celebrate Mother’s Day on August 12 with her father and older brothers; her mother had already passed away. 
  
 Seattle police are investigating the murders of both Washington University post-graduate students. 
  
 Reports of the killings detailed how the victims’ bodies were riddled with knife wounds, causing alarm in Seattle that such a vicious act could occur in the quiet residential area close to the university and in a city regarded as one of the safest in the United States. 
  
 Kornkamol was studying law in Seattle, having graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Thammasat University and attained a master’s degree, also in law, from a university in Boston, Massachusetts. 
  
 Her family lives in Pathum Thani province, where they are well known, due to some of them being local politicians. They say Kornkamol’s ultimate goal was to one day become a judge. 
  
 The only information to have emerged so far about Thiti-orn is that she was from Samut Sakhon province. 
  
 Deputy immigration police commissioner Itthipon Itthisarnronnachai said yesterday he had been notified that both bodies had been discovered on Tuesday bearing multiple stab wounds. 
  
 He declined to speculate on details surrounding the deaths, in particular on speculation in US media reports that this was a murder or murder-suicide. 
  
 The murder-suicide theory was raised following a report that the apartment was locked from the inside when a building manager went to check it at the request of Kornkamon’s family, made through their relative in the US. 
  
 Kornkamol contacted her family almost daily, so they were immediately concerned after they failed to reach her and university administration officers told them she had been absent from class for many days. 
  
 Ittipon confirmed the report that the room was locked from the inside when the building manager tried to gain entry, apparently adding substance to the theory there was nobody else involved. 
  
 Moreover US police have declared that they are not seeking any suspects. 
  
 Speaking at the same press conference, Pol Lt General Suthipong Wongpin, immigration police commissioner, said immigration records showed that Kornkamol had left Thailand on August 21 and Thiti-orn on August 27. 
  
 Immigration police will liaise with relevant authorities to help the families of both women travel to the US. 
  
 An elder brother of Kornkamol, Weerasak Leenavarat, said that his family is in deep mourning for the loss of their friendly and lively daughter and sister. 
  
 It was especially traumatic, he said, for their father, whose health was already poor. 
  
 The rest of the family is now staying close to take special care of him at this time. 
  
 Weerasak posted a series of photos on his Facebook page of the day Kornkamol flew to the US. The images show everybody smiling as they see off a beaming Kornkamol at Suvarnabhumi Airport. 
  
 Weerasak called Kornkamol “our little sister who was always lively, friendly and brave”. 
  
 A relative wrote that the last words Kornkamol told her were: 
  
 “Don’t be so sad. I will only go to the US for a short period. I will come back very soon.” |||||

Write a summary.