An empty piece of land on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula has gone on the market for £6.25million – more than the price of a 38-bedroom castle in the Scottish Highlands. The muddy plot, the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row to go on the market, is now priced at £2m more than when it came with two houses. Despite being empty, the plot is the same price as an entire estate on the south shore of Loch Rannoch, Perthshire, which includes a castle, a swimming pool, 12 extra villas or bungalows, a sports hall, a golf course, a shooting range and an army assault course. If it sold at the asking price, the plot - which measures 27m by 18m - will equate to a staggering £1,161 per square foot. Scroll down for video. This narrow empty plot of land in the world-renowned Sandbanks area has gone on the market for a staggering £6.25million. The plot, the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row to go on the market, is now priced at £2m more than when it came with two houses. The area, which measures 27m by 18m and already has planning permission, will equate to £1,161 per square feet if it sells for the asking price. But looking at it from another point of view - literally - it's perhaps easy to see why the small area has gone on the market for such an eye-watering sum. The reason that the sliver of land is set to fetch such an eye-watering sum is because it backs onto the beach and is located on the narrowest part of the peninsula, meaning that it boasts two-way views, including over Poole Harbour. A property two doors down holds the record for the most expensive house on the peninsula per square foot. The detached house sold last year for £3.45million, which worked out as £1,725 per square foot. Sandbanks is said to be the fourth most expensive place in the world - behind London, Manhattan and Tokyo - to buy property and counts Harry Redknapp and his son Jamie among its residents. Prices in the area have soared in the past few years, with prospective buyers  even able to get more for their money in the exclusive London neighbourhood of Mayfair. At the moment, £6.75million could give buyers a two-bedroom flat, within spitting distance of Hyde Park. The latest plot in the exclusive resort has gone on the market after the owner decided to stay put in the house he currently rents. The owner initially bought the land, which included two 1960s houses, with the intention of building his dream home in their place. But while the planning application was being considered, he fell in love with the property he was living in and decided to remain there. He went ahead with knocking down the two houses on the Sandbanks plot, later securing permission for two four-bed houses, complete with their own gym and swimming pool. The planning permission stipulates that the twin properties would be 4,370 sq ft and 4,023 sq ft respectively and would be set over four floors with a terrace running all the way around. But whoever buys the land could face spending an additional £1million on building the new homes. When the existing owner bought the property, it consisted of two houses (pictured) which he knocked down to make way for his dream home. The site, situated in the sought-after resort of Sandbanks, backs onto the beach and boasts two-way views, including over Poole Harbour. Whoever buys the plot will face spending about £1m each on building the two new homes, which will be four-storey and four-bedroom. The owner intended to build his dream home on the plot but decided to stay in his current property, despite obtaining planning permission. The properties would be 4,370 sq ft and 4,023 sq ft respectively, set over four floors with a terrace running all the way round to enjoy the views. Sandbanks is said to be the fourth most expensive place in the world - behind London, Manhattan and Tokyo - to buy property. The prospective buyer will also count Harry Redknapp among their neighbours. The QPR manager bought his ultra-modern property with his wife Sandra for £3million in 2001 and commutes daily from his waterfront home to QPR's London-based ground Loftus Road. Troubled footballer Paul Gascoigne also reportedly moved to the exclusive resort earlier this year, where he is said to be renting a flash penthouse apartment. Other notable residents include a number of well-known names in football such as Crystal Palace manager Tony Pulis, former player and manager Graeme Souness, and Mr Redknapp's son Jamie. Computer magnate Sir Peter Ogden also has a home there. Adrian Dunford, of Tailor Made estate agents which is selling the empty plot, said: 'This is one of the few plots left along that section, most of the houses have now been replaced with new properties. 'A lot of those have been turned into apartments so they're unlikely to change again. A property in that particular area, two doors down from this one, holds the record for cost of a house per square foot. 'One of the reasons why the properties on that section go for so much is because of the two-way views. Historically that section has always been sought-after and the most expensive. Every home in the Sandbanks community (pictured from above) is within just a few minutes' walk of the beach, with most  enjoying stunning views over the harbour or out to the English Channel. The property market on the peninsula has shot through the roof in the past few years, with many houses being demolished and replaced with cutting-edge new properties to meet demand (pictured) 'On the peninsula the houses are much larger, 13-14,000 sq ft, they will change hands for £8million, but this bit is the narrowest part of Sandbanks so the houses there can only be about 4-5,000 sq ft.' He added: 'Generally they are second homes on that stretch but we are seeing a change in fashion. Historically everybody wanted large homes but we are seeing more people very happy to live in something smaller and easier to manage. 'A lot of people are using them as their main home in the UK but then also have another home in France, Barbados or Monte Carlo. It means they don't have a huge maintenance bill when they're away. 'In that area people are only going to move when they pass away, because where do you move from there? You've got a nice plot, with two-way views, waves crashing on the beach - it's a great place to live.' The empty plot is more than the price of an entire estate on the south shore of Loch Rannoch, Perthshire, which includes a 38-bedroom castle. The £6m estate, which has this view, includes a swimming pool, 12 extra villas or bungalows, a sports hall, a golf course and a shooting range. Located on a small peninsula stretching across the mouth of Poole Harbour in Dorset, Sandbanks - nicknamed 'Britain's Palm Beach' - is known for both its picturesque beach and the high value of its sought-after property. By area, Sandbanks and surrounding Lilliput, Branksome Park and Canford Cliffs boasts the fourth highest land value in the world and the UK's largest concentration of expensive properties outside London. Sandbanks's popularity is attributed to its seclusion, and every home in the community is within just a few minutes' walk of the beach, with most of them enjoying stunning views over the harbour or out to the English Channel. Houses were first built on Sandbanks in the late 19th century, but it was not until the 1960s when a property boom saw the peninsula - measuring less than half a square mile - become more and more built-up, turning into a Millionaires' Row filled with luxury beachfront mansions. The property market on the peninsula has shot through the roof in the past few years, with many houses being demolished and replaced with cutting-edge new properties to meet demand. In July 2009 a 14,990 sq ft (1,393-square-metre) empty plot of land on the peninsula was put up for sale for £13.5million – the equivalent of nearly £10,000 per square metre. In May, a bungalow bought for just £1,000 almost a century ago (around £40,000 in today's money) and now a luxury holiday home was reported to be now worth £5million - a 500,000 percent increase in value. Earlier this year a tatty 1950s three-bedroom Sandbanks bungalow which would be worth just £200,000 in most other parts of the country went on sale for an eye-watering £2.25million. Prospective buyers could even get more for their money in Mayfair, where £6.75m could buy you this two-bedroom flat. In March, an empty plot on the exclusive enclave went on sale for £3million - double what it had sold for before its old bungalow was knocked down. Last year, 15 homes were sold for a combined total of £80million as Sandbanks' reputation has continued to grow. Mr Dunford added: 'The land is worth more without the old houses on it because it's all about the potential use of the land. 'Generally you can get more square footage in a modern build than you could just ten years ago. Properties now can build one or two floors higher so you get a larger house and a more popular layout. 'Most of the older properties are only two storeys and generally don't take full advantage of the two-way view. Construction now with no pillars or internal walls means you can sit in your kitchen and look both ways with no obstruction. You just can't get that in a 1970s build. 'The key thing that drives the value is we're surrounded by water. What you have got in Sandbanks is all you have, it's not like a rural place where you can expand and build a new village. And the more popular it becomes the more in demand plots like this are. If you want to be here you have to pay the money and people selling know that.'
Summarize the highlights of this article.