Information:  - Lille  is a city in northern France, in French Flanders. On the Deûle River, near France's border with Belgium, it is the capital of the Hauts-de-France region and the prefecture of the Nord department.  - The English Channel ("the Sleeve" [hence ] "Sea of Brittany" "British Sea"), also called simply the Channel, is the body of water that separates southern England from northern France, and joins the southern part of the North Sea to the rest of the Atlantic Ocean.  - Oyonnax is the second most populated commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France. Its residents are known as "Oyonnaxiens".  - The Rhine (, , ) is a European river that begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps, forms part of the  Swiss-Austrian, Swiss-Liechtenstein, Swiss-German and then the Franco-German border, then flows through the Rhineland and eventually empties into the North Sea in the Netherlands.  The largest city on the river Rhine is Cologne, Germany, with a population of more than 1,050,000 people. It is the second-longest river in Central and Western Europe (after the Danube), at about , with an average discharge of about .  - France, officially the French Republic, is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories. The European, or metropolitan, area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans. France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017. It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre. Other major urban centres include Marseille, Lyon, Lille, Nice, Toulouse and Bordeaux.  - Lyon or (more archaically) Lyons (or  ) is a city in east-central France, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, about from Paris and from Marseille. Inhabitants of the city are called "Lyonnais".  - The euro (sign: €; code: EUR) is the official currency of the eurozone, which consists of 19 of the member states of the European Union: Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain. The currency is also officially used by the institutions of the European Union and four other European countries, as well as unilaterally by two others, and is consequently used daily by some 337 million Europeans . Outside of Europe, a number of overseas territories of EU members also use the euro as their currency.  - Nice (; Niçard , classical norm, or "", nonstandard,  ) is the fifth most populous city in France and the capital of the Alpes-Maritimes "département". The urban area of Nice extends beyond the administrative city limits, with a population of about 1 million on an area of . Located in the French Riviera, on the south east coast of France on the Mediterranean Sea, at the foot of the Alps, Nice is the second-largest French city on the Mediterranean coast and the second-largest city in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region after Marseille. Nice is about 13 kilometres (8 miles) from the principality of Monaco, and its airport is a gateway to the principality as well.  - The North Sea is a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean located between Great Britain, Scandinavia, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, and France. An epeiric (or "shelf") sea on the European continental shelf, it connects to the ocean through the English Channel in the south and the Norwegian Sea in the north. It is more than long and wide, with an area of around .  - Europe is a continent that comprises the westernmost part of Eurasia. Europe is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. To the east and southeast, Europe is generally considered as separated from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. Yet the non-oceanic borders of Europea concept dating back to classical antiquityare arbitrary. The primarily physiographic term "continent" as applied to Europe also incorporates cultural and political elements whose discontinuities are not always reflected by the continent's current overland boundaries.  - Ain (Arpitan: En) is a department named after the Ain River on the eastern edge of France. Being part of the region Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes and bordered by the rivers Saône and Rhône, the department of Ain enjoys a privileged geographic situation. It has an excellent transport network (TGV, highways) and benefits from the proximity to the international airports of Lyon and Geneva.  - A republic (from ) is a sovereign state, country, or government which is organized with a form of government in which power resides in elected individuals representing the citizen body and government leaders exercise power according to the rule of law. In modern times, the definition of a republic commonly refers to a government which excludes a monarch. Currently, 147 of the world's 206 sovereign states use the word "republic" as part of their official names; not all of these are republics in the sense of having elected governments, nor do all nations with elected governments use the word "republic" in their names.  - The Atlantic Ocean is the second largest of the world's oceans with a total area of about . It covers approximately 20 percent of the Earth's surface and about 29 percent of its water surface area. It separates the "Old World" from the "New World".  - Toulouse is the capital city of the southwestern French department of Haute-Garonne, as well as of the Occitanie region. The city lies on the banks of the River Garonne, from the Mediterranean Sea, from the Atlantic Ocean, and from Paris. It is the fourth-largest city in France with 466,297 inhabitants in January 2014.  The Toulouse Metro area is, with 1 312 304 inhabitants as of 2014, France's 4th metropolitan area after Paris, Lyon and Marseille and ahead of Lille and Bordeaux.  - Paris (French: ) is the capital and most populous city of France. It has an area of and a population in 2013 of 2,229,621 within its administrative limits. The city is both a commune and department, and forms the centre and headquarters of the Île-de-France, or Paris Region, which has an area of and a population in 2014 of 12,005,077, comprising 18.2 percent of the population of France.  - Bordeaux (Gascon Occitan: "") is a port city on the Garonne River in the Gironde department in southwestern France.  - The term cult usually refers to a social group defined by their religious, spiritual, or philosophical beliefs, or common interest in a particular personality, object or goal. The term itself is controversial and has divergent definitions in popular culture and in academia and has been an ongoing source of contention among scholars across several fields of study. In the sociological classifications of religious movements, a cult is a social group with socially deviant or novel beliefs and practices, although this is often unclear. Other researchers present a less-organized picture of cults on the basis that cults arise spontaneously around novel beliefs and practices. The word "cult" has always been controversial because it is (in a pejorative sense) considered a subjective term, used as an "ad hominem" attack against groups with differing doctrines or practices. Cults range in size from local groups with a few members to international organizations with millions.  - French Guiana (pronounced or ), officially called Guiana, is an overseas department and region of France, located on the north Atlantic coast of South America in the Guyanas. It borders Brazil to the east and south, and Suriname to the west. Its area has a very low population density of only 3 inhabitants per km, with half of its 244,118 inhabitants in 2013 living in the metropolitan area of Cayenne, its capital. By land area, it is the second largest region of France and the largest outermost region within the European Union.  - The Mediterranean Sea (pronounced ) is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean, surrounded by the Mediterranean Basin and almost completely enclosed by land: on the north by Southern Europe and Anatolia, on the south by North Africa, and on the east by the Levant. The sea is sometimes considered a part of the Atlantic Ocean, although it is usually identified as a separate body of water.  - The A404 autoroute is a motorway in France . The road connects A40 with Oyonnax and was completed in November 1997 .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'a404 autoroute' exhibits the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - ain  - anatolia  - atlantic ocean  - auvergne  - banks  - belgium  - bordeaux  - brittany  - canton  - central  - centre  - cologne  - cyprus  - earth  - east  - england  - estonia  - europe  - european union  - finland  - france  - french guiana  - french riviera  - geneva  - graubünden  - ireland  - liechtenstein  - lille  - lyon  - malta  - most  - nice  - north  - northern  - of  - oyonnax  - paris  - portugal  - provence  - rhine  - rhône  - river  - scandinavia  - slovakia  - south  - toulouse