Answer the following question: Information:  - Roy Halee is an American record producer and engineer, best known for working with Simon and Garfunkel, both as a group and for their solo projects.  - The Wall of Sound (also called the Spector Sound) is a music production formula developed by American record producer Phil Spector at Gold Star Studios in the 1960s, with assistance from engineers Stan Ross, Larry Levine, and the session musician conglomerate known as "the Wrecking Crew". The intention was to create a dense aesthetic that came across well on AM radio and jukeboxes popular in the era. As Spector explained in 1964, "I was looking for a sound, a sound so strong that if the material was not the greatest, the sound would carry the record. It was a case of augmenting, augmenting. It all fitted together like a jigsaw."  - World War II (often abbreviated to WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945, although related conflicts began earlier. It involved the vast majority of the world's nationsincluding all of the great powerseventually forming two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most widespread war in history, and directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries. In a state of "total war", the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Marked by mass deaths of civilians, including the Holocaust (in which approximately 11 million people were killed) and the strategic bombing of industrial and population centres (in which approximately one million were killed, and which included the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki), it resulted in an estimated 50 million to 85 million fatalities. These made World War II the deadliest conflict in human history.  - Larry Levine (May 8, 1928  May 8, 2008) was an American audio engineer, known for his cooperation with Phil Spector on the Wall of Sound recording technique.  - `` Bridge over Troubled Water '' is a song by American music duo Simon & Garfunkel from their fifth studio album , Bridge over Troubled Water ( 1970 ) . Produced by the duo themselves and Roy Halee , the song was released as the album 's lead single on January 26 , 1970 . Composed by singer - songwriter Paul Simon , the song is performed on piano and carries the influence of gospel music . The original studio recording employs elements of Phil Spector 's `` Wall of Sound '' technique using L.A. session musicians from the Wrecking Crew . It was the last song recorded for their fifth and final album , but the first fully completed . The song 's instrumentation was recorded in California while the duo 's vocals were cut in New York . Simon felt his partner , Art Garfunkel , should sing the song solo , an invitation Garfunkel initially declined . Session musician Larry Knechtel performs piano on the song , with Joe Osborn playing bass guitar and Hal Blaine closing out the song with drums . The song won five awards at the 13th Annual Grammy Awards in 1971 , including Grammy Award for Record of the Year and Song of the Year . The song became Simon & Garfunkel 's biggest hit single , and it is often considered their signature song . It was a number one hit on the Billboard Hot 100 for six weeks , and it also topped the charts in the United Kingdom , Canada , France , and New Zealand . It was a top five hit in eight other countries as well , eventually selling over six million copies worldwide , making it among the best - selling singles . It became one of the most performed songs of the twentieth century , with over 50 artists , among them Elvis Presley and Aretha Franklin , covering the song . It was ranked number 48 on Rolling Stone 's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time .  - "Mrs. Robinson" is a song by American music duo Simon & Garfunkel from their fourth studio album, "Bookends" (1968). Produced by the duo and Roy Halee, it is famous for its inclusion in the 1967 film "The Graduate". The song was written by Paul Simon, who pitched it to director Mike Nichols alongside Art Garfunkel after Nichols rejected two other songs intended for the film. The song contains a famous reference to baseball star Joe DiMaggio.  - Session musicians, also called studio musicians, are professional instrumental performers who can be hired to play at live performances or in recording sessions. Many session musicians specialize in playing rhythm section instruments such as electric guitar, piano, electric bass, double bass, or drum kit. Some session musicians "double" on multiple instruments, such as electric bass and double bass or keyboards and guitar, a skill that enables them to play in a wider range of musical styles. Usually such musicians are not permanent members of a musical ensemble with the singers/soloists that they are accompanying and they often do not achieve individual fame in their own right as soloists or bandleaders. However, some backing bands of session musicians have become well known (e.g., The Wrecking Crew). Skills and equipment. The term is applied to performers working in many musical styles, ranging from rock, R&B and soul music to country music. Versatility and excellent technique (having strong rhythmic sense, playing notes and chords correctly, excellent intonation, etc.) are two of the most important skills of session musicians, as they may have to perform songs, tunes and pieces from a range of different styles in a range of different settings, often with little or no rehearsal time or personal practice time. As well,session musicians have an extensive knowledge of musical styles and idioms.   - Gospel music is a music genre in Christian music. The creation, performance, significance, and even the definition of gospel music varies according to culture and social context. Gospel music is composed and performed for many purposes, including aesthetic pleasure, religious or ceremonial purposes, and as an entertainment product for the marketplace. Gospel music usually has dominant vocals (often with strong use of harmony) with Christian lyrics. Gospel music can be traced to the early 17th century, with roots in the black oral tradition. Hymns and sacred songs were repeated in a call and response fashion. Most of the churches relied on hand clapping and foot stomping as rhythmic accompaniment. Most of the singing was done a cappella. The first published use of the term "Gospel Song" probably appeared in 1874. The original gospel songs were written and composed by authors such as George F. Root, Philip Bliss, Charles H. Gabriel, William Howard Doane, and Fanny Crosby. Gospel music publishing houses emerged. The advent of radio in the 1920s greatly increased the audience for gospel music. Following World War II, gospel music moved into major auditoriums, and gospel music concerts became quite elaborate.  - "The Sound of Silence", originally "The Sounds of Silence", is a song by the American music duo Simon & Garfunkel. The song was written by Paul Simon over a period of several months in 1963 and 1964. A studio audition led to the duo signing a record deal with Columbia Records, and the song was recorded in March 1964 at Columbia Studios in New York City for inclusion on their debut album, "Wednesday Morning, 3 A.M.".  - Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the Western world as a softer alternative to rock and roll. The terms "popular music" and "pop music" are often used interchangeably, although the former describes all music that is popular and includes many styles. "Pop" and "rock" were synonymous terms until the late 1960s, when they were increasingly used in opposition from each other.  - Phillip Harvey "Phil" Spector (born Harvey Phillip Spector; December 26, 1939) is an American record producer, musician, songwriter, and businessman who developed the Wall of Sound, a music production formula he described as a "Wagnerian" approach to rock and roll. Spector is considered the first auteur among musical artists for acting not only as a producer, but also the creative director, writing or choosing the material, and masterminding all phases of the recording process. He is acknowledged as one of the most influential figures in pop music history.  - Paul Frederic Simon (born October 13, 1941) is an American musician, singer-songwriter and actor. Simon's fame, influence, and commercial success began as part of the duo Simon & Garfunkel, formed in 1964 with musical partner Art Garfunkel. Simon wrote nearly all of the pair's songs, including three that reached No. 1 on the U.S. singles charts: "The Sound of Silence", "Mrs. Robinson", and "Bridge over Troubled Water".  - A record producer or music producer oversees and manages the sound recording and production of a band or performer's music, which may range from recording one song to recording a lengthy concept album. A producer has many roles during the recording process. The roles of a producer vary. He or she may gather musical ideas for the project, collaborate with the artists to select cover tunes or original songs by the artist/group, work with artists and help them to improve their songs, lyrics or arrangements.     Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'record label' with the subject 'bridge over troubled water '.  Choices: - album  - columbia records  - conflict  - country music  - pop  - record  - wall of sound
Answer: