Answer the following question: Information:  - Comè is a town and arrondissement located in the Mono Department of Benin. The commune covers an area of 163 square kilometres and as of 2012 had a population of 33,507 people. It was home to a refugee camp for Togolese refugees until it was closed in 2006.  - Niger (or ), officially the Republic of Niger, is a landlocked country in Western Africa, named after the Niger River. Niger is bordered by Libya to the northeast, Chad to the east, Nigeria and Benin to the south, Burkina Faso and Mali to the west, and Algeria to the northwest. Niger covers a land area of almost 1,270,000 km, making it the largest country in West Africa, with over 80 percent of its land area covered by the Sahara Desert. The country's predominantly Islamic population of about 19 million is mostly clustered in the far south and west of the country. The capital city is Niamey, located in the far-southwest corner of Niger.  - The Atlantic Ocean is the second largest of the world's oceans with a total area of about . It covers approximately 20 percent of the Earth's surface and about 29 percent of its water surface area. It separates the "Old World" from the "New World".  - Agriculture is the cultivation and breeding of animals, plants and fungi for food, fiber, biofuel, medicinal plants and other products used to sustain and enhance human life. Agriculture was the key development in the rise of sedentary human civilization, whereby farming of domesticated species created food surpluses that nurtured the development of civilization. The study of agriculture is known as agricultural science. The history of agriculture dates back thousands of years, and its development has been driven and defined by greatly different climates, cultures, and technologies. Industrial agriculture based on large-scale monoculture farming has become the dominant agricultural methodology.  - Lomé, with a population of 837,437 (metro population 1,570,283), is the capital and largest city of Togo. Located on the Gulf of Guinea, Lomé is the country's administrative and industrial center and its chief port. The city exports coffee, cocoa, copra, and palm kernels. It also has an oil refinery.  - Burkina Faso is a landlocked country in Africa around in size. It is surrounded by six countries: Mali to the north; Niger to the east; Benin to the southeast; Togo and Ghana to the south; and Ivory Coast to the southwest. Its capital is Ouagadougou. In 2014 its population was estimated at just over 17.3 million. Burkina Faso is a francophone country and French is an official language of government and business. Formerly called the Republic of Upper Volta, the country was renamed "Burkina Faso" on 4 August 1984 by then-President Thomas Sankara. Residents of Burkina Faso are known as "Burkinabé".  - Porto-Novo (also known as Hogbonu and Ajashe) is the capital of Benin, and was the capital of French Dahomey. The commune covers an area of and as of 2002 had a population of 223,552 people.  - Ghana, officially the Republic of Ghana is a unitary presidential constitutional democracy, located along the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean, in the subregion of West Africa. Spanning a land mass of 238,535 km², Ghana is bordered by the Ivory Coast in the west, Burkina Faso in the north, Togo in the east and the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean in the south. "Ghana" means "Warrior King" in the Soninke language.  - Togo, officially the Togolese Republic, is a country in West Africa bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north. It extends south to the Gulf of Guinea, where its capital Lomé is located. Togo covers , making it one of the smallest countries in Africa, with a population of approximately 7.5 million.  - Lokossa is an arrondissement, commune, and the capital city of Mono Department in Benin. The name Lokossa translates into English as "underneath the iroko tree".  - Benin (or -; ), officially the Republic of Benin and formerly Dahomey, is a country in West Africa. It is bordered by Togo to the west, Nigeria to the east, and Burkina Faso and Niger to the north. A majority of the population live on its small southern coastline on the Bight of Benin, part of the Gulf of Guinea in the northernmost tropical portion of the Atlantic Ocean. The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo, but the seat of government is in Cotonou, the country's largest city and economic capital. Benin covers an area of 114,763 square kilometers and its population in 2015 was estimated to be approximately 10.88 million. Benin is a tropical, sub-Saharan nation, highly dependent on agriculture, with substantial employment and income arising from subsistence farming.  - BOPA (Civil Partisans) was a group of the Danish resistance movement; it was affiliated with the communists and developed after the occupation of Denmark by Nazi Germany during the Second World War.  - The seat of government is (as defined by "Brewer's Politics") "the building, complex of buildings or the city from which a government exercises its authority".  - Kouffo is one of the twelve departments of Benin . Kouffo borders the country of Togo and it also borders the departments of Mono , Zou , and Atlantique . Since 2008 , the capital is Aplahoué . The markets at Azove , Klouekanme and Hlassanme form the basis of the local informal economy . The majority of the population is Aja language ( Gbe ) speaking . Other local languages include Tchi , notably in the Tchi Depression in the eastern limit of the department . The département of Kouffo was created in 1999 when it was split off from Mono Department .  - Aplahoué is a town and arrondissement located in the Kouffo Department of Benin. The commune covers an area of 572 square kilometres and as of 2013 had a population of 170,069 people. Village of Mr. Basile G. Sossou.  - Mono is one of the twelve departments of Benin. The capital of Mono is Lokossa. Some territories of Mono were moved to the newly formed Kouffo Department during 1999. Mono is subdivided into six communes, each centered at one of the principal towns, namely, Athiémè, Bopa, Comè, Grand-Popo, Houéyogbé and Lokossa. It has an area of 1,396 sq. km.  - Cotonou, formerly Kutonu, is the largest city and economic centre of Benin.  - The Bight of Benin or Bay of Benin is a bight in the Gulf of Guinea area on the western African coast.  - Africa is the world's second-largest and second-most-populous continent. At about 30.3 million km² (11.7 million square miles) including adjacent islands, it covers 6% of Earth's total surface area and 20.4 % of its total land area. With 1.1 billion people as of 2013, it accounts for about 15% of the world's human population. The continent is surrounded by the Mediterranean Sea to the north, both the Suez Canal and the Red Sea along the Sinai Peninsula to the northeast, the Indian Ocean to the southeast, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The continent includes Madagascar and various archipelagos. It contains 54 fully recognized sovereign states (countries), nine territories and two "de facto" independent states with limited or no recognition.  - Grand-Popo is a town, arrondissement, and commune in the Mono Department of south-western Benin. The commune covers an area of 289 square kilometres and as at the 2013 Census had a population of 57,490 people.  - West Africa, also called Western Africa and the West of Africa, is the westernmost subregion of Africa. West Africa has been defined as including 18 countries: Benin, Burkina Faso, the island nation of Cape Verde, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Liberia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, the island of Saint Helena, Senegal, Sierra Leone, São Tomé and Príncipe and Togo.  - The Federal Republic of Nigeria , commonly referred to as Nigeria, is a federal republic in West Africa, bordering Benin in the west, Chad and Cameroon in the east, and Niger in the north. Its coast in the south lies on the Gulf of Guinea in the Atlantic Ocean. It comprises 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory, where the capital, Abuja is located. Its largest cities include: Lagos, Kano, Ibadan, Benin City and Port Harcourt. Nigeria is officially a democratic secular country.  - The Gulf of Guinea is the northeasternmost part of the tropical Atlantic Ocean between Cape Lopez in Gabon, north and west to Cape Three Points in Western region Ghana. The intersection of the Equator and Prime Meridian (zero degrees latitude and longitude) is in the gulf.  - Athiémè is a town and arrondissement located in the Mono Department of Benin. The commune covers an area of 220 square kilometres and as of 2002 had a population of 39,481 people.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'kouffo department' exhibits the relationship of 'instance of'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - agriculture  - area  - arrondissement  - august  - bay  - bight  - cape  - capital  - census  - city  - civilization  - coast  - continent  - country  - democracy  - department  - department of benin  - desert  - federal capital  - federal republic  - fiber  - food  - government  - group  - gulf  - history  - human  - key  - king  - limited  - name  - nation  - occupation  - ocean  - official  - oil  - oil refinery  - part  - politics  - population  - principal  - region  - republic  - resistance movement  - river  - sea  - seat  - seat of government  - sierra  - six  - size  - species  - study  - subregion  - territory  - three  - town  - tree  - two  - war
Answer: