Information:  - Aristotle ("Aristotéls"; 384322 BC) was a Greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of Stagira, Chalkidice, on the northern periphery of Classical Greece. His father, Nicomachus, died when Aristotle was a child, whereafter Proxenus of Atarneus became his guardian. At seventeen or eighteen years of age, he joined Plato's Academy in Athens and remained there until the age of thirty-seven (c. 347 BC). His writings cover many subjects  including physics, biology, zoology, metaphysics, logic, ethics, aesthetics, poetry, theater, music, rhetoric, linguistics, politics and government  and constitute the first comprehensive system of Western philosophy. Shortly after Plato died, Aristotle left Athens and, at the request of Philip of Macedon, tutored Alexander the Great beginning in 343 BC.  - Drama is the specific mode of fiction represented in performance. The term comes from a Greek word meaning "action" (Classical Greek: , "drama"), which is derived from "to do" (Classical Greek: , "drao").  The two masks associated with drama represent the traditional generic division between comedy and tragedy. They are symbols of the ancient Greek Muses, Thalia, and Melpomene. Thalia was the Muse of comedy (the laughing face), while Melpomene was the Muse of tragedy (the weeping face). Considered as a genre of poetry in general, the dramatic mode has been contrasted with the epic and the lyrical modes ever since Aristotle's "Poetics" (c. 335 BCE)the earliest work of dramatic theory.  - Yle TV2 (YLE TV Kaksi) is a Finnish television channel owned and operated by Yle.  - Aatamin poika is a 1996 Finnish TV film drama lasting 45 minutes . The TV short film was directed and written by Heikki Veijola starring Meri Nenonen . It aired on the 21 April 1996 on Yle TV2 .  - Ancient Greek includes the forms of Greek used in ancient Greece and the ancient world from around the 9th century BC to the 6th century AD. It is often roughly divided into the Archaic period (9th to 6th centuries BC), Classical period (5th and 4th centuries BC), and Hellenistic period (3rd century BC to the 6th century AD). It is antedated in the second millennium BC by Mycenaean Greek.  - Yleisradio Oy (Finnish), also known as Rundradion (Swedish) or the Finnish Broadcasting Company (English), abbreviated to Yle (pronounced ; previously stylised as YLE before March 2012 corporate rebrand), is Finland's national public-broadcasting company, founded in 1926. It is a public limited company which is 99.98% owned by the Finnish state, and employs around 3,200 people in Finland. Yle shares many of its organizational characteristics with its UK counterpart, the BBC, on which it was largely modelled.  - Dramatic theory is a term used for works that attempt to form theories about theatre and drama. Examples of ancient dramatic theory include Aristotle's "Poetics" from Ancient Greece and Bharata Muni's "Natyasastra" from ancient India.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'country of origin' with the subject 'aatamin poika'.  Choices: - ancient greece  - finland  - greece
Answer: