By. Ruth Whitehead. PUBLISHED:. 09:57 EST, 17 March 2012. |. UPDATED:. 06:57 EST, 18 March 2012. A double-decker bus exploded into flames this morning on a residential street in South London this morning - but, amazingly, nobody was injured thanks to the driver's quick thinking. Passengers travelling on Pepys Road in Brockley told of the moment the driver said he saw a spark on the bus and ordered everyone off. Everyone on the bus escaped the terrifying incident unharmed, despite the fire also causing two cars parked nearby to burst into flames, according to one eye-witness. Burning bus: within minutes the double-decker goes up in flames - but incredibly, no one is injured. The bus was engulfed in flames on Pepys Road in Brockley, South East London. Emergency services were called and. firemen began trying to control the blaze. But as they got to work, one. of the bus tyres exploded on the other side of the road, setting a car. on fire. A spokeswoman for the Fire Brigade told Mail Online: 'The incident took place at 8.22am on Pepys Road, SE14 and a double-decker bus and a motor car were both damaged by a fire'. She said the fire service received 31 calls to the incident. A spokesman for the police added: 'All passengers were evacuated and there were no reports of any injuries.' He said the cause of the fire was still unknown but they were not treating it as suspicious, adding: 'Obviously the cause of the fire will be investigated.' Reverend Sheridan James of St Catherine's Church, whose vicarage was next to the site of the explosion, said she was eating breakfast when she heard a bus passing that sounded 'a bit noisy'. She told the Mail Online: 'Then it made a hissing sound and there was a loud bang.' Double whammy: as fireman control the fire on the bus, a tyre hits a nearby parked car, causing it to go up in flames as well. Incredibly, the church and other nearby buildings were undamaged. Revd James rushed out to see what was happening. 'Within minutes the bus was consumed in flames with black smoke coming from it,' she said. 'It looked like a bomb explosion.' When she saw the fire on the bus spread to two cars that were parked nearby, she quickly dressed in her clerical garb in case she was needed to offer any assistance. Incredibly, there were no fatalities and no injuries. 'About 30 to 50 people were gathered, a lot of them residents,' she said. 'They were initially very scared.' Narrow escape: Passengers said the driver spotted a fault and quickly ordered everyone off the bus. She said passengers believed the fire had been caused by an electrical fault on the bus, and paid tribute to the quick-thinking driver. 'People were saying the driver saw a spark. He got everybody off the bus and within minutes it was ablaze.' The incident could have been far worse, she added, given that the explosion happened in a built-up area, with a school situated opposite the vicarage and the church, and many over-hanging trees that could have caught fire. 'Really, given how awful it was, it's amazing there were no fatalities and no damage the buildings,' she said.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: