Question: Information:  - Henri-Georges Clouzot ( ) was a French film director, screenwriter and producer. He is best remembered for his work in the thriller film genre, having directed "The Wages of Fear" and "Les Diaboliques", which are critically recognized to be among the greatest films from the 1950s. Clouzot also directed documentary films, including "The Mystery of Picasso", which was declared a national treasure by the government of France.  - The 6th Cannes Film Festival was held between April 1529, 1953. The Grand Prize of the Festival went to "The Wages of Fear" by Henri-Georges Clouzot. The festival opened with "Horizons sans fin" by Jean Dréville.  - Count (male) or countess (female) is a title in European countries for a noble of varying status, but historically deemed to convey an approximate rank intermediate between the highest and lowest titles of nobility. The word "count" came into English from the French "comte", itself from Latin "comes"in its accusative "comitem"meaning companion, and later companion of the emperor, delegate of the emperor. The adjective form of the word is "". The British and Irish equivalent is an earl (whose wife is a "countess", for lack of an English term). Alternative names for the "count" rank in the nobility structure are used in other countries, such as "Graf" in Germany and "Hakushaku" during the Japanese Imperial era.  - Edgar Neville Romrée, Count of Berlanga de Duero (28 December 1899  23 April 1967) was a Spanish playwright and film director, a member of the "other" Generation of '27.  - Berlanga de Duero is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 1,099 inhabitants.  - The Wages of Fear is a 1953 French-Italian drama film directed by Henri-Georges Clouzot, starring Yves Montand, and based on the 1950 French novel "Le salaire de la peur" (lit. "The Salary of Fear") by Georges Arnaud. When an oil well owned by an American company catches fire, the company hires four European men, down on their luck, to drive two trucks over mountain dirt roads, loaded with nitroglycerine needed to extinguish the flames. The film brought Clouzot international fame, and allowed him to direct "Les Diaboliques". In France the film was the 4th highest-grossing film of the year with a total of 6,944,306 admissions.  - The Cannes Festival (French: Festival de Cannes), named until 2002 as the International Film Festival ("Festival international du film") and known in English as the Cannes Film Festival, is an annual film festival held in Cannes, France, which previews new films of all genres, including documentaries, from all around the world. Founded in 1946, the invitation-only festival is held annually (usually in May) at the Palais des Festivals et des Congrès.  - Flamenco ( Spanish : Duende y misterio del flamenco ) is a 1952 Spanish documentary film directed by Edgar Neville . It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival .    'flamenco ' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'country of origin'?  Choices: - france  - germany  - spain
Answer: