By. Mary Greene. What am I bid for this bed? Rococo, ornate, property of a shipping tycoon whose wife has admitted, after 30 years of marriage, that she's always hated it. Bidding starts at £400... it's sold for £2,200 to the man decorating apartments for wealthy Chinese clients. When the well-heeled residents of Chelsea feel the urge to declutter last season's conspicuous consumption, Lots Road Auctions is where they sell off their old stuff. Customer Lili Tarkow-Reinisch, with one of the lots from Chelsea's infamous auction house. Every Sunday afternoon there are bargains galore, whether you fall for the fibre-optic polar bear or a bookcase with zebra-skin lining. Now a new Channel 4 series takes viewers behind the scenes, meeting the auctioneers who would sell their own grandmother - and the customers so desperate for a bargain they'd probably buy her. Every week, valuer Andrew Mackay gets on his push-bike to visit some of west London's wealthiest homes. One lady had paid £30,000 for two corner sofas, he recalls. Andrew Mackay heading off to do a valuation. She got bored with them after six months, put them into storage costing £1,000 a month for three years - by which time they'd cost her £66,000 - and was delighted when they fetched £1,500 each at auction. 'We're lucky here because the vendors aren't selling because they're skint. We get lots of celebrities... They don't want to sell on eBay or have strangers coming to their house - this is a lot more anonymous.' Andrew points to a nondescript leather armchair and footstool. It turns out it's Ralph Lauren, cost £6,000 on Bond Street and now has an estimate of £800-£1,200. You wouldn't look at it twice. 'When there's no chiselled sales assistant, it loses its glitter,' he laughs. It finally goes for £2,000. But not every thing sells. A set of bar stools upholstered in whale skin, originally from Aristotle Onassis's yacht Christina, had to be withdrawn from sale for legal reasons. 'The owner didn't want them back, so we just got rid of them.' Some people are addicted to auctions, such as friends Lili Tarkow-Reinisch and Sam Edge, who are trying to furnish Lili's new seven-bedroom Georgian mansion. 'I've bought eclectic things like an old roulette wheel that was valued at £3,500 but I got for £600, and my kids love it,' says Sam. 'It's no good looking for anything specific; something has to catch your eye.' Sam's tip is to turn up on Monday after the auction, when you can sometimes make a 'cheeky offer' for lots that haven't sold. 'I got a pair of fantastic chandeliers. They were estimated at £2,000-£3,000; I got them for £750.' Most unsold lots - if they're unclaimed - go to a charity furniture shop in Watford. 'They do very well out of us,' says Andrew. 'We gave them a George III bureau the other day. The best buys at the moment are furniture. You can furnish a house with Victorian or Georgian furniture cheaper than Habitat. It's frustrating seeing wonderful things going for nothing. But working here, you realise possessions weigh you down.' The Auction House will be shown on Tuesday at 9pm on Channel 4.
What are the important parts of this article?