Write a question about the following article:  Just like the earlier match-up, the second game against the Jets was another defensive battle with the game being decided late in the fourth quarter. Four the fourth time in their last five games against the Jets, the Patriots won by three points or less (the exception being the butt-fumble game of 2012). The first seven drives of the game ended in punts. On the second play of the quarter, Amendola returned Ryan Quigley's punt 39 yards to the Jets 36. Eight plays later, Brady hit Gronkowski on a 3-yard touchdown pass for a 7-0 lead. The Jets countered on their next drive marching 87 yards in just over 6 minutes, scoring on Geno Smith's 20-yard touchdown pass to Jeff Cumberland to tie the game. After a Patriots three-and-out, the Jets drove 54 yards to the Patriots 8, but, like the first match-up, had to settle for a 26-yard field goal by Nick Folk and a 10-7 lead at halftime. The Patriots offensive line was dominated by Sheldon Richardson and the Jets defensive line, as they sacked Brady four times in the first half. The Patriots received the second-half kickoff, but were forced to punt. The Jets capitalized by marching 66 yards in just over 6 minutes to the Patriots 5-yard line, but only could muster a 23-yard field goal from Folk, extending the lead to 13-7. The Patriots drove 81 yards to the Jets 6, but Brady threw an incomplete pass on 3rd-and-2 and Gostkowski kicked a 24-yard field goal, trimming the deficit to 13-10.  On the second play of the Jets next drive, Smith was intercepted by Jamie Collins at the Jets 40-yard line, he lateraled to Browner who reached the Jets 38. Eight plays later Jonas Gray scored on a 1-yard touchdown run, giving the Patriots a 17-13 lead on the third play of the fourth quarter. The Jets drove 59 yards to the Patriots 10, but on 2nd-and-8, Smith was sacked by Sealver Siliga for a 9-yard loss and an incomplete pass on 3rd-and-17 forced them to settle for a 37-yard field goal by Folk, trimming the deficit to 17-16 with 7:53 remaining. On the second play of the Patriots' next drive, Brady was intercepted by Marcus Williams at the Patriots 30-yard line. After two runs for 6 yards, Smith was sacked for a 10-yard loss on 3rd down by Dont'a Hightower, setting up Folk's 52-yard go-ahead field goal attempt, but Vince Wilfork blocked Folk's attempt, keeping the Patriots ahead 17-16. On the Patriots' next drive, two third-down conversions allowed the Patriots to run out the clock. With the win, the Patriots improved to 12-3, and they clinched home field advantage throughout the playoffs after the Broncos' loss to the Bengals on Monday night. This would wind up being Rex Ryan's last game against the Patriots as head coach of the New York Jets. The Patriots were far from outstanding on offense. Brady finished 23/35 but for just 146 yards and 1 touchdown with 1 interception. The Patriots combined for just 85 rushing yards on 24 carries, but the defense came through again. The Jets once again out-gained the Patriots in total yards, but yet again, couldn't score touchdowns, and fell to big plays by the Patriots.

Question about the article: