News article:

Twitter Goes to Town on Amercia 
  
 Mitt Romney launched an official iPhone app Tuesday night — only to find that it came with one glaring, humiliating oversight for his campaign. 
  
 Here's how the free app works: You take a photo, then are able to lay one of 14 "I'm With Mitt" banners over the image. The banners shout slogans such as "I'm a Mom for Mitt." Then you can post the photo directly to Facebook or Twitter, or email it to a friend. The friend then receives a message reading: “I’m with Mitt Romney in 2012. And here’s a photo showing my support. Check it out!” 
  
 The problem? One of the 14 options reads, in fact, "A Better Amercia." Yes, Amercia. A-M-E-R-C-I-A. 
  
 Just a couple hours after the app was officially announced, the Twittersphere and online peanut gallery were already having a field day with the editorial oversight. Obama supporters, media and general snarkmeisters reveled in taking photos with the glitchy app and inserting "Amercia" into some of Romney's most memorable campaign quotes. 
  
 UPDATE: Mitt Romney’s “With Mitt” iPhone app no longer includes the “Amercia” typo. 
  
 Tuesday was a big night for Romney, and the app's release was intended in part to help celebrate his likely capture of the Republican presidential nomination after the Texas primary. Zac Moffatt, Romney's digital director, told Mashable Thursday afternoon that the app was meant to be a simple way for Romney backers to show their pride as the candidate took a big symbolic step toward the White House. 
  
 “We thought this would be a fun, easy way to showcase support,” Moffatt said. Instead, the app became a platform for ridicule. 
  
 Check out the gallery above for some of the Twittersphere's best zingers. ||||| This collection broadly documents online sources related to Delaware policy, politics and government, including websites and social media sites of current and former members of Congress; Delaware political parties; Delaware individuals who represent leadership in diplomatic or political arenas, domestic or foreign, at the local, state, and national levels; institutions, organizations, or groups concerned with public policy or civic affairs in Delaware; and Delaware political campaign websites. ||||| Tweet with a location 
  
 You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| Mitt Romney’s presidential campaign misspelled the word “America” on its new iPhone app, and it’s already paying a price for it. 
  
 In the app, the phrase “A Better America” is misspelled “A Better Amercia.” The misspelling was picked up and tweeted widely Tuesday night, soon spawned a hashtag-driven Twitter meme in which people imagined just what Amercia stood for and what kind of policies Romney had planned for Amercia. 
  
 The Romney campaign told The Fix that it had submitted a corrected version of the app to Apple, which has to approve the update. 
  
 Here’s a sampling of the reaction: |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?