Write some highlights for the following article:

Three masked men broke into a woman's home, bound her hands and feet before carving anti-gay slurs into her body in a vicious hate crime, authorities said. The attackers also spray-painted 'we found you ****' on a wall at the woman's home and tried to set it on fire. Police in Lincoln, Nebraska refused to elaborate on what had been carved into the 33-year-old woman's body with a knife in the horrific attack on Saturday night. Terror: The homophobic slur was spray-painted on the wall of the woman's basement at her home after she was bound and her body cut. United against hate: Residents of Lincoln, Nebraska hold a vigil after a 33-year-old woman had homophobic slurs carved into her body by three masked attackers. The distraught woman, who is openly lesbian, managed to walk to a neighbor's house following the assault when the attackers had left. Linda Rappl, 68, said the woman was naked and bleeding. She told CNN: 'She was naked, her hands were tied with zip ties. All I could see was a cut across her forehead and blood running down.' Mrs Rappl called police and the woman was treated at hospital after she was cut on the stomach and arms. She was being housed at an emergency shelter and had asked that her identity not be released. The local community banded together in a vigil organized by a local LGBT group on Sunday night. More than 500 people attended to show their outrage at the attack and support for the victim. Mayor Chris Beutler said authorities would do everything to ensure justice is done and denounced violence directed at any group. Hate crime: The attack happened on Saturday night in Lincoln, Nebraska. Katie Flood, a spokeswoman for the Lincoln Police Department, said that 'multiple detectives' are working on the case, but the department does not want to release many details this early in the investigation. 'Doing so could compromise our ability to conduct quality suspect interviews at a later date,' she said. Nothing was reported stolen from the home. The hate crime comes in the wake of public debate over the city's fairness amendment, a proposal to ban discrimination in housing and employment based on a person's sexual orientation or gender identity. The city council approved the measure in May but opponents obtained enough signatures to keep it from going into effect before an as-yet unscheduled public vote. 'It was the talk of the town,' said Tyler Richard, president of Outlinc, a Lincoln gay rights support group. He said public comments to the council about the ordinance have run in favor of keeping it. Omaha, Nebraska's largest city, approved anti-discrimination protections for gay and transgender residents in March. Richard, who attended Sunday's vigil, said Outlinc has 'full faith' in the Lincoln Police Department, which he said has a long history of support for the city's gay and lesbian community. 'We trust that their investigation will be fair and complete and we await the results,' Richard said in a statement. 'As we consider the possible impetus for this horrific attack we are reminded more than ever why fairness is vital in our city.'