Here is an article:

As if things couldn’t have been worse for the vagrant whose face was chewed off by the horrifying “Miami Zombie,” doctors revealed Tuesday that he also had what appeared to be gunshot wounds — likely fired by the cops trying to save him.

Ronald Poppo, 65, had two “mysterious” holes in his left chest when he was brought bleeding to Miami’s Jackson Memorial Hospital, apparently entry and exit wounds, doctors said.

Maniac Rudy Eugene, who was not armed, was on top of Poppo when police opened fire to stop the gruesome attack on May 26.

A stray bullet appears to have hit the victim, too.

Poppo is recovering surprisingly well —eating, walking and even cheering on his basketball team, doctors said.

They released two graphic photos of Poppo, showing him in a hospital gown walking down a hallway with help.

His nose and right eye are gone, his left eyes remains under protective covering and his forehead and cheeks are a mass of bloody wounds. The bottom half of his face, from his salt-and-pepper mustache on down, appears okay.

“He’s coping remarkably well,” trauma surgeon Nicholas Namias told reporters.

“The guy has got to be a survivor.”

Doctors said Poppo remembers the horrifying attack but has displayed a surprisingly upbeat attitude.

“He’s a very nice guy, really. He’s charming,” Namias added.

Just before the news conference, he told his doctors: “Go Heat!”

The Miami Heat played Oklahoma City on Tuesday night in the first game of the NBA Finals.

Poppo, who was blinded in the attack, has undergone three surgeries so far — including skin grafts — and will need more.

“First, he needs to recover from the three surgeries he’s already had,” said plastic surgeon Wrood Kassira.

He will remain hospitalized for “weeks at least,” Kassira added.

The hospital has started a fund to collect donations for the destitute vagrant’s care. So far, they’ve raised $15,000.

Doctors said they won’t know whether Poppo can be a candidate for a face transplant — a new procedure funded by the Defense Department — until his wounds heal.

The bizarre attack on Poppo, a homeless alcoholic who graduated from Manhattan’s prestigious Stuyvesant High School, captured the sympathy of the world.

He was reclining under a n overpass on Memorial Day weekend when a naked lunatic named Rudy Eugene beat him and chewed off 50% of his face.

Eugene, 31, shed all his clothes and scattered ripped-out pages from the Bible he always carried as he walked along the MacArthur Causeway joining the city to Miami Beach, CBS reported.

Eugene was shot and killed by police when he refused to stop attacking Poppo.

An autopsy found no parts of Poppo’s face in Eugene’s stomach — contradicting accounts by appalled witnesses that the attacker was swallowing the pieces of flesh he ripped away with his teeth.

The autopsy found traces of marijuana but no explanation for Eugene’s unusual behavior, although more tests are pending.

Poppo’s estranged daughter, Janice Poppo DiBello, 44, had no comment on the new developments about her father’s condition when reached at her New Jersey home. With Jennifer H. Cunningham

Write a title for it.