Summarize the following:
Having the “just a temp” mindset will prevent you from achieving success. If you treat the job as a temporary position by not giving your all and showing little commitment, you will be treated as a temp and not offered the opportunity to stay. Acting like a permanent employee means coming to work as if you already are one. The more normal and “at home” you feel, the more you will be seen as such by others. You can get started by doing the following:  Show up on time Follow the rules Dress according to the dress code Make connections Share ideas Complete assigned tasks to the best of your ability You may not be expected to go above and beyond or even to do a good job. If you value a career opportunity, treat the position as if it is already permanent. Exceed expectations by doing  the following:  Show attention to detail, and keep mistakes to a minimum. Your supervisor will be relieved to know s/he won't have to go over your work or ask you to re-do it. Work overtime to complete projects that have strict deadlines. If your supervisor allows it, you will show dedication to the company by offering to work overtime. Participate in team meetings. Actively participate in team conversations by giving your opinions and sharing your ideas. This will show you truly want to contribute to team success. Volunteer and take initiative on special projects. Sometimes situations arise where certain team members are required to head up special projects. Do not let your temporary status get in your way. If you feel you can truly contribute to the project, volunteer! Your supervisor will appreciate your initiative. It is important to notify your supervisor that you are interested in permanent placement with the company. However, it is not good to keep talking about it, because you will seem annoying and pushy. When bringing this up to your supervisor you can choose to do the following:  Express interest at the beginning of your employment. You can simply say, “I am excited to start working with you and hope my accomplishments will prove my ability to do this job on a permanent basis.” Remind your supervisor toward the middle of your specified time with the company,  preferably after making a good contribution or completing a major project successfully. You can remind them by saying, “I really feel like I can succeed here. If I am offered this position permanently, I know I can contribute to more team successes." Have a discussion with your supervisor a few weeks before your temp status ends. Use this time to be honest about your interest in a permanent position, and remind them of your successes. You can also ask about time-frames and notices, since you would need to seek other employment if they choose not to offer you the job permanently. There is no need to keep asking about a permanent job. Your desire has been made clear, and it is up to the company now. Most likely the decision will be made collectively with input from your co-workers, supervisor, HR and possibly upper-level management.  Be patient. If you seem to fit in well and are the right person for the job, you will be offered the position.