Article: You should never use a curling iron on wet hair, as it causes breakage and burning. Instead, make sure your hair is completely dry before curling it. Before you start curling, make sure your hair is free of tangles and snares by running a brush or comb through it. You can apply a detangling spray or serum if necessary, as well. Before you use your curling iron, apply a setting spray or hairspray to help the curls hold. You can also use a product like wave-enhancing spray, mousse, or gel, to help give your hair body and set the curls. Let it dry before you start curling your hair. Look for a setting spray that doubles as a heat protectant to prevent hair damage from the curling iron. To get extra curly hair, you need to use a small curling iron to create fairly tight curls. Choose a curling iron with a ¾ inch to 1-inch barrel to get small curls. Larger barrels will create a wavy, rather than curly, look. Begin with a small section at the crown (or top) of your head and work your way through the top portion of your hair. Then, curl the next highest layer all the way around before moving lower. Many people also start curling from the bottom, but it won’t make a big difference either way. Open the handle and close the hair in the curling iron. Start in the middle of the section, rather than clamping it at the end, to create curls that last all day. Begin twirling the iron so that the hair wraps around it. Then, gently release the clamp and slide the iron down the hair. Clamp it and roll it again. Continue this process until you reach the ends of your hair. Then roll the iron until it is close to, but not touching, your scalp. Clamping the middle of your hair in the iron and working your way toward the ends will create longer lasting curls that rolling the iron from the bottom of your hair up. Hold the curl in place for 5 seconds before releasing it. Then, open up the iron and pull the handle down, letting go of the curl. After you make the curl, wrap it around your finger in a small loop or bun. When you have it wrapped, use a bobby pin or single prong hair clip to secure it to your head. This process will help your curls set, and it keeps them out of your way as you curl the rest of your hair. As you go, alternate the amount of hair you curl at one time and well as the direction in which you roll the hair. Doing so will give you a bit more volume, as well as curls in different sizes and orientations, which will make them look more natural. Continue curling one piece of hair at a time until all your hair is curled. If you have a lot of hair and are curling small sections, this may take a while. While your curls are setting, spritz them with hairspray before unpinning them. Allow the hairspray to dry completely before you remove the bobby pins. Release the bobby pins, and unroll the curls. Shake your curls out, then use your fingers to separate them. Scrunch up or twist the curls with your fingers, creating the shape you want. Don’t brush out your curls, as this will undo all the work you’ve put in and create frizziness. You can apply a finishing product to set the style, if desired.

What is a summary?