Ques & Ans: Passage: Alfonso Lincoln Ribeiro Sr. (born September 21, 1971) is an American comedian, director, singer, dancer, television personality and actor. He played Alfonso Spears on the sitcom Silver Spoons, Carlton Banks on the NBC sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, and Maxwell Stanton on In the House. He hosts ABC's America's Funniest Home Videos.

Question: Based on this passage, who played carlton on fresh prince of belair?
Alfonso Lincoln Ribeiro Sr.
Stream of consciousness: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: He played Alfonso Spears on the sitcom Silver Spoons, Carlton Banks on the NBC sitcom The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, and Maxwell Stanton on In the House.

Ques & Ans: "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" is a song written and recorded originally by Solomon Linda with the Evening Birds for the South African Gallo Record Company in 1939, under the title "Mbube". Composed in Zulu, it was adapted and covered internationally by many 1950s and' 60s pop and folk revival artists, including the Weavers, Jimmy Dorsey, Yma Sumac, Miriam Makeba and the Kingston Trio. In 1961, it became a number one hit in the United States as adapted in English with the best-known version by the doo-wop group the Tokens. It went on to earn at least US $15 million in royalties from cover versions and film licensing. The pop group Tight Fit had a number one hit in the UK with the song in 1982.

Based on this passage, who was the first to sing the lion sleeps tonight?
Solomon Linda with the Evening Birds
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information to answer the above question is: "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" is a song written and recorded originally by Solomon Linda with the Evening Birds for the South African Gallo Record Company in 1939, under the title "Mbube".

Ques & Ans: In 2017, Dowden appeared as a professional dancer in the fifteenth series of the British BBC TV talent show Strictly Come Dancing, partnered with comedian Brian Conley. She is the first Welsh professional to take part in the show. Following her elimination with Conley, Dowden won the Children in Need Special partnered with Blue Peter presenter Mark Curry.

Answer this question based on the passage: who was amy dowden partner on strictly 2017?
Brian Conley
Stream of consciousness: This is the relevant information: In 2017, Dowden appeared as a professional dancer in the fifteenth series of the British BBC TV talent show Strictly Come Dancing, partnered with comedian Brian Conley.

Ques & Ans: Context: The 1997 AFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Adelaide Football Club and the St Kilda Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 27 September 1997. It was the 101st annual Grand Final of the Australian Football League (formerly the Victorian Football League), staged to determine the premiers for the 1997 AFL season. The match, attended by 99,645 spectators, was won by Adelaide by a margin of 31 points, marking that club's first premiership victory.

Question: who played in the 1997 afl grand final?
the Adelaide Football Club and the St Kilda Football Club
Stream of consciousness: