Montreal Played Role in Plan to Get Donald Trump’s Plane Flying Again
When Donald J. Trump’s Cessna flew to Montreal on May 4, it certainly was not for a campaign event. Instead, the quick Montreal trip was a bureaucratic barrel roll, evading a monthlong wait — effectively cutting a line of other airplane owners — to be allowed to fly the plane again.

The plane had been grounded in April by the Federal Aviation Administration for having an expired registration, forcing Mr. Trump to use his much larger Boeing 757 during one of the final weeks of the Republican nominating fight.

Mr. Trump’s Cessna Citation X landed a little after 11 a.m. at Trudeau airport in Montreal on May 4. Less than 20 minutes later, according to air traffic control communications, the plane was preparing to take off again. And less than 20 minutes after that, it was in the air, headed back to Connecticut.

The trip to Montreal followed a slew of paperwork that was filed April 22. That day, the plane was sold by a Trump-controlled company to another, DT Endeavor I LLC, which promptly registered its newly acquired airplane with the government.

That second corporation was created in mid-January, before the Cessna’s registration expired. Its underlying assets are listed only as “aircraft” on Mr. Trump’s most recent financial statement. Its name, generic and in keeping with Mr. Trump’s usual naming convention for his companies, suggests it may have been lying idle until some purpose was found for it.

Along with the paperwork for the sale, Mr. Trump filed a declaration of international operations, requesting “expedited registration in support of” the international flight, scheduled for May 4 to Montreal, which is the closest Canadian international airport to the New York area.

The international flight prompted speedier processing for the plane’s registration with the new owner. If a plane’s registration expires, the owner has to wait in line to re-register it, a process that can take months. When a plane is sold, the new owner also has to wait for the plane’s new registration certificate. But the F.A.A. lets new plane owners — like Mr. Trump’s second L.L.C. — jump ahead of this line if they plan to take the new plane on an international trip.

Mr. Trump was taking advantage of a bureaucratic maneuver that is not readily available. The F.A.A. does not advertise the technique on its website.

Mr. Trump’s campaign did not respond to a request for comment.

The plane’s registration had expired at the beginning of February. Nevertheless, Mr. Trump continued to use it to fly to many of his campaign events, until the F.A.A. ordered it grounded after The New York Times revealed the paperwork problem.

So a plan was made to fly to Montreal. As a result, the same day as the paperwork was filed, the F.A.A. granted Mr. Trump’s plane a temporary certificate of registration, clearing it to fly again.

There is deep concern among Republicans about political divisions and the future of the party, a new Times/CBS News poll shows. We want to hear from the party’s longtime members or those who have just registered as Republicans.
What was this article about?