Summarize this article:

All superheroes come from somewhere. The background story of superheroes gives us a lot of information about those heroes. Who would Superman be without the destruction of Krypton? Who would Batman be without the death of his rich parents?  Where does your hero come from? Who were/are your hero's parents? How did your hero gain powers or were they born with them? What does your hero do for a living? What was your character scared of as a child? Who are your character's friends? What does your character want? Does your character have any allies? Now comes the fun part. A superhero's look and uniform are the things that will set them apart from all the other heroes. Superheroes have to look cool, and ready to do battle with evil. Think of a few colors and specific clothing items that will mark your character.  Let the uniform match the abilities. If your superhero has Superman-like abilities, they probably won't need much in the way of protective gear or fancy gadgets. Many characters wear masks to help protect their secret identity. In general, capes are Golden/Silver age traits for a hero, but it's still possible to get away with one. Come up with a symbol. What mark or badge will your character have to let people recognize them instantly? Think of Superman's S and the symbol on Green Lantern's ring. Some comic book heroes don't always have full uniforms, just little things that help you identify them. Think of Wolverine's hair and sideburns. Just as important to the story of a good superhero is their alter-ego or secret identity. A superhero is cool, but the alter-ego is where your superhero comes to life. What does your hero do when they're not swooping in to save the day? Who are they as real people? That's where great characters are made.  Good superheroes need to struggle. Clark Kent is a perfect alter-ego for Superman because he can't do anything right. And the Kryptonian named Kal-El would probably struggle to get everything right on his new Earth home. In some cases, your hero's secret identity might come from the origin story. Maybe your character is a trash collector who gets superpowers after discovering some radioactive waste in the garbage. His/her secret identity might be his/her original job, collecting garbage. Superheroes aren't all good. Good heroes and good stories contain tension, which you can only get if your hero has something to struggle against. Character flaws are an essential part of any good character, superheroes included.  What does your character want? What keeps your character from getting what they want? What is your superhero afraid of? What makes your superhero angry? What is your superheroes weakness? Now that you've got a series of good traits, abilities, and flaws built up for your character, it's time to pick an iconic name. Superheroes should have memorable names that will make for good titles for comic books. Pick one that matches your character's backstory and powers. Not all superheroes need to have names that end with "man." John Constantine, Swamp Thing, and Wolverine are all great examples of superheroes that have different sorts of names.