John Kerry: Isis and Assad regime enjoy 'symbiotic' relationship
The US has accused Syria’s president and the Islamic State group of enjoying a “symbiotic” relationship as it seeks to shore up support for its strategy of supporting moderate rebels ahead of key Congressional votes.

In a speech in Washington just hours after the death of the latest American hostage at the hands of the Islamist militants known as Isis or Isil, Secretary of State John Kerry argued the country’s two sworn enemies were propping each other up.

“I am aware that some believe the air strikes against Isil in Iraq and Syria will have the perverse affect of assisting the country’s long time dictator Bashar al-Assad, whose ruthless repression has generated the gravest humanitarian catastrophe certainly of this century,” he said.

“That assumption is actually based on a misreading of the political reality in Syria. In fact the Assad regime and Isil are dependent on one and other, that’s why Assad has relentlessly bombed areas held by the moderate opposition while doing almost nothing to hinder Isil’s march.”

“Assad and Isil are symbiotic,” added Kerry. “Isil presents itself as the only alternative to Assad. Assad purports to be the last line of defence against Isil. Both are stronger as a result.”

The claim marks a fresh rhetorical offensive for a US administration which is under pressure to explain how its air strikes against Isis help more moderate rebels rather than support their enemy, the Syrian government, instead.

The argument is a particular challenge in Washington where Barack Obama has called on Congress to provide fresh authorisation to continue military operations in Syria and Iraq, but many are questioning whether the weakness of moderate allies is a fatal flaw in its strategy.

But Kerry compared this long-term challenge to past US intervention in Central America, where he said “right wing militaries and left wing guerrillas each exploited the extremism of the other and the cycle was broken only when the United States joined with regional allies and political moderates to build up the centre”.

Whether the analogy holds in the Middle East is less clear, but the US has been bolstered by recent battlefield setbacks suffered by Isis and believes that the equally weak moderate rebels can eventually be bolstered.

“The political equation of extremes against the middle is undeniably present in Syria,” said Kerry in his speech at the Transformational Trends Strategic Forum hosted by Foreign Policy magazine. “For too long Syrians have felt that their only choice is actually no choice at all; with terrorists on one side and a vicious dictator on the other. Our strategy is to offer the possibility of change.”

Congressional aides on Capitol Hill say Obama is still likely to get his requested vote on extending US military authorisation, but there is growing anxiety about the lapse of previous legal cover and pressure from Republicans to delay any votes until the new Congress is sworn in next January.

“It’s not so much a question of if, but when,” one senior Democratic staffer told The Guardian on Monday.
What was this article about?