Given the question: Information:  - William Angus Manson Gunn AM ( 22 June 1920 -- 20 September 2001 ) was an Australian politician who represented the Queensland Legislative Assembly seat of Somerset from 1972 until 1992 . A member of the National Party , he also served as a Minister and Deputy Premier in various Queensland administrations during the 1980s , and was instrumental in establishing the Fitzgerald Inquiry . Gunn was born in Laidley in the Lockyer Valley west of Brisbane , Queensland , the youngest of seven children to Ewen William Gunn and his wife Rosia ( née Geismann ) . He attended Laidley North Primary School and Gatton High School , and played representative rugby league football for Ipswich in the Bulimba Cup competition . At 21 , he joined the Freemasons ' Lodge , in which he was heavily involved until the start of his political career . During World War II , he served in the First Cavalry Mobile Veterinary Service at Gympie , where he developed his knowledge of veterinary practice , which he continued privately after the war . On 12 April 1952 , he married Lorna Klibbe , who he had met working in a local cafe . They were to have five children and , ultimately , 17 grandchildren . On 20 July 1966 , Gunn was appointed to a vacancy on the Laidley Shire Council , and on 10 April 1970 , he became Chairman of the Shire , a role in which he served until 1973 . At the 1972 state election , he was elected to the Legislative Assembly seat of Somerset , which covered much of the Lockyer Valley . After the 1980 state election , he became Minister of Education on 23 December 1980 . On 6 December 1982 , he vacated this role in order that Lin Powell could enter the ministry , and took on the new portfolio of Commerce and Industry . On 18 August , following a split in the Coalition which saw all Liberal members removed from the Ministry , Gunn was promoted to Deputy Premier . He was also the Minister assisting the Treasurer . On 6 February 1986 , he replaced Bill Glasson as Minister for Police , and served as the Queensland representative...  - The Commission of Inquiry into Possible Illegal Activities and Associated Police Misconduct (the "Fitzgerald Inquiry") (19871989) into Queensland Police corruption was a judicial inquiry presided over by Tony Fitzgerald QC. The inquiry resulted in the deposition of a premier, two by-elections, the jailing of three former ministers and a police commissioner who was jailed and lost his knighthood. It also led indirectly to the end of the National Party of Australia's 32-year run as the governing political party in Queensland.  - The National Party of Australia (also known as The Nationals or simply, The Nats) is an Australian political party. Traditionally representing graziers, farmers, and rural voters generally, it began as the Country Party in 1920 at a federal level. It would later briefly adopt the name National Country Party in 1975, before adopting their current name in 1982.     What object entity has the relation of 'member of political party' with the subject 'bill gunn '?   Choices: - national party  - national party of australia  - possible
The answer is: