A mother whose aorta burst when she was eight months pregnant ended up having life-saving surgery during which her baby was also delivered. Edita Tracey, 35, suffered a foot-long rupture in the main blood vessel taking blood from her heart to the rest of her body. Miraculously, she is now back at home with her daughter and is expected to make a full recovery. Edita Tracey, 35, nearly died when her aorta ruptured when she was 36 weeks pregnant. Mrs Tracey, from Philadelphia, was 36 weeks pregnant and in the hairdressers when she started suffering pain back pain, Fox 29 reports. She says the pain was not severe – it was more of a pressing pain. She phoned her husband, Ken, who was on a business trip but said he would fly home immediately. But when the pain spread to her chest, she called an ambulance. She told Fox 29: ‘The last thing I remember is emergency people coming, and that's it. I don't remember anything else.’ Mrs Tracey was rushed to hospital where tests revealed her aorta - the largest blood vessel in the human body - had ruptured and she did not have long to live. Medics immediately sent Mrs Tracey’s scans to a cardiologist and organised for her to be airlifted to another hospital. Mrs Tracey had nine hours of emergency surgery during which baby Arabella was delivered and her aorta was repaired. She and Arabella are pictured with her husband, Ken. Amazingly, baby Arabella did not suffer any ill effects as a result of her traumatic birth. When she arrived she was rushed into emergency surgery and within 30 seconds of her being put to sleep, her baby had been delivered. Miraculously, Arabella was born completely healthy and weighing 6lbs 12oz. Mrs Tracey was extremely lucky to survive the rupture in her aorta as it is the largest blood vessel in the body. Image shows an aorta. However, her mother remained in surgery for nearly nine hours as surgeons fought to repair the foot-long tear in her aorta. Dr Omar Lattouf, the cardiologist, said it was the most complicated case he had ever encountered in his 30 years of operating. He had to drain all of the blood that was gathering around her heart, before putting her on a heart and lung bypass machine. The surgical team then had to reduce her body temperature to prevent brain damage while they repaired her aorta. While Mrs Tracey was still in surgery, her husband arrived at the hospital and was able to hold Arabella for the first time. He told Fox 29: ‘You think about the baby, this should be a joyous occasion. And now your mind goes right back, it goes right back to if she's going to make it. The whole night was up and down.’ It was not until the next day that Mrs Tracey woke up. She was in intensive care but was able to be brought her newborn baby. She is now recovering at home and says she is incredibly grateful to the surgeons who saved her life. She is expected to make a full recovery but doctors are still trying to establish why her aorta ruptured. They believe she may have developed pre-eclampsia as a result of the pregnancy and that this could have caused her blood pressure to increase, putting pressure on her aorta.

Write highlights for this article.