They went on to become the biggest band of all time, selling millions of records and earning millions of pounds, but a house that is going up for auction in Liverpool shows the humble beginnings of The Beatles. It was the childhood home of George Harrison - where he first met Paul McCartney and John Lennon - and has a guide price of just £100,000. Harrison moved into 25 Upton Green in Speke, Liverpool, when he was six, and lived in the three-bedroom council house for the next 12 years. The childhood home of George Harrison in Liverpool is going to auction with a guide price of just £100,000. A young George Harrison, who lived in the house for 12 years from the age of six. The house's guide price is £80,000 less than the average house price in England and Wales. It was at a nearby bus stop that he met and became friends with a young McCartney. McCartney introduced him to his friend John Lennon, and invited him to join Lennon's band, The Quarrymen. They would regularly rehearse at 25 Upton Green and it was from the doorstep that a famous photo was taken of Harrison, then 15, heading off to a Quarrymen gig holding his guitar. A portrait of an older Harrison while in The Beatles. But it wasn't long before they had outgrown the small, terraced house. They went on to form The Beatles, becoming the best known and most successful musicians in the world. The family home, which also has a back garden, has a guide price £80,000 less than the average price of a home in England and Wales. But Beatlemania could cause the price to skyrocket, as fans of the band look to get their hands on the home. Last year, John Lennon's first home, 9 Newcastle Road, was sold for £480,000, despite having a guide price of just £150,000. The house was sold by Countrywide Property Auctions, who will also sell the Harrison house at the Cavern Club in Liverpool on October 20. The auction house described the sale of a piece of 'Liverpool's musical heritage' as a 'momentous occasion'. It said: 'Countrywide Property Auctions are delighted and honoured to once again be invited to offer at auction, another piece of Beatles history.' George Harrison's childhood home is not the only Beatles property for sale at the moment - but it is the most affordable. A posh London flat which was lived in by both Harrison and Ringo Starr in the 1960s is on the market for £2.5million. And John Lennon's old six-bedroom home in Weybridge, Surrey, is available for £13.75 million. The three-bedroom, mid-terrace house has recently been refurbished, so is in good condition. Though the guide price is low, it could actually sell for much more because of fans creating a bidding war. Harrison was The Beatles' lead guitarist, and also composed many of their songs, including 'Here Comes the Sun' and 'While My Guitar Gently Weeps'. He also found success as a solo performer after the band's break-up in 1970, before his death from lung cancer in 2001. He left almost £100million in his will - 1,000 times more than the value of 25 Upton Green. Harrison practised with John Lennon and Paul McCartney's childhood band The Quarrymen in the home.
What are the important parts of this article?