Summarize this article:

Plumerias require temperatures of at least 65 to 80 degrees Fahrenheit (about 18 to 27 degrees Celsius). They will not survive in temperatures below 55 degrees Fahrenheit (about 13 degrees Celsius). Any parts of the plant exposed to freezing temperatures will die. Therefore, it is important to choose the right location. If your climate regularly or seasonally gets colder than 55 degrees Fahrenheit (about 13 degrees Celsius), do not plant your plumeria in the ground outside. Instead, plant it in a container that you can keep inside when it gets cold.  Even though plumerias have strict temperature requirements, they are flexible in that they can flourish outside or inside. Plumerias can survive in very hot temperatures, even over 100 degrees Fahrenheit (about 38 degrees Celsius). Plumerias grow best in full sunlight, which is at least 6 hours a day. Find a location where the tree will be exposed to regular sunlight. Plumerias grow well in greenhouses or near a big window with lots of light if you are growing it inside. If planting your plumeria outside, you can plant it in a pot or in the ground. If planting plumerias in the ground, they will need to be planted 10 to 20 feet apart so that their roots have adequate space to grow. You can plant a root ball in a hole that is the same depth as the roots, but 2 to 3 times the width. Choose a planting location where the soil drains well and water doesn't puddle after a rainfall. Avoid locations where the plumeria will be exposed to heat radiating off a brick or concrete wall. Planting your plumeria in a container is useful so that you can move it inside if it gets cold. Or you can simply grow your plumeria inside year-round. If planting your plumeria in a container, be sure to use one with a hole or several holes in the bottom to provide soil and water drainage, as a plumeria won't do well with wet feet. Use at least a one gallon size container so that it has adequate room to grow. Black nursery containers are preferable to clay pots because of the porous nature of clay, which allows roots to be embedded in the walls and moisture to escape too quickly.  You can find black nursery containers at your local gardening store. Plastic pots are another good option because they lack the porousness of clay. Since one of the biggest hazards to plumerias is overwatering, make sure your soil is fast draining, like cactus mix. If it is too dense or fine, it will hold too much water. Coarse soil will help ensure adequate drainage. Choose one with a slightly acidic pH as well, from around 6 to 6.7. To make sure your soil will drain properly, you can mix it with some perlite or sand. Soil can be found at your local gardening store. If you are planting your plumeria outside, make sure the soil drains well by mixing it with an organic material like manure or peat. If you don’t want to plant your own plumeria, you can buy one already grown. Purchase a healthy plumeria tree at a local nursery. Select a compact plumeria plant with even, bright color and a sturdy, straight trunk. Look for evenly spaced branches. Avoid plants with wilted leaves or poor color.

Summary: