Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 13:21 EST, 11 October 2013. |. UPDATED:. 13:22 EST, 11 October 2013. A mother-of-two who advertized a $19,000 diamond ring on Craigslist has been lured hundreds of miles from her home by a man claiming he wanted to buy it before he robbed her, she has told police. Emily Graham, 32, said the man paid for her flight from Madison, Wisconsin to St Louis, Missouri for September 21, claiming he wanted to get the ring appraised and buy it for his wife. When she landed at Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, a car service picked her up to take her to a jewelry store to meet the buyer - but instead, he took her to an abandoned warehouse, she said. Scam: Emily Graham, left, said a man flew her to St Louis after responding to her Craigslist ad for a $19,000 diamond ring - before he allegedly stole it. Police have released an image of a 'person of interest', right. 'The neighborhood was really shady,' she told the St Louis Post-Dispatch. 'He pulled into the back of an abandoned warehouse and stopped the car, and someone was pounding on my window, saying, "Stop the car".' The man then demanded the ring, she said: 'It felt like an eternity, maybe 30 seconds, and I realized I've been scammed.' The driver pretended to act shocked and put his hands in the air but sat in the car while the suspect robbed her of the ring, her purse, her laptop, an iPhone, other jewelry and her shoes, she said. 'He could have killed me or raped me behind that warehouse,' she said. He hit her across the head with a pistol and forced her behind the building before leaving in the vehicle, an SUV, she said. She then ran to a nearby house for help and called police. Stolen: She said she wanted to sell the ring, pictured, to raise money as she went through a divorce. Berkeley Police Maj. Art Jackson told the Post-Dispatch that they are now checking nearby pawn shops for the items. He said the buyer had used a fake name in the correspondence and that the plane ticket had been bought with a stolen credit card. He said there was no doubt that the incident had occurred. 'We believe her,' Jackson said. 'She was in a very frantic state. Once the investigators started talking with her, they believed it did actually occur.' Victim: Graham, pictured wearing the ring, said she was taken to an abandoned building and robbed before the suspect drove off and left her there. She went to a home for help and called police. Graham, who works in website marketing, did not have the ring insured and after the robbery, she launched an online fundraising campaign to raise $30,000 to fund an after-school care program - which police said had raised some suspicions but that they weren't going to discount her story. She added that she needed the money from the ring, which she and her former husband bought and had appraised for $36,000 in 2007, because she was going through a divorce. Her husband, Jim Graham, 47, said he did not mind she had wanted to sell the ring, but that she was lucky to be alive after choosing to sell it as she had. He added that he supported her online fundraising efforts.