The most popular items in eBay’s marketplace are electronics, clothing and accessories and collectibles.  Sell used items from your home, or sell new items for a profit.  Popular electronics include laptops, game consoles, televisions and cell phones.  Sell new, used or refurbished electronic items.  Used and new designer suits, shoes and handbags sell well.  Wedding dresses are also popular.  Popular collectibles include remote control cars, American Girl dolls, new and vintage Lego sets and action figures, stamps and trading cards. Select a username and password.  Confirm the contact information eBay has on file for you.  Provide a valid credit card, debit card or bank account information for paying seller fees.  Select the payment methods you will accept, such as Paypal, merchant credit cards or payment on pickup.  Although it is not required, it is recommended that you get PayPal verified.  Pay insertion fees when you list an item.  The amount depends on the category of the item and the selling format you choose.  You are responsible for these even if the item doesn’t sell.  Pay final value fees when the item sells.  These are calculated as a percentage of the total amount of the sale.  Getting Paypal verified means that you have complied with PayPal’s verification process to establish your identity.  This process increases your security. Write a description of the listing.  Post pictures of the item.  You can post up to 12 pictures for free. Price your item.  Decide how much you will charge for shipping.  Follow eBay’s suggestions for writing the listing description based on successful listings of similar items.  Or, write your own original listing description.  Describe the item using straight-forward language.  Connect with interested shoppers by selecting the most relevant category and using descriptive keywords.  Take several photos of your item from different angles.  Research active and completed listings for similar items to determine a fair price.  Recommendations for shipping prices are provided by eBay. Write a blog post to notify readers of your sale.  Post on Facebook and Twitter to let your followers know you are selling on eBay.  Drive more traffic to your eBay store with promotion boxes.  These are graphic displays that advertise featured items and sales.  You can use eBay’s guided setup to create a promotion box, or you can create your own design. Check the “Sell” section of your “My eBay” dashboard to see if anybody has viewed, bid on or purchased your item. Revise your listing if you think you need to. Answer questions from potential buyers. Establishing trust make them more likely to buy from you. Provide excellent customer service in order to receive positive feedback. Communicate with your buyer about shipping. Make sure you have received payment before you ship the item. Package your item securely and with care.  Create a shipping label and packing slip on eBay. Creating a shipping label on eBay is free and convenient. Just print it out and tape it to your package. Tracking and delivery confirmation information are uploaded to eBay so you and your customer can track the package.

Summary: