Here is a news article: A DOG lover has been reunited with his miniature schnauzer — after it was stolen by a driver delivering Amazon parcels to his home. 
  
 Richard Guttfield realised 11-month-old pet Wilma was missing moments after an independent courier dropped off an order of dog food. 
  
 The 51-year-old organised a search when she disappeared and contacted Amazon to check the driver’s GPS log to find out if he had any information. 
  
 It is believed the data showed the courier had gone home before making his next delivery — and that is where Wilma was found five days later. 
  
 Mr Guttfield, who owns a printing business, claimed Amazon only took him seriously when he emailed company founder Jeff Bezos. 
  
 The dad-of-one told The Sun: ‘I just want people to know this can happen. 
  
 ‘Our homes are all exposed to these drivers and the vast majority of them are great. But low lives will take advantage. It’s just a miracle I got Wilma back.’ 
  
 He later posted on Facebook: ‘Wilma is safe and home now thanks to an amazing effort from a lot of kind-hearted people.’ Mr Guttfield said he was playing snooker in a converted barn at his £1.5million home in Marsworth, Buckinghamshire, last Friday, when the dog disappeared. 
  
 The pups sell for £1,200 each and he made an internet appeal and put up posters appealing for Wilma’s return after figuring she had been stolen. 
  
 He said of his phone calls to Amazon: ‘I had no real suspicions, so I explained it was not a witch hunt. I just wanted to know if the driver could help narrow down the search.’ 
  
 But, days later, an Amazon worker called Mr Guttfield to ask: ‘Can you describe your dog?’ 
  
 ‘I described her and he said, “She is here with me right now”,’ he added. 
  
 ‘He brought her straight over. He was a real star,’ said Mr Guttfield. 
  
 ‘ I asked how they had found her. He said he couldn’t say as it was under investigation.’ 
  
 Amazon described the incident as ‘inexcusable’ and said the driver no longer worked for them. ||||| A puppy that was stolen by a driver delivering Amazon parcels in England has been reunited with its owner. 
  
 Businessman Richard Guttfield, 51, said his black miniature schnauzer Wilma had gone missing after a driver dropped off a package of dog food. 
  
 Guttfield said it was only after he emailed Amazon's CEO and founder Jeff Bezos in a plea to have his dog returned that the company responded. 
  
 "My puppy went missing after an Amazon delivery and after an email to Jeff (Bezos)… we had someone who was amazing who tracked the driver and found our dog and brought her home," he told CNBC. 
  
 Amazon said that the driver in question would no longer deliver its packages. Drivers that deliver parcels for Amazon do not technically work for the company, but through a number of independent couriers. 
  
 "This is inexcusable and does not reflect the high standards we have for our delivery partners," a spokesperson for the company said in an emailed statement. "We take these matters seriously and this individual is no longer delivering Amazon packages for the independent delivery service provider." |||||
A summary of this is?