Summarize this article in one sentence.
One of the main principles of raja yoga is non-violence. Since the consumption of meat involves the death of an animal, yogis typically become vegetarians. The further you advance in your practice, the more interested you may become in giving up meat.  Raja yoga includes eight steps toward enlightenment, the first of which is self-control. Nonviolence is part of this first step, which means without becoming a vegetarian you ultimately will not achieve enlightenment. However, not everyone wishes to progress that far with their practice. Keep in mind that you do not have to become a vegetarian to meditate, or to gain benefit from a daily meditation practice. This is a decision you must come to on your own, in your own time. You certainly don't have to give away everything you own to benefit from meditation. But as you progress in raja yoga, you probably will find that you have less and less attachment to material possessions.  The principle of non-accumulation of material belongings also is included in the first step on the raja yoga path to enlightenment. The essence of this principle is to acquire only those things that you need to live. So, for example, if you live alone, there is no need to have a full set of dishes – you only need one plate, one spoon, one glass, and one set of silverware. Non-accumulation applies to people as well. Yogis do not hold onto others or foist their own beliefs and expectations on others, but rather allow them the freedom to be their own people and follow their own paths. Yogis who follow raja yoga believe that sex should only be for procreation. If you are not procreating, or attempting to procreate, you should abstain from sex if you want to reach a state of enlightenment. This yogic principle of purity goes beyond merely sexual abstinence, however. It also means you live a life of complete purity, with your thoughts turned always toward God. If you aspire to follow the raja yoga path, it is your responsibility to understand the principles and ideas upon which it is founded. The traditional texts can assist you on your meditative journey.  Key books to read include the Bhagavad Gita, the Upanishads, and the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali. Keep in mind that you don't have to believe everything in these books, or in other yogic teachings, to benefit from a meditative practice. Hold what you want and don't worry about the rest, but keep your mind open. As you continue to meditate, you might find yourself going back to those teachings and finding something new in them. Letting go of the idea of being stylish or following trends is part of embracing non-attachment to material possessions. Clothing ideally should be made of natural fibers, to comport with the yogic principle of purity.  Light-colored clothing typically is the least distracting, and is often favored by raja yoga practitioners. Avoid synthetic fabrics, since these are impure. You also should try to avoid brightly colored clothing or clothing with loud patterns that is designed to get attention. Stay away from clothing or shoes made from leather or fur, as these require the death of an animal.