By. Anna Edwards. PUBLISHED:. 11:51 EST, 5 March 2013. |. UPDATED:. 02:51 EST, 6 March 2013. Singer Paige Flaherty, 19, was caught out after she took a pink Mini and then appeared on the X Factor. A singer was caught after knocking down a pedestrian in a stolen car - when her victim spotted her on X Factor. Paige Flaherty stole a pink Mini from outside a house in Jarrow, South Tyneside, and drove to Newcastle where she collided with Chris Brown at a pelican crossing. Mr Brown, who was left bruised, ended up with the wrong details for Flaherty after the accident and thought that would be the last he, or the police, saw of her. But the 19-year-old, who was a member of girl band 'Twisted', was arrested when Mr Brown spotted her on the TV talent show. At Newcastle Crown Court today Flaherty, of Jarrow, pleaded guilty to aggravated vehicle taking and driving with no insurance on August 29, 2011. Flaherty, who has never been in trouble before, will be sentenced in April after the preparation of probation and medical reports. Judge Esmond Faulks granted her bail in the meantime and did not give any indication of what the sentence would be. And the judge said at the end of the short hearing: 'I don't watch X Factor so I am out of the loop.' VIDEO: Caught out on the X Factor! Paige Flaherty (far left) was spotted on TV after she gave Chris Brown the wrong contact details. Flaherty took the pink Mini, which belonged to bandmate Katie Orrock, from outside a house in Jarrow, South Tyneside. Paige Flaherty will be sentenced in April after she pleaded guilty to aggravated vehicle taking in court. Jeanette. Smith who prosecuted the case during an earlier hearing at South. Tyneside Magistrates' Court, said the victim claimed he realised it was. Flaherty who had hit him after he saw her on the television show. She added: 'He had been trying to get in touch with her by text message, but it became clear she had given him the wrong details. 'Then, weeks later, he saw the defendant auditioning on X Factor and thought it was the same person, and got in touch with the police.' Flaherty's band 'Twisted' hit the headlines after the X-Factor judge Kelly Rowland told band member Chrissie Pitt, from South Shields, to ditch the rest of the band and continue as a solo artist. Miss Pitt chose to leave the girl group, leaving the other members, including Cheryl Moody, Flaherty and Miss Orrock, furious and out of the competition. Last year, the threesome came back as 'KISSABEAT', covering Jessie J's 'Domino' for a competition with Sky's Starz TV. The band won the contest, which saw the threesome record their own song 'Just Jealousy'. But when the song was released, Flaherty's vocals were erased from the final version. Made headlines: The group made headlines when fellow bandmate Chrissie. Pitt, right, was told by judge Kelly Rowland, left, to drop her band mates and continue on solo in the. competition. Bitter rumours: The three remaining band members were rumoured to be bitter about Ms Pitt's decision to continue on solo in the competition and the trio made a comeback, winning Sky's Starz TV competition.

What are highlight points for this article?