Rina Khan was cleared of assault today after being accused of hitting a child so hard with a ruler that it snapped. A primary school teacher who hit a six-year-old pupil on the head with a ruler in class has been cleared of assault. Rina Khan, 41, was accused of hitting the child so hard that it broke - as a punishment for getting a question wrong during a Maths lesson. On Tuesday, she went on trial at Birmingham Crown Court charged with common assault and child cruelty. Prosecutors said she 'flipped' and lost her temper before lashing out and also claimed she called the boy a 'muppet'. The court heard a teaching assistant watched in horror as part of the ruler 'flew across the room' after the incident on March 20 which left the Year 2 pupil 'sad and scared'. Ms Khan wept in the dock as she told the court yesterday that she only 'tapped' the boy on the head because he was misbehaving by poking another pupil with a pencil. And after less than an hour of deliberating today, a jury agreed with her version of events and cleared of her of all charges. Recorder John Edwards told Ms Khan: 'You have been found not guilty on both counts. You are discharged and you are free to go.' Outside court, Ms Khan spoke of her relief following her ordeal which saw her suspended from her job and taking anti-depressants. She said: 'I am just very relieved that the word was not guilty. This has been going in since March. 'I was suspended and I have been ill at home since. I have been taking anti-depressants and I had become somewhat of a recluse. 'And all this just for tapping a child on the head with a ruler. 'I do feel like I have been picked on. I'm not sure what I'm going to do next.' The court heard how the teacher had warned the child twice about poking another pupil with a pencil at the school, which cannot be named for legal reasons. She admitted to striking him on the head with the ruler but said she only did so gently and the ruler may have broken because it was weak. Jurors were also told the boy 'barely reacted at all' and was not injured during the incident. Giving evidence, Ms Khan, from Smethwick in the West Midlands, said: 'I have a duty of care to all my pupils. A jury Birmingham Crown Court, pictured, agreed with Ms Khan's version of events and cleared her of common assault and child cruelty charges. 'The pencil was quite sharp. It was going to hurt the girl. She was really trying so hard to work. 'I had a ruler in my hand at that time...and simply tapped him on the head. 'The ruler broke. I was really really shocked by that. I don't think I used any force. It was just a tap. 'I did call him a muppet but I did not use that word on that day. 'I used that word with my children sometimes but as a term of affection, just like The Muppets Show with the furry, little guys.' Tom Walkling, defending, added: 'Do we want to live in a world where teachers are so afraid of being prosecuted in a criminal court that they are wary of any contact with the children in their care? 'Is tapping a naughty boy on the head with a ruler really a criminal assault?'

What are highlight points for this article?