By. James  Nye. A plush, multi-million dollar Washington D.C. development is trying to attract new residents with a rather cute offer - a communal miniature English Bulldog, complete with her own Instagram account. Emmy the shared mutt will be at the disposal of all the future residents of the 2M building located at 2 M street NE, in Northeast D.C.’s rapidly gentrifying NoMa (North of Massachusetts Avenue) district. The six-month-old bulldog - named after the building's two M's - acts not only as a pet for all, but essentially a mascot in the capitals combative property market. Ready for walks and hugs: Emmy the miniature English bulldog will be available for all residents of the 2M building in Washington D.C. when it opens - here she is in her doghouse, which is designed to look like the final design of the building itself. Emmy lives in a doghouse, has her own Instagram account and will be there for residents who are too busy for their own dogs. She will be on offer to be taken for walks, or to their own apartments, very much in the manner of a library book or a DVD borrowed from Netflix. Emmy will even be available for belly rubs at the front desk. According to her own biography at the 2M website, Emmy is 'currently working towards my doggy degree that will earn me a spot at the concierge desk. Hello, my name is Emmy: The cute miniature English bulldog will be shared by all residents of the 2M building in Washington D.C's gentrifying NoMa district. Tough day: Emmy is preparing to be smothered with love by the residents of 2M. Any advantage: The 2M building in Washington D.C. is taking the unusual step of offering a shared dog to its new residents. 'When I’m on duty, I’ll be available to take walks with our residents in the dog park, fetch a few hugs, kisses and belly rubs, and host community yappy hours; it’s a ruff job, but some puppy’s got to do it!' Holli Beckman, who is a vice-president of the 2M building's owner, William C. Smith and Co. explained the logic behind the puppy for sharing option for residents of the apartments which will open to the market in the summer. 'I was sitting at a cafe one day, and we saw a puppy come in and everyone just stopped in their tracks and came alive,' said Beckman to The Washington Post. 'And it just dawned on me that everyone loves doggies and babies, right?' Pool and Capital views: The residents of 2M will also have access to a communal swimming pool as well as Emmy. Luxury living: Emmy the miniature English bulldog is sure to be treated well living inside the 2M building. But how will Emmy's time be split up? Spokesman WC Smith explains:. 'Emmy is primarily cared for by our property manager, Doug. Once 2M is open, she will spend most of the day lounging in the leasing office with our team, returning home with Doug in the evenings,' said Smith. 'Residents are encouraged to come and say hello, and they will certainly see her out in the private dog park, playing with her fellow dog residents. 'Those who cannot or do not have their own pets may be able to take her for a walks around the property.'
Summarize the highlights of this article.