In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

Slow-cooked chips cook evenly and crisp up well. Set your oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit, or 160 degrees Celsius. Move the racks to the middle position. Scrub the potatoes under running water to remove dirt, and cut off any green areas. You can leave the flavorful skin on, or peel it if you prefer a uniform appearance. Russets and Yukon Gold are two good options for this recipe. Avoid waxy or boiling varieties, since these tend to fall apart or cook unevenly. Uneven slices are much more difficult to cook, since the thin slices will burn before the thick ones are ready. Use a mandoline set to ⅛ inch (3 mm), or a slicing disc attachment on a food processor. If you don't have either of these, sharpen a knife as much as possible and cut by hand.  Keep the mandoline surface wet to keep the starch from sticking to the surface. Use a corrugated knife or mandoline blade if you prefer wavy chips. This size makes a thick-cut, crunchy chip, similar to store-bought kettle-cooked chips. You can cut the slices thinner with mandoline, but thin slices burn more easily. Starch molecules are essentially long chains of sugar, and just like sugar, they caramelize and turn brown when heated. If you prefer a light-colored potato chip with no burnt flavors, parboil the slices first to get rid of some starch:  For every two large or three medium potatoes, combine 2 quarts (2 liters) water and 2 tbsp (30 mL) white vinegar in a large pot. The vinegar stops the potatoes falling apart. Bring to a boil. Add potato slices and cook for exactly three minutes. Cook for one or two minutes instead if slices are thinner than ⅛ inch (3 mm). Drain potatoes and transfer to a baking sheet lined with paper towels. Pat dry, then leave on paper towels for five minutes to finish drying. Move slices occasionally for even drying. Grease heavy-gauge baking sheets or roasting pans with a light layer of olive oil, butter, or cooking spray. Thin, lightweight baking sheets may warp in the oven or burn the chips. If these are your only option, let the sheets warm in the oven as it preheats, and cover the entire surface with chips. Brush or spray on a little bit more oil or butter over the slices, or just flip them over once on the greased pan. See below for additional flavor ideas. Check on the chips frequently, since the cooking time can be unpredictable due to differences in potato variety. Rotate the pan halfway through for even cooking. Remove chips as soon as they are completely dry and the edges are starting to turn golden brown. You can leave them to brown a little more if you prefer them that way.  If some slices brown more quickly than others, remove them with tongs and continue baking the rest. This cooking time is for ⅛" (3mm) slices. Thicker slices may take much longer to cook. Transfer your homemade baked potato chips onto paper towels to absorb the excess grease. Leave them uncovered to finish crisping as they cool. Homemade potato chips will turn soft sooner than store-bought chips. Keep leftovers in airtight containers in a dry, cool location.

Summary: