Information:  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - An electronic game is a game that employs electronics to create an interactive system with which a player can play. Video game is the most common form today, and for this reason the terms are often mistakenly used synonymously. Other common forms of electronic game include such products as handheld electronic games, standalone systems (e.g. pinball, slot machines, or electro-mechanical arcade games), and exclusively non-visual products (e.g. audio games).  - Konami is famous for popular video game series such as "Castlevania", "Contra", "Dance Dance Revolution", "Gradius", "Frogger", "Suikoden", "Ganbare Goemon", "Metal Gear", "Mirmo", "Beatmania IIDX", "Pro Evolution Soccer", "Boktai", "Silent Hill", "Yu-Gi-Oh!", and "Sound Voltex". The 2012 purchase and absorption of Hudson Soft resulted in the addition of several other popular franchises, including "Adventure Island", "Bonk", "Bloody Roar", "Bomberman", "Far East of Eden" and "Star Soldier". Konami is the twentieth-largest game company in the world by revenue.   - The first game, named "Star Soldier", appeared on the MSX and NES in 1986, and the series has continued on various gaming systems. "Star Soldier" itself has received enhanced remakes for both the GameCube and PlayStation 2 in 2003, and a different remake for the PlayStation Portable in 2005, while the latest installment of the series was released on the Wii as a WiiWare game in 2008. In addition, "Super Star Soldier", "Final Soldier", "Soldier Blade" and "Star Parodier" have been re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console and on the Japanese PC Engine's Best Collection lineup for the PSP.  - Information. The series began in 1997 under the name "Beastorizer". The game's theme incorporated anthropomorphism, where the player has the ability to transform into a half-human, half-animal creature known as a "Zoanthrope" (the name came from the clinical term, 'zoanthropy', which is similar to that of lycanthropy, but not just with the mindset of a wolf). The game would appear under the name ""Bloody Roar"" when ported to the PlayStation in 1998, which would become the permanent title thereafter. There are three "Bloody Roar" sequels, plus a game based on a sidestory set between 3 and 4 on the Nintendo GameCube which was later ported to the Xbox.  - Silent Scope 3 is a rail shooter video game developed and published by Konami .    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'platform' with the subject 'silent scope 3'.  Choices: - handheld  - msx  - nintendo gamecube  - playstation  - playstation 2  - playstation portable  - wiiware
Answer: