Q:Information:  - HAT (Hellenic Aeronautical Technologies) is a small Greek aerospace company based in Athens. Its founder, Anastasios Makrykostas has been an aerospace engineer in Hellenic Aerospace Industry. HAT specializes in aircraft parts made of composite materials. The first flight of its own developed aircraft, the HAT LS2, was made on May 23, 1997. It is a two-seater light aircraft with a 64 hp VW piston engine and maximum speed 233 km/h, designed for sale in the form of construction plans.  - Athens ("Athína" ) is the capital and largest city of Greece. Athens dominates the Attica region and is one of the world's oldest cities, with its recorded history spanning over 3,400 years, and its earliest human presence starting somewhere between the 11th and 7th millennia BC. Classical Athens was a powerful city-state that emerged in conjunction with the seagoing development of the port of Piraeus, which had been a distinct city prior to its 5th century BC incorporation with Athens. A centre for the arts, learning and philosophy, home of Plato's Academy and Aristotle's Lyceum, it is widely referred to as the cradle of Western civilization and the birthplace of democracy, largely because of its cultural and political impact on the European continent, and in particular the Romans. In modern times, Athens is a large cosmopolitan metropolis and central to economic, financial, industrial, maritime, political and cultural life in Greece. In 2015, Athens was ranked the world's 29th richest city by purchasing power and the 67th most expensive in a UBS study.  - HAT LS2 ( designation standing for `` Landplane , Single engine , 2 - seater ) is a light airplane developed by Hellenic Aeronautical Technologies ( HAT ) , a small Greek manufacturer of aerospace components . Design started in 1990 followed by prototype construction . After a temporary delay of the program , first flight of prototype ( SX - LS2 ) was made on May 23 , 1997 . Air - worthiness certificate was awarded on September 2 , 1999 . The plane is a light two - seater sporting airplane constructed of fiber - reinforced composites , designed for sale in the form of construction plans .  - Hellenic Aerospace Industry (HAI, , Elliniki Aeroporiki Viomichania or ) is the leading aerospace company of Greece. The company has undertaken over the years a great deal of subcontracting work with major International Aerospace companies (including Boeing, Airbus, Alenia, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, EADS and many others) and has accomplished many original developments in military electronics, telecommunications equipment, night vision equipment, wind generators and composite material technology.    What object entity has the relation of 'subclass of' with the subject 'hat ls2'?   Choices: - aerospace industry  - aircraft  - airplane  - capital  - city  - company  - composite material  - continent  - democracy  - design  - electronics  - greek  - hat  - history  - industry  - life  - light aircraft  - material  - military  - own  - philosophy  - single  - speed  - standing  - state  - telecommunications equipment  - vision  - western  - wind
A: