A match between Memphis Tigers and BYU Cougars ended with a mass brawl as the two sets of players decided to take aim at each other, ending in a bloody fight. The Tigers, who were participating in the inaugural Miami Beach Bowl, should have been celebrating their win over the notoriously straight-laced BYU Cougars, but the players ended up dealing physical blows. Some were even seen using their protective helmets as weapons in order to get the better of their opponents after the tense game. The field was flooded with Memphis and BYU players in a bloody fight as the final whistle blew. BYU player Kai Nacua is facing expulsion after he was caught on camera punching an opponent. It has been an embarrassment for Brigham Young University's college team, which is grappling to wedge itself into the upper echelons of league football - while promoting the school's Mormon values. The Memphis Tigers had just won their first game in nine years, defeating the BYU Cougars 55-48. But Christian Stewart, on the losing side, closed the game by throwing an interception. And havoc ensued. The Tigers' Chase Johnson was caught on camera swinging his helmet into the head BYU center Tejan Koroma - who was fighting off four other opponents. Meanwhile BYU defensive Kai Nacua could be seen punching the back of an opponent's head, and now faces expulsion. Around them, players on both teams' benches descended on the field and piled on top of each other. The coaches can be seen trying to restrain anyone they come into contact with - to no avail. Memphis Tigers' Chase Johnson could be seen coming up behind a group lifting his helmet. Shockingly, Johnson launches over his team-mate's shoulder towards an opponent. He is then captured on camera swinging the helmet into the opponent's head. Twitter users fumed at the footage, which has sparked outrage across Memphis and Provo. Memphis Tigers and BYU Cougars players streamed onto the field at the end of the Miami Beach Bowl. It was a violent conclusion to the tense and exhilarating game, which Memphis won 55-48. It was a bloody conclusion to what had been an exhilarating and tense contest. Paxton Lynch, a Memphis quarterback, scored four touchdowns, went for another three and passed for more than 300 yards. BYU's Stewart threw for 349 yards and three touchdowns. Tom Holmoe, BYU athletics director, tweeted an apology: 'We expect better of our athletes, even in the face of a difficult loss. We intend to fully review this matter. I apologise to Cougar Nation.' The outburst prompted a barrage of Twitter reaction and opinion columns in Salt Lake City, Utah, near where BYU is located. The Salt Lake Tribune's Gordon Monson wrote: 'It was sad. It was pathetic.' 'Totally disgusted with the BYU players complete lack of class,' one tweet read. Another user referenced the school's Honor Code, which - if violated - can warrant expulsion: 'BYU... Honor Code violation?' BYU's Latanoa Pikula tries to block one player from another as the brawl escalates. Memphis tight end Alan Cross bleeds from the head after footage showed him being punched.
What are the important parts of this article?