What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Once you've mastered the fundamentals of safe night driving, the experience can actually be a fun, relaxing one, especially if you make the most of entertaining opportunities that also help you drive safely. For instance, if you have a passenger in the car with you while you're driving at night, you may want to partially engage yourself in a light conversation with him or her. Talking to other people is a great way to stave off driving fatigue, and the calm, pitch-black surroundings can often encourage surprisingly intimate conversations. Be sure, however, not to engage yourself too heavily in the conversation. Getting into a heated argument, for example, can distract you from the most important task at hand — driving safely. Driving at night can be a fantastic time to listen to your favorite music on your car's stereo. The relative quiet and calm of night driving makes it easier to hear a song's minor details, making good music especially enjoyable. Some people prefer to listen to slick disco or electronica cuts at night, while others appreciate the thrill of hard rock tracks. There's no "right" type of music to listen to at night — it's up to you! Below are just a few great night driving tracks from several different genres (there are many, many more):  Kavinsky - "Nightcall" Chromatics - "Back From the Grave" DJ Shadow - "Midnight in a Perfect World" Kyuss - "Gardenia" Allan Kingdom - "Evergreens" Golden Earring - "Radar love" Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick, and Tich - "Hold Tight" Quiet Riot - "Party All Night" Daft Punk - "Contact" Charles Mingus - "Moanin'" Driving at night can sometimes be a way to come into contact with people and things that you wouldn't otherwise see! For instance, most major city centers truly "come to life" at night and bustle with unique characters enjoying the night life. Even rural areas can have their share of unique late-night "flavor". Every stretch of road is different, so keep your eyes peeled for attractions as you drive — if you're taking lots of breaks to fight night-driving fatigue, you should have ample opportunities to stop. Below are just a few things you may want to look out for:  Late-night diners/hang-outs Bars and nightclubs (note: avoid drinking and driving, especially at night) Truck stops/rest areas Scenic paths and overlooks Camp grounds Drive-in attractions (theaters, restaurants, etc.) Driving at night can be an experience like no other. With the calm, steady hum of the engine and the darkness of your surroundings, driving can be almost like flying through space. Driving at night feels mysterious, fun, and even exciting — for some people, it's one of life's simplest yet most addictive joys. It's perfectly fine to enjoy a good night drive, but don't forget to focus on what's most important of all — your safety and the safety of other drivers. Always remember that getting distracted while driving can be deadly (especially at night), so keep your attention on the road. If you're confident in your safe driving habits, you'll be able to responsibly relax, tune in, and enjoy your ride!