Here is a news article: Alabama's 2011 BCS championship trophy -- the exact one Nick Saban and Crimson Tide players lifted above their heads after their 21-0 victory over LSU -- shattered into thousands of tiny pieces Saturday, the result of what Crimson Tide officials are dubbing an unfortunate accident. 
  
  
  
 Associate Athletics Director for Football Communications Jeff Purinton said a parent of a current Crimson Tide player accidentally knocked over the crystal football, which was on display after Saturday's A-Day game inside the Mal Moore Athletic Facility. Purinton declined to disclose who sent the football tumbling from its perch. 
  
  
  
 Purinton said Alabama is in the initial stages of figuring out how to replace the trophy, which is made entirely of Waterford Crystal and is valued at $30,000. 
  
  
  
 Alabama fans received opportunities to pose next to the trophy throughout the offseason at various sites across the state. Before Saturday's scrimmage, hundreds of fans had their pictures snapped with it under a canopy outside Gate 5 of Bryant-Denny Stadium. 
  
  
  
 This isn't the first time a school has been forced to replace its championship trophy. 
  
  
  
 Former Georgia tight end Orson Charles accidentally knocked over Florida's 2008 championship trophy during a recruiting visit. In 2004, Florida State had two of its championship trophies, each valued at $30,000, stolen from a locked case. 
  
  
  
  ||||| Alabama's crystal ball trophy was valued at $30,000. Derick E. Hingle/US PRESSWIRE 
  
 The crystal football Alabama won for beating LSU in the BCS championship game in January was shattered on A-Day when it was accidentally knocked off a display by the father of a current player. 
  
 Athletic department spokesman Jeff Purinton said the Waterford Crystal trophy, valued at $30,000, was on display in the Mal Moore Athletic Facility as part of the festivities for the Crimson Tide's spring football game Saturday in Tuscaloosa, Ala. He says the man stumbled on a rug that was under the trophy display. 
  
 Purinton said the school is working with the American Football Coaches Association, which owns the trophy, on getting a replacement. 
  
 Florida's 2006 trophy was destroyed when it was accidentally knocked off a pedestal by a recruit in 2008. In 2004, Florida State had two trophies stolen. 
  
 "In 2009 and again this season, Alabama did a great job showing the trophy off to fans even after we turned it over to them," said Charley Green, manager of the coaches' trophy. "Unfortunately it is fragile, and accidents can happen. 
  
 Green said the trophy makes appearances for several weeks before it is turned over to the school in mid-January. 
  
 "We use a temporary adhesive called museum gel to keep the crystal from falling off its pegs," he said. "We do provide that substance to winning schools, along with a page of assembly instructions. But we have no way of knowing whether the schools use the gel." 
  
 Copyright 2012 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. |||||
A summary of this is?