I know," Evalle interrupted, her face growing warmer by the second as she recalled Lanna's account of her cousin's insight into the situation. Lanna had relayed the information with good intentions, but it only seemed to confuse and hurt Evalle even more. It was no secret that she had been harboring feelings for him for quite some time, and just hearing that he might not feel the same way was a painful punch to the gut.

Lanna quickly sensed her friend's distress and tried her best to console her. "Hey, you never know, people change and their feelings evolve. Just because he might not have shown interest in the past doesn't mean he can't grow to like you in the future."

Evalle nodded half-heartedly, trying her best to believe in Lanna's words. She couldn't shake the nagging feeling that she had messed up, that she had pushed him away by revealing her emotions too soon. Their friendship had always been the perfect blend of laughter, understanding, and support – perhaps adding romantic feelings into the mix had ruined everything. The thought was unbearable.

"Why don't you try talking to him?" Lanna suggested, leaning toward Evalle as she placed a comforting hand on her arm. "Get his perspective on things. I mean, my cousin's observation is just secondhand gossip after all. It's better to hear it straight from him."

Evalle took a deep breath, considering the proposition. Her heart raced as she imagined the conversation playing out. There was always a chance that she'd receive the answer she desperately hoped for – that he still cared for her, and perhaps even shared her feelings. Yet, the thought of rejection loomed over her like a dark cloud, threatening to send her spiraling into a pit of loneliness and despair.

Unable to decide on her course of action, Evalle found herself turning her gaze to Lanna, seeking reassurance and guidance. Determination shone in Lanna's eyes, and in that moment, Evalle found the courage she needed.

"You're right, I need to talk to him myself," she finally declared with newfound conviction. "At the very least, I need to know where I stand, so I can start to move on if necessary."

Lanna smiled, proud of her friend's bravery, and gave her an encouraging squeeze on her arm. "That's the spirit. Don't worry, I'll be here to support you through it all. And who knows, maybe the outcome will be better than you expect."

With a deep breath and a slight nod to her friend, Evalle made up her mind. It was time to face her fears head-on, confronting the situation that had haunted her for what felt like an eternity. Regardless of the outcome, she knew that she would come out stronger on the other side, thanks to the unwavering support of Lanna.

Little did Evalle know, in taking the decision to communicate with him directly, she would not only learn more about his feelings but more about herself, and the power that courageous conversations can hold. This would be a turning point in their relationship and in her life, an opportunity for growth and personal development that she would always look back upon with a sense of gratitude, even in the face of potential heartbreak.