New home in Noe Valley hosts plethora of modern designs
A gas fireplace with marble surround is the focal point of the great room, above. The kitchen, below right, has a terraced center island. The modern exterior, below left, includes red stucco.

A gas fireplace with marble surround is the focal point of the...

The great room features floor-to-ceiling windows and access to a tile deck.

The great room features floor-to-ceiling windows and access to a...

A gas fireplace with floor-to-ceiling marble surround serves as the focal point of the great room.

A gas fireplace with floor-to-ceiling marble surround serves as the...

The kitchen includes a work area, a terraced center island and integrated appliances.

The kitchen includes a work area, a terraced center island and...

A powder room off the kitchen is concealed by the wood-paneled walls.

A powder room off the kitchen is concealed by the wood-paneled walls.

The tile patio off the bedroom overlooks San Francisco Bay.

The tile patio off the bedroom overlooks San Francisco Bay.

The patio offers views of downtown San Francisco and the...

The master bathroom hosts marble flooring, frosted glass windows and a soaking tub.

The master bathroom hosts marble flooring, frosted glass windows...

The home includes a media room with projection screen.

The home includes a media room with projection screen.

The kitchen opens to a backyard with a redwood deck, planter boxes and built-in seating.

The kitchen opens to a backyard with a redwood deck, planter boxes...

The newly built Noe Valley home is the third of three done by the same development team on Diamond St.

The newly built Noe Valley home is the third of three done by the...

The master bathroom includes a walk-in shower and dual floating vanities.

The master bathroom includes a walk-in shower and dual floating...

This bedroom includes an alcove with windows on three sides.

This bedroom includes an alcove with windows on three sides.

This bedroom features floating reveal baseboards and access to a patio overlooking the neighborhood.

This bedroom features floating reveal baseboards and access to a...

Floating reveal baseboards are among the modern design elements of the Noe Valley home.

Floating reveal baseboards are among the modern design elements of...

A retaining wall, seen outside this bedroom window, was erected prior to the construction of the hillside home.

A retaining wall, seen outside this bedroom window, was erected...

The contemporary home features 3 1/2 bathrooms with modern designs.

The contemporary home features 3 1/2 bathrooms with modern designs.

A white oak staircase with glass railing connects the levels of the Noe Valley home.

A white oak staircase with glass railing connects the levels of the...

Glass tiles, a floating vanity and a wall-mounted toilet are among the inclusions of this bathroom.

Glass tiles, a floating vanity and a wall-mounted toilet are among...

The four-bedroom home in Noe Valley features built-in speakers and white oak floors.

The four-bedroom home in Noe Valley features built-in speakers and...
What was this article about?