Please answer the following question: Information:  - Please Describe Yourself is the debut studio album by the British alternative rock band Dogs Die in Hot Cars. It was first released on 12 July 2004 in the United Kingdom on V2 Records. After releasing several limited-edition singles and the extended play "Man Bites Man", the band released the album to critical praise.  - The Man Bites Man EP was a CD containing 4 tracks that was used to promote Dogs Die in Hot Cars , who were at the time working on their debut album : Please Describe Yourself . The release was limited to 1000 copies . The third track on this CD was used in an advertising campaign for Boots . Also , the recording of `` Pastimes & Lifestyles '' found on this EP is different from that of the version found on their debut - the most notable difference being that the bridge before the last chorus on this version is longer . Clive Langer and Alan Winstanley ( who produced the band 's debut album ) produced the first track on this CD , while Paul Tipler produced tracks 2 and 4 , and track 3 was produced by Craig Macintosh - the band 's lead singer .  - An EP (short for extended play) is a musical recording that contains more tracks than a single, but is usually unqualified as an album or LP. An EP originally referred to specific types of vinyl records other than 78 rpm standard play (SP) and LP, but it is now applied to mid-length CDs and downloads as well.  - Dogs Die in Hot Cars is a Scottish band from St. Andrews consisting of members Craig Macintosh (vocals, guitar), Gary Smith (vocals, guitar) Ruth Quigley (vocals, keyboards, French horn), Lee Worrall (bass and glockenspiel) and Laurence Davey (drums and percussion).  - V2 Records (or V2 Music) is a record label that was purchased by Universal Music Group in 2007, and then by PIAS Entertainment Group in 2013.  - Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s and 2000s. In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'instance of' with the subject 'man bites man'.  Choices: - album  - band  - collective  - die  - edition  - extended play  - generation  - genre  - guitar  - label  - music  - new wave  - punk rock  - rock  - rock music  - scottish  - single  - studio  - studio album  - term  - word
Answer: