In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

You may love a character, and think you could cosplay her perfectly, but if she’s not very well known, you’re not likely to get much of a response from other people. The best characters to cosplay as are iconic and distinctive. They don't need to be the most well-known characters, but you will want at least a fraction of convention attendees to know who you're playing as. If being seen as attractive is your priority, think about which characters members of the fan community are most attracted to, and which ones you find most beautiful. Cosplay means costume art to some, but truly dedicated cosplayers act out their character. This requires having a solid knowledge of the character's motivations, history and psychology. Look into the source material and give yourself a crash course in the character. Ask yourself questions and try to answer them yourself. What is her darkest secret? How would she react to a stranger? What hobbies does she have? These may not have a big effect on the character's personality, but it helps you get into the proper mindset. For example, if you're going as Rei Ayanami from Neon Genesis Evangelion, watch the anime and observe the way she thinks, moves, and talks. Note her character arc. To be a great cosplayer, you should be able to capture the essence of your character in a single pose. Without movement or talking, frame your body in such a way that expresses something of the character's personality. Practice some poses in front of the mirror and see if something sticks. If you're having a trouble finding one that really works, try looking up artwork or promo photos for the character you're cosplaying as and copy it.  For instance, a battle-ready stance might suit a character from an action-adventure series, like Final Fantasy or Kingdom Hearts.  Poses are best-suited for photo ops. If your costume is impressive enough, you're bound to get a lot of attention. Having a few good poses will help you look better in photos. Unfortunately, for all of the great things conventions can offer, they are also notorious for attracting haters and creeps. Dressing up as an attractive anime girl can be an open invitation for some of these less desirable types. If someone like this approaches you or makes a comment you're not comfortable with, the best thing you can do is ignore it and walk away. Nothing breaks character like genuine stress, and you don't want negative feelings to get in the way of your convention experience. If someone is persistently harassing you, contact security or con-ops immediately. Cosplay if ultimately about expressing yourself, and the best way to do that is through confidence. If you're confident about what you're doing, the cosplay act will come more naturally. Of course, this may be easier said than done for a lot of people. Confidence is not the sort of thing that happens overnight. Nonetheless, you should pat yourself on the back for the fact alone you are putting yourself out there via cosplay. Cosplay takes courage, and simply being interested in doing it means you've got what it takes.