In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

These ingredients may further dry out your skin. Check the label on any facial cleanser you are considering buying to ensure that it does not contain these ingredients. Opt for a cleanser meant for dry skin for best results. For example, you can purchase a soap-free cleanser, such as Cetaphil or Aquanil. twice daily with lukewarm water and a gentle cleanser. Wet your face with cool or lukewarm water by cupping the water in your hands and splashing it onto your face. Work the cleanser into your skin with your fingertips using small circular motions. Then, rinse the soap off of your face by wetting it again.  Do not scrub your skin with a sponge or washcloth because this will strip extra oils from your skin and dry it out even more.  Don’t use hot water to wash your face as this may dry out your skin even more. After you finish washing and rinsing your face, get a clean, dry towel and pat your face with it. Do not rub the towel against your skin as this will dry it out more. Gently pat your face all over with the towel to dry it off. You can use a regular towel, or try a microfiber towel or T-shirt for an even softer option. These ingredients work well for treating dry skin on your face. Look at the label to check for 1 or both of these ingredients. You may also want to choose a cream or ointment moisturizer rather than a lotion. Look for something that is labeled as “intensive” or that is meant for treating dry skin. Other ingredients that may help to moisturize dry skin include dimethicone, glycerin, hyaluronic acid, lactic acid, lanolin, mineral oil, petrolatum, and urea. Check the ingredients on moisturizers you consider buying to see if it contains any of these ingredients. to your face right after cleansing. This is the best time to lock in moisture and get rid of dry skin. Apply enough moisturizer to your skin to fully coat it, and then let the moisturizer sit on your skin until your skin absorbs it. Use your fingertips to smooth the moisturizer all over your face and neck. You may only need a pea-sized amount to cover your whole face, so start with that amount and then apply more moisturizer if needed. Using pure aloe vera gel on your skin once or twice per day may help to reduce dryness. Use aloe vera gel in place of or in addition to your usual moisturizer after you wash your face. Apply enough aloe to coat your skin and allow it to absorb.  You can purchase pure aloe vera gel in a drug store or grocery store. Make sure that the aloe gel does not contain any other ingredients, such as fragrances, dyes, alcohol, or lidocaine (for numbing a sunburn). These are likely to irritate your dry skin. Using manuka honey on your skin may help to reduce dry skin on your face. Apply a thin layer of manuka honey to your skin after cleansing it. Then, let the honey sit on your skin for 10 minutes before rinsing it off with lukewarm water. Repeat this once or twice weekly for a deep moisturizing treatment.  You can buy manuka honey in specialty food stores and online. If you cannot find manuka honey, use regular honey instead.

Summary: