What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Know that you will not be sleeping in your comfortable bed. Recognize that your situation is probably going to cause some inconveniences for you and will not be what you are used to. Be ok with it, though, and enjoy your new experience while it lasts. Take this opportunity to look at the twinkling stars, smell the clean air and listen to the sounds of the wilderness. Temperatures can drop quickly after sunset and things can get very dark. Be prepared by keeping layers of clothing and other forms of insulation as well as flashlights or a headlamp in your car and on your person if you are hiking or camping. For safety, a whistle, knife or other tool can also be useful. Be prepared for nighttime bathroom breaks. Put a flashlight or headlamp near you, along with your shoes. Secure all your food and anything scented outside your tent, if you have one, or away from your sleeping location. If you spill some of your food, collect it and put it in approved bins. Do not spit out toothpaste near where you will sleep either. If your clothes have collected the scent of food or food residue, do not wear them to sleep. Even though you will be sleeping on the ground, you can help your mind and body get ready for bed by doing the same things you would normally do before bed. If you usually brush your teeth before you get into bed, then do that before you lay down in your makeshift bed. It can give you a feeling of normalcy. A meal or snack before bed can help you go to sleep. If it's a cold night, digesting the food can warm you up. Your body will then generate more heat to keep you warmer. Eat foods that contain the sleep hormone melatonin, such as tart cherries or walnuts. Some light exercise can help make you tired. Stretching can be relaxing or you can do some sit-ups or pushups. Don't exercise too intensely, though, or you could become more awake. You also don't want to get sweaty. Always make sure you have adequate water access. Being thirsty is not conducive to sleep. You don't want to drink so much that you have to pee all night, but you do want to be hydrated. This will aid blood circulation and help get rid of the possibility of headaches, like those that can happen at high altitudes. A warm beverage can be soothing and help you keep warm. Avoid drinking alcoholic beverages, though, if it is cold. They can actually increase heat loss because consuming alcohol tends to dilate blood vessels under the skin. Read or take deep breaths to calm your body and mind down. If the night sounds spook you, then try not to listen too much to them. Most animals are not dangerous and are probably more scared of people than you are of them.  Try sleeping near a river (keep a safe distance). The sound of rushing water can serve as white noise that drowns out unnerving night sounds. Eventually, you will be tired enough to fall asleep. It can be rough at first but if you are sleeping on the ground for more than a night or 2, it will start to get very easy. Being as comfortable as possible is the most helpful thing you can do to fall asleep on the ground.

Summary: