Summarize the following:
Travel to a geographical region where salamanders generally reside. One-third of all salamander species can be found in North America, specifically in the Appalachian Mountains region. Salamanders also reside throughout Central America, South America, Asia, and Europe. There are over 700 different species of salamanders in the world, and they all come in a variety of sizes and colors. Salamanders have long, smooth bodies and four limbs, and they can be a small as 2 inches long, while others can grow to 4 feet long! Some species of salamanders are brightly colored, which can indicate that they are poisonous.  The hellbender is a type of large salamander found in North America, which can grow up to 2.5 feet in length!  Northern red salamanders are typically found in Maryland and live in natural springs. They are a bright, beautiful red with black flecks.  Some salamanders, such as the axolotl or the Mexican salamander, are pale pink or white. These types of salamanders live underground and are rarely exposed to sunlight. Most salamanders live underground but will move out of dormancy in the spring to breed in vernal pools, which are shallow depressions in the ground that contain water during this time of year. This is the best time of year to search for these critters in the wild. Locations near wetlands, streams, rivers, ponds, marshes, and swamps are ideal locations for salamanders to make their home. Most salamanders have a long larval stage and spend most of their early life in the water, much like frogs do. These moist environments are ideal for catching a glimpse of these animals in the wild. Edge environments, or eco tones, describe areas where two different habitats meet. Salamanders can often be found in these environments, so be sure to look near the shorelines of streams or near shrubs and bushes near shallow water. Salamanders may also be found around seeps, which are areas where ground water slowly moves toward the surface. Keep an eye out for springs, seeps, and other boggy areas where these amphibians often make their home. Salamanders are carnivorous and eat a variety of insects and worms. In the wild, a salamander will eat crickets, worms, larvae, spiders, slugs—pretty much anything that it can easily swallow! If you know where to find their favorite meals, you may have a greater chance of spotting a salamander scurrying about.  Many of the insects in the salamander's diet can be found under logs, rocks, and branches, so you may spot a salamander lurking around these areas. Larger salamanders will often eat frogs and smaller salamanders, while aquatic salamanders will eat small fish, crayfish, and other small aquatic creatures. If you come across a pool of still moving water with lots of rocks and tree roots, take a closer look! Crayfish are often found there, so your chances of spotting a salamander are greater. Make plans to search for salamanders at night or when the weather is overcast and rainy. Salamanders are nocturnal and can usually be found at night; however, they may also venture out during daytime hours when it is cloudy or raining.

Summary: