Nevada Wild Fest. What exactly does that mean? Looks just like any other traveling carnival except this is one of those that charges you a 10 dollar admission just so you can walk around just to decide how much more money to spend on food and/or rides.  The concept is basically like Disneyland except on a much more smaller, more ghettoish type of scale. I know, ghettoish really isn't a word but you catch my drift.   Yes, I know there is a Groupon and Living Social deal for 5 bucks but that's besides the point. The fact that you have to pay just to get in only to be disappointed is what I consider time lost which equals money lost.  The rides they have are basic, nothing really stands out. Each ride takes a certain amount of tickets and of course you have to get just enough tickets just to ride 2 or 3. Really not worth it. Even with the all day ride pass.  As for the number 1 reason why most people go here is the food. First stop was the Dole Pineapple Whip booth. I got kind of excited because the only place that I knew had this was Disneyland where the Enchanted Tiki Room was. This place even had the words Tiki Treats in the upper left hand corner of their stand. What I found out was that it was a definite knockoff. Their largest size Float Whip was 5  bucks and my two kids easily devoured it in under 30 seconds meaning it wast that large at all. I tasted it and it was no where near what Disneyland serves.  Next stop. Soul Food Caf\u00e9 Express. My boys were feenin for Deep Fried Catfish with Fries and Dirty Rice as the sides. I ordered just one combo so they can share since we were gonna be eating other things. Cost 8 bucks. When we got our food, the two breaded filets were really good. As for the fries, they were soggy and was still dripping in grease. It seemed to only have been cooked halfway like they forgot about it after the fish was done so they through it in the fryer real quick only to pull it out prematurely. The Dirty Rice could have literally been dirty like it was dropped several times on the floor making its way to the skinny cardboard food holders they give you. It looked more like oatmeal sprinkled with seasonings. So basically we paid 8 bucks for two filets of breaded catfish.  Next stop. Wing King. Now these guys I am definitely familiar with. I got a Review Of The Day (ROTD) for their 6475 W Charleston location.  I got Fried Pickle Chips for 5 bucks and 10 Honey Barbeque Wings for 12 bucks. Both items I got my money's worth and just like their home location, it was very good.  Last Stop. Mama Ita's Roasted Corn. We came here to get Funnel Cakes. Damn, 7 bucks. At least you get strawberries, powdered sugar, and whipped cream on it. Probably the most expensive Funnel Cake I ever ate.  The worst thing I have to mention are the Port O Potties. Not only are they nasty, but according to my wife, none of them even had any toilet paper. Good luck if there is any soap or water left.   So if anybody asks me about "The Nevada Wild Fest" I will tell them only go if you have lots of money to spend and if you have absolutely nothing else better to do.
Is this review positive or negative?