Definition: You are given a paragraph, with numbered sentences, and a question. Write the numbers of the sentences needed to answer the given question. Separate multiple sentence numbers with a comma (", "). E.g. "1, 2" would be the correct response if Sent 1 and Sent 2 are needed to answer the given question (do not include sentences that contain no information that is necessary to answer the question). Sort the sentence numbers in an increasing order (i.e., '1, 2', instead of '2, 1'). Your answer should not contain anything than the sentence numbers separated by a comma (e.g. '1, 2, 3, 4'). The given question requires more than one sentence to answer. So, your answer must contain at least one comma (", ").
Input: Paragraph- Sent 1: During the transition, Bush had chosen John Ashcroft, a former senator from Missouri, as his attorney general.
Sent 2: On his arrival at the Justice Department, Ashcroft told us, he faced a number of problems spotlighting the need for reform at the FBI.
Sent 3: In February, Clarke briefed Attorney General Ashcroft on his directorate's issues.
Sent 4: He reported that at the time, the attorney general acknowledged a "steep learning curve," and asked about the progress of the Cole investigation.
Sent 5: Neither Ashcroft nor his predecessors received the President's Daily Brief.
Sent 6: His office did receive the daily intelligence report for senior officials that, during the spring and summer of 2001, was carrying much of the same threat information.
Sent 7: The FBI was struggling to build up its institutional capabilities to do more against terrorism, relying on a strategy called MAXCAP 05 that had been unveiled in the summer of 2000.
Sent 8: The FBI's assistant director for counterterrorism, Dale Watson, told us that he felt the new Justice Department leadership was not supportive of the strategy.
Sent 9: Watson had the sense that the Justice Department wanted the FBI to get back to the investigative basics: guns, drugs, and civil rights.
Sent 10: The new administration did seek an 8 percent increase in overall FBI funding in its initial budget proposal for fiscal year 2002, including the largest proposed percentage increase in the FBI's counterterrorism program since fiscal year 1997.
Sent 11: The additional funds included the FBI's support of the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah (a onetime increase), enhanced security at FBI facilities, and improvements to the FBI's WMD incident response capability.
Sent 12: In May, the Justice Department began shaping plans for building a budget for fiscal year 2003, the process that would usually culminate in an administration proposal at the beginning of 2002.
Sent 13: On May 9, the attorney general testified at a congressional hearing concerning federal efforts to combat terrorism.
Sent 14: He said that "one of the nation's most fundamental responsibilities is to protect its citizens from terrorist attacks."Sent 15: The budget guidance issued the next day, however, highlighted gun crimes, narcotics trafficking, and civil rights as priorities. 
Question: what daily brief did the attorney general not receive.
Output: