Germany captain Philipp Lahm claims his team can live with the pressure of the demands to become world champions for a fourth time. Despite Germany’s enormous potential, they have not won the World Cup since Lothar Matthaus led the team to glory in Italia 90. Germany have made no secret of their target to win the tournament with an outstanding group of players that includes Lahm, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Toni Kroos and Thomas Muller. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Germany play football tennis in training at the World Cup. Joker: Per Metresacker (right) carries on in training while Joachim Low (left) looks on at his squad. High spirits: Germany look relaxed ahead of their last-16 clash with Algeria on Monday. Backers: Germany are firm favourites to beat Algeria in the run to win their fourth World Cup in history. Ready: Andre Schurrle (right) and Mario Gotze (left) train ahead of the Algeria showdown. Instructions: Germany will try to 'play aggressively, as we did against the USA' to see off Algeria. Belief: Germany captain Philipp Lahm says his team can cope with the pressure to win the World Cup. How far? Germany have Lahm, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Toni Kroos and Thomas Muller at their disposal. They play Algeria in Porto Alegre in the second round on Monday evening and face a tricky run of matches to reach the final in Brazil. Lahm, who will win his 110th cap for his country, said: ‘Germany is a three-time World Cup winner and not many teams say that. ‘We have great potential, but we have to go one more round. Our target is to be successful. 'We have to play aggressively, as we did against the USA. We think we are the better team, but we have to prove it. ‘Matthaus was a fantastic player and great personality and done a lot for German football. He was the absolute leader in 1990 and led the team to the title in 1990. ‘We have to defend aggressively and show how classy we are. Ghana was more about heart but not so much about class. ‘The best thing for us is to have control for 90 minutes and then we have more self-esteem.’ Low, whose team could face France or Nigeria in the quarter-final, said: ‘This game is not in our heads. Focussed: Germany manager Low says they aren't looking as far the quarter-finals yet. Good point: Low says his team are 'focused and relaxed' ahead of their World Cup showdown. ‘If. you under-estimate the opponent it is wrong. We cannot look forward. until we find a solution against Algeria. ‘We go step by step and not. look at hypothetical situations. We are focused and relaxed. ‘We have the self-esteem to tackle the match and then we have the resources to win the match.’ Germany manager. Joachim Low also believes that south American teams are making life difficult at the tournament by defending their territory. The Germany coach added: ‘They are strong, they are at home on this continent and you can feel that. We have been able to cope with the conditions. ‘They will do whatever it takes to satisfy their fans and their countries.’ Plan: Low says that south American teams are making life difficult at the World Cup on their territory.

What are highlight points for this article?