Write some highlights for the following article:

Anthony Joshua is convinced he is ready to beat both Tyson Fury and Dereck Chisora, and has former world champion David Haye in his sights, too. Joshua, whose next test is against American Kevin Johnson on January 31, insisted he wants a significant step up. And after watching Fury dominate Chisora last weekend, he echoed his promoter Eddie Hearn’s calls for a high-profile domestic dust-up next year. Scroll down to watch Anthony Joshua square off with Kevin Johnson. Anthony Joshua (right) squares up to Kevin Johnson ahead of their heavyweight clash on January 31. Joshua will face the toughest test of his career against Johnson when they meet at the O2 in the new year. ‘I went to see Fury beat Chisora but there wasn’t much to see,’ Joshua said. ‘You can’t write off either but from an entertainment point it was poor. ‘But it’s done me good because the guys who went will say, “who’s next on the agenda?”. ‘I’m confident in my own ability that I could cause an upset and beat those guys. ‘But if I was to line them all up, David Haye is the one I would like to fight. He’s the best and when you fight the best it brings the best out in you. I need to step up, which is what we’re doing. I think we’re going to take some risky fights and I’m sure I’ll overcome them.’ Before that, however, Joshua must navigate a way past Johnson, who has never been stopped in his 36-fight career. He unsuccessfully challenged Vitali Klitschko for the world title in 2009 and has taken both Chisora and Fury the 12-round distance. Johnson took Vitali Klitschko the distance in their world title fight in 2009 and have never been stopped. But Joshua said: ‘Just because he’s never been stopped does not mean he’s a winner, it just means he goes in to survive. It should be a tough sparring session. If I can stop him, I’ve ticked a box and I move on. I’m confident I can. ‘I’ll train over Christmas; if I want to beat him I have to make the sacrifice. I don’t think he’ll train over Christmas or New Year. If I get the stoppage it’ll be because I’ve done the extra bits, if I don’t you know I’ll have been out raving!’ On a visit to London on Wednesday, Johnson challenged his younger opponent to a wager. He said: ‘I want to make an agreement. If Anthony knocks me out I’ll donate 50 per cent of my purse to one of his charities. And if he gets knocked out, he gives 50 per cent to my charity. Joshua is confident he would beat both Tyson Fury (left) and Dereck Chisora next year. Joshua also wants to fight David Haye (right) who has been out of action since beating Chisora in 2012. ‘There’s going to be a knockout so let’s up the ante.’ But Joshua said: ‘I do my charity work but I’ve got a professional job to do. I’ve seen boxers throw cash about but I want to leave that to one side.’ Before he returns to his gym in London, however, Joshua will spend 10 days in Cuba. He said: ‘I’m taking my gumshield to see if I can get some sparring. What an experience that would be. ‘I’ll start ticking over for this fight, get some sun on my back and some runs on the beach. Then I’ll come back feeling refreshed.’