c. Samuel decided to talk to Lawrence about it.

One sunny weekend morning, Samuel woke up rubbing his eyes, still feeling groggy from the previous late night. He had always been a person who treasured his sleep. Sleeping in late was his way of enjoying weekends - a luxurious escape from the busy work week. Yet, even sleep was gradually becoming a luxury for him as Lawrence, his new roommate, had quite a different routine.

Lawrence was an early riser. He believed that the morning hours contained a certain magic, and it was the time when he felt the most productive. Hence, he had grown accustomed to starting his day with enthusiasm and energy. The sound of his morning workout routine, the clanking of dishes, and the hum of the coffee machine filled the apartment with noise.

Samuel had tried using earplugs and even tried a white noise machine, but to no avail. The moment Lawrence started moving around in the adjacent room, Samuel's dreams would evaporate, and he would be forced to emerge from the warm cocoon of his bed.

Though a little groggy and irritated, Samuel realized that he had to approach the situation with a level-head. He was aware that Lawrence was not making noise on purpose and probably didn't even know how much it disrupted his sleep. It was time for Samuel to initiate an open conversation to find a solution that would suit both their needs.

After freshening up, Samuel walked out of the room and found Lawrence in the living room, sipping his green tea and reading a book.

"Hey, Lawrence," Samuel said casually, hoping not to create an awkward atmosphere. "Can we chat about something?"

"Sure," Lawrence replied, putting down his book and sitting up straight, a welcoming smile on his face.

Samuel cleared his throat, easing into the conversation. "Don't get me wrong; I love living with you. It's just that lately, I've not been able to sleep in till late on weekends. I know you're an early bird, and I totally respect that. However, is it possible for you to tone down the noise levels and be a little conscious about it on weekends?"

Lawrence's expression softened as he realized that his morning noises had been unintentionally disturbing his roommate. "Oh, I'm sorry, Samuel. You're right – I'm an early riser, but I didn't realize it affected you this much. Of course, I'll make an effort to keep the noise down on weekends."

Samuel felt relieved and appreciated Lawrence's understanding response. "Thanks, man. It means a lot. I don't want you to stop being yourself; it's just that weekends are kind of my only chance to catch up on sleep."

"No problem, buddy," said Lawrence, patting Samuel on the shoulder. "I'll be more mindful, and we'll strike a balance between our routines."

This encounter led to an improvement in their living situation as Lawrence made a conscious effort to be quieter during the weekend mornings. Samuel, in turn, also tried waking up earlier from time to time to enjoy the morning magic with his roommate. Consequently, their bond as roommates grew stronger, and they both learned the value of open communication and mutual understanding in navigating cohabiting spaces.