Ques & Ans: The most recent recorded volcanic eruption was between 1820 and 1854, but many eyewitnesses reported eruptive activity in 1858, 1870, 1879, 1882 and 1894 as well.

Based on this passage, when is the last time mount rainier erupted?
between 1820 and 1854
Stream of consciousness: The relevant sentence in the passage is: The most recent recorded volcanic eruption was between 1820 and 1854, but many eyewitnesses reported eruptive activity in 1858, 1870, 1879, 1882 and 1894 as well.

Ques & Ans: The Office is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from March 24, 2005, to May 16, 2013, lasting nine seasons. It is an adaptation of the original BBC series of the same name and was adapted for American television by Greg Daniels, a veteran writer for Saturday Night Live, King of the Hill, and The Simpsons. It was co-produced by Daniels's Deedle-Dee Productions, and Reveille Productions (later Shine America), in association with Universal Television. The original executive producers were Greg Daniels, Howard Klein, Ben Silverman, Ricky Gervais, and Stephen Merchant, with numerous others being promoted in later seasons.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did the american version of the office first air?
March 24 , 2005
Stream of consciousness: This is the relevant information: The Office is an American television sitcom that aired on NBC from March 24, 2005, to May 16, 2013, lasting nine seasons.

Ques & Ans: The frontal branch passes through the orbit superiorly, then reenters the frontal bone briefly before exiting above the orbit through the superior orbital fissure and the supraorbital notch to provide sensory innervation for the skin of the forehead and scalp. The lacrimal nerve passes through the orbit superiorly to innervate the lacrimal gland. The nasociliary branch gives off several sensory branches to the orbit and then continues out through the anterior ethmoidal foramen, where it enters the nasal cavity and provides innervation for much of the anterior nasal mucosa. It also gives off a branch which exits through the nasal bones to form the external nasal branch.

Based on this passage, where does the ophthalmic nerve exit the skull?
the orbit through the superior orbital fissure and the supraorbital notch
Stream of consciousness: The relevant sentence in the passage is: The frontal branch passes through the orbit superiorly, then reenters the frontal bone briefly before exiting above the orbit through the superior orbital fissure and the supraorbital notch to provide sensory innervation for the skin of the forehead and scalp.

Ques & Ans: Nicholas Bakay (/ bəˈkeɪ / bə-KAY; born October 8, 1959) is an American actor, voice actor, writer, comedian and sportscaster. He is known as the voice of Salem Saberhagen on ABC / The WB's Sabrina the Teenage Witch and Sabrina: The Animated Series, and Norbert Beaver on The Angry Beavers. He played Karl on the Fox series' Til Death as well as serving as a producer of the show until it was cancelled by Fox.

Answer this question based on the passage: who played the voice of salem the cat?
Nicholas Bakay
Stream of consciousness: