Andy and Jamie Murray could team up in their own backyard to form a highly-charged doubles partnership for Great Britain against the USA in next week's Davis Cup first round in Glasgow. The less celebrated Murray sibling was recalled to the GB side for the first time since 2011 when the squad was announced on Tuesday morning for the prestigious fixture starting a week on Friday at the Emirates Arena. There is every likelihood that he and his brother will be thrown into the doubles to tackle the world number one twins Bob and Mike Bryan, although Captain Leon Smith has also included GB doubles number two Dom Inglot as another option. Andy Murray is set to play in all three of Great Britain's Davis Cup matches against USA next month. Murray could be partnered in the doubles alongside his brother Jamie for the clash at the Glasgow Arena. Jamie Murray has earned his place having reviving his career in the last two years after it had slipped into the doldrums. He is now ranked the world's 31st doubles player following victory in the ATP Brisbane Open and reaching the final in Rotterdam earlier this month with Australian foil John Peers. The presence of him and Andy in the team promises to make it an emotional three days, as this will be the first time they have played in Scotland since his younger brother won the Wimbledon title. The world number three is likely to have to take on the responsibility of playing three days in a row, although that could depend on the outcome of the first two singles matches. This will be the first tie in the elite World Group knockout held in the UK since 2002, with the winners going through to face either France or Germany in the last eight. The doubles could decide the tie unless James Ward can produce one of his outstanding Davis Cup performances and upset one of the higher ranked Americans as second singles player. Yorkshire youngster Kyle Edmund will be the travelling reserve. Jamie Murray (right) has been recalled to the GB side for the first time since 2011 after an upturn in form. 'From a selection point of view we've been able to choose our strongest possible team which is spearheaded by Andy Murray who is significantly ahead of where he was 12 months ago,' said Smith. 'The tie will be a huge deal for him personally as he returns to play in Scotland for the first time since winning Wimbledon in 2013. In James Ward we have somebody who has already proven himself against the US Davis Cup team, and I'd back him again to put in another excellent performance after some consistent recent form has seen him on the verge of cracking the top 100 for the first time. 'I've selected our top two doubles players in Jamie and Dom, and again they've showed real consistency this year to earn their place in the team. As a group, all the guys deserve this opportunity.' The American team, captained by Jim Courier, is expected to be made up of world No 20 John Isner, No 44 Steve Johnson and the world champion Bryan brothers. Great Britain captain Leon Smith will be hoping James Ward (right) can repeat his Davis Cup heroics vs USA.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: