Given a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation, generate a suitable title that describes the main event/root cause of the situation. Imagine that the given text is a social media post, and you have to write the title of the post, so the users can decide to read the main text or not.
Q: Some context here: I'm Indian, but have grown up abroad my whole life, including in London. As such, I don't have the accent, but still connect deeply to my culture; Hindi is my first language, and I visit Delhi to see my family every year. I grew up pretty well-off, but both of my parents grew up in abject poverty, and raised me humbly. The school I went to was filled with rich kids, who would often not realize the privileged position they were in. Casual conversation at my school was often about which holiday home in the Mediterranean they were visiting this spring, and I generally felt pretty out of place. 

Many of my friends are British, and often fiercely patriotic. They have a tendency to make jokes that make me feel uncomfortable, such as attending a fancy dress party dressed as "the Sun setting on the British Empire", and saying things such as "you're only allowed to be proud of where you're from if you're from Britain", among countless other examples. Whenever I previously expressed discomfort, they would often play it off as them trying to be "edgy" or "ironic". One comment that made me particularly outraged was when one of them got into a fight with one of our mutual friends, who is Japanese, and blurted out "President Truman didn't do enough; he should have dropped three bombs" (or something to that effect) (I went absolutely ballistic at her for that one. Haven't had a conversation with her since, don't intend to).

For a while, I kept mute. I'm generally not outgoing, and have found a group of friends who I generally enjoyed hanging out with, aside from in instances like this. I am afraid of jeopardizing that. Recently however, particularly after the New Zealand attacks, I've been calling them out. In one heated exchange, I told a friend that her "jokes" were what normalized white supremacy. I'm certain that the comments they make don't come from genuine malicious intent, but I feel as though I'm drifting from my group of friends because I don't find them funny. I feel as though that sort of normalization is what often leads me to feel ashamed of my own skin color and my heritage. 

My family, particularly my grandparents, had a poor relationship with the British. My grandfather lost three of his siblings when he was forced to leave his home during the partition. I understand that I was not a direct victim of colonization, and I also understand that my friends who make these jokes are not the direct perpetrators. Nonetheless, I feel uncomfortable and offended when jokes are made about colonization. Mostly, I'm worried that I'm being too easily offended here, and making a big deal out of some light-hearted banter. 

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: My friends are making jokes about colonization that I've recently become more uncomfortable about. Am I the asshole for being offended, given my heritage?
A: