Article: requently. You should also keep your living area clean and tidy by picking up dirty clothing on the floor and making sure it ends up in the laundry bin. Then, make it a habit to do your laundry frequently, preferably on a weekly basis. This will ensure you have clean clothes available every day and that your living area is not cluttered with dirty clothing.  You should also make a point of washing your bed sheets and your bath towels once a week to ensure they stay clean and free of germs. You should also wash any blankets, rugs, or cleaning rags once a week so they stay fresh and dust free. You may designate one day of the week “laundry day”, such as Sunday, so you always do laundry once a week. . Whether you live in a house, an apartment, or you have a room at your parent’s place, you should make an effort to keep your area clean. This means doing daily cleaning like dusting, sweeping, and mopping the floors so they do not collect dust or dirt. You should also pick up after yourself and put any items you have been using away so they do not create clutter.  You may decide to organize your area if it has become too messy and cluttered. Having a space that is organized will make it easier to keep it clean and tidy. When you are cleaning your area, you should use effective cleaning products. Make sure you use cleaning products to wipe down surfaces and to mop the floors. You should also use carpet cleaning products to clean any rugs or carpet in your area. You can also stay organized and on top of your household chores by making a schedule and sticking to the schedule. A schedule for chores may be ideal if there are multiple people living in your household, such as roommates or siblings. You should assign different chores to each person or rotate chores so they get done.  For example, you may have chores like “cleaning the kitchen”, “taking out the garbage and the recycling”, “cleaning the bathroom”, and “sweeping the porch.” You should then agree to rotate the chores with the people in your home or assign each chore to one person. Try to hold yourself and others accountable for getting the chores done. Working together to do the chores as a team will make them much easier to tackle than having to do them on your own. You should also schedule in “deep cleans” of your home or living area. Doing a deep clean once a month will ensure your home stays clean and prevents the build up of dust and dirt.  Start by decluttering any areas in your home. You should also start high and move your way down, focusing on cleaning your ceilings, your walls, and your baseboards. You may also vacuum your home from top to bottom and wash the windows inside and out to remove dust and dirt. You can also clean any blinds, drapes, or curtains with the brush attachment on the vacuum. You should also dust all surfaces in your home. Move any items on shelves or ledges and make sure you dust the entire surface. Sweep and mop the floors if you have hardwood, focusing on all the crevices and cracks in the floor. You should use a professional carpet cleaner for carpeted floors.
What is a summary of what this article is about?