Information:  - Yael Yuzon (born November 22, 1983) is a Filipino musician, best known as the vocalist and guitarist of the band Sponge Cola.  - A drum kitalso called a drum set, trap set, or simply drumsis a collection of drums and other percussion instruments, typically cymbals, which are set up on stands to be played by a single player with drumsticks held in both hands and the feet operating pedals that control the hi-hat cymbal and the beater for the bass drum. A drum kit consists of a mix of drums (categorized classically as membranophones, Hornbostel-Sachs high-level classification 2) and idiophones most significantly cymbals but also including the woodblock and cowbell (classified as Hornbostel-Sachs high-level classification 1). In the 2000s, some kits also include electronic instruments (Hornbostel-Sachs classification 53) and both hybrid and entirely electronic kits are used. A standard modern kit (for a right-handed player), as used in popular music and taught in music schools, contains:  - Chris Cantada is a Filipino musician best known as the former drummer and backing vocalist of the band Sponge Cola . He was featured in the music video of Sponge Cola 's `` Tambay '' in a cameo guest appearance per post band departure . Cantada recently released his solo album Heartbeat with the carrier single of the same name . The music video for `` Heartbeat '' shows Cantada played all musical instruments for the song .  - Sponge Cola (sometimes spelled Spongecola) is a Filipino rock band formed in 1998. The band is composed of Yael Yuzon on vocals, Gosh Dilay on bass, Erwin Armovit on guitars and drummer Tmac Cruz.   - A drummer is a musician who plays drums, which includes a drum kit ("drum set" or "trap set", including cymbals) and accessory-based hardware which includes an assortment of pedals and standing support mechanisms, marching percussion or any musical instrument that is struck within the context of a wide assortment of musical genres. The term percussionist applies to a musician who performs struck musical instruments of numerous diverse shapes, sizes and applications. Most contemporary western ensembles bands for rock, pop, jazz, R&B etc. include a drummer for purposes including timekeeping and embellishing the musical timbre. Most drummers of this particular designation work within the context of a larger contingent (a.k.a. rhythm section) that may also include, keyboard (a percussion instrument) or guitar, auxiliary percussion (often of non western origin) and bass (bass viol or electric). Said ensembles may also include melodic based mallet percussion including: vibraphone, marimba or xylophone. The rhythm section, being the core metronomic foundation with which other melodic instruments, including voices, may present the harmonic/melodic portion of the material.  - Reynaldo "Gosh" R. Dilay (born February 6, 1985) is a Filipino musician best known as the bassist, backing vocalist and the primary composer & lyricist of the band Sponge Cola.    'chris cantada' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'date of birth'?  Choices: - 1983  - 1985  - 1998  - 2  - 22  - 6
A: