News article: Eleanor Roosevelt

the country to ever have a children's library. It was very unusual but very important to have books and materials for children. Eleanor Roosevelt came to visit to mark the occasion so it's just another way to impress upon people how important our library is.

does it say about me that those were my first two thoughts (prior to reading the comments or the list) Jackie Kennedy? Eleanor Roosevelt? Maybe Nancy Pelosi but probably too recent. Mr. Isis's first guess was Linda Lovelace. I am disapointed they left out

with the virtues of good living. We have shining examples of lives well lived -- Mother Teresa, Nelson Mandela, Gandhi, Eleanor Roosevelt, and many more. It is not easy to live as they did. But if we manage to improve our lives in the smallest possible way,

covered the video shoot for a Life magazine story. Lensman Leo Fuchs started at an early age. He sold his first photo — of Eleanor Roosevelt — as a young teen for $5. Later, as a magazine photographer, he was one of the few outsiders to get access to film

his rise is all the more remarkable considering the era's pronounced anti-Semitism. "An interesting little man but very Jew," Eleanor Roosevelt tells her mother-in-law. Robert Houghwout Jackson encounters Roosevelt as a freshly elected New York state senator

10/21/2010 04:45 PM By Chuck Raasch

President and first lady's partnership cannot be overlooked as political asset and public salve.

Good morning from The Oval. This day in 1884 saw the birth of the woman who would transform the role of first lady, Eleanor Roosevelt.

08/05/2010 03:20 PM By Joel P. Engardio

A 1943 Supreme Court ruling gave Judge Vaughn Walker a critical precedent needed to protect minority rights this time, for same-sex couples.

A handwritten letter from fascist Italian dictator Benito Mussolini congratulating President Franklin D. Roosevelt on his inauguration, and a note from a woman who had a brief affair with Roosevelt were shown to the public for the first time Wednesday at the National Archives.

The cable news pioneer is calling it quits after 25 years.

Civil rights pioneer Dorothy Height, the president of the National Council of Negro Women for more than 40 years and a pivotal figure during the civil rights era of the 1960s, died Tuesday at the age of 98.

March is Women's History Month, and Heather Huyck, a public historian, shares her favorite locations.

Thousands of teachers, classmates and neighbors filled a high school stadium Saturday to honor a 17-year-old girl whose body was discovered in a shallow, lakeside grave as her parents vowed to dedicate themselves to protecting children from sex predators.

Every year the folks at Neiman Marcus put out their Christmas Book, which lists a number of fantasy gifts that none of us can afford to buy.

The last great archives of Franklin D. Roosevelt's presidency may soon be available to researchers and the public 14 boxes of handwritten notes, gifts and correspondence, including a letter from Italian dictator Benito Mussolini congratulating him on his 1933 inauguration.
What are the most important parts of this news article?