Article: Fold the paper in half diagonally, making sure to be crisp and accurate and crease along the fold.  Fold the top edge down to the center so that the edge rests along the line from the previous fold. Do the same with the bottom edge so that both edges of the paper meet in the center. Then open the sheet of paper again. The paper should now have one line going diagonally across and three horizontal lines dividing the paper into quarters. Fold them to the line from the last step, the horizontal line closest to the top. The corners will make a right triangle when properly folded; the bottom of that triangle should sit on the horizontal line, and the diagonal line from the first step should cut the triangle exactly in half. Repeat the same motion as above: bring the top corner of the paper down to the horizontal line, and fold it so that it forms a triangle whose base sits on that line. However, this time you will have an obtuse rather than a right triangle. The base of this triangle should be the same crease that was the hypotenuse of the right triangle, above. After this step, the overall shape of the paper should be a rectangle half the size of the original square. However, there should be triangular holes from where the corners were folded over. This time, use one of the other corners - if you folded in the top right and bottom left corners in the previous steps, this time use the bottom right corner. Bring the corner to the top center of the rectangle, forming a right triangle as tall as the rectangle. Pick the corner opposite the one you just folded - the only corner that has not yet been folded - and mirror the last step with this corner, bringing it to the bottom center of the rectangle. The fold should form another right triangle adjacent to the one from the previous step. Unfold the two triangles you just folded. Using the bottom right corner again (the one you just unfolded), refold the exact same fold, but this time, rather than folding it on top of the flap of paper from the double-folded corner, slide it underneath. Refold and the top left corner to the center, but this time tuck it under the flap from the double-folded, bottom left corner. Your paper should now be in the shape of a parallelogram, with each corner folded into another so that the whole piece holds together. The back should be smooth (no papers tucked in anywhere) and should have two lines cutting it in half, one horizontal and one diagonal (parallel to the sides). The bottom right should be one of the "pointy" corners (an acute angle). Fold it to the top right corner, so that the tip meets the angle of the top right corner (an obtuse angle). Essentially, you're folding the vertical side in half, but since it's a parallelogram, not a rectangle, it looks like you're folding in a corner. The bottom of the triangle created by the fold should sit at a right angle to the vertical sides of the parallelogram. Fold the top left hand corner to the bottom center. The paper should now be a perfect square. Unfold the last two folds you made so that the sides stick straight out from the square base, rather than laying flat atop it. Each of these will form one side of the cube, with the two triangles sticking off at right angles serving to connect each side to the rest. You started with six squares of paper, so you should have six folded squares in total. Different color paper was use in this example to clarify the visual instructions. Multiple colors of paper are not required.
What is a summary of what this article is about?