Problem:Danai Jekesai Gurira (born February 14, 1978) is an American actress and playwright, best known for her role as Michonne on The Walking Dead, an AMC television horror drama series, as the writer of the play Eclipsed, and as Okoye in the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise (beginning with Black Panther, and later reprising her role in Avengers: Infinity War).

Based on this passage, who is the actress that plays michonne on the walking dead?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: Danai Jekesai Gurira (born February 14, 1978) is an American actress and playwright, best known for her role as Michonne on The Walking Dead, an AMC television horror drama series, as the writer of the play Eclipsed, and as Okoye in the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise (beginning with Black Panther, and later reprising her role in Avengers: Infinity War).
Danai Jekesai Gurira.

Student A:India Eisley is an American actress. She is known for her role as Ashley Juergens in the ABC Family television series The Secret Life of the American Teenager, and her roles as Eve in 2012 film Underworld: Awakening, Sawa in the 2014 film Kite, and Audrina in the 2016 television film My Sweet Audrina.

Answer this question based on the passage: who plays ashley in secret life of the american teenager?
Student B:OK... The important part for answering this question is: She is known for her role as Ashley Juergens in the ABC Family television series The Secret Life of the American Teenager, and her roles as Eve in 2012 film Underworld: Awakening, Sawa in the 2014 film Kite, and Audrina in the 2016 television film My Sweet Audrina.
India Eisley.

Problem:"Things Ai n't What They Used to Be" is a 1942 jazz standard with music by Mercer Ellington and lyrics by Ted Persons.

Answer this question based on the passage: who wrote things ain't what they used to be?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: "Things Ai n't What They Used to Be" is a 1942 jazz standard with music by Mercer Ellington and lyrics by Ted Persons.
music by Mercer Ellington and lyrics by Ted Persons.

Student A:The waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips. On people with slim bodies, the waist is the narrowest part of the torso.

Based on this passage, where is the waist located on a woman?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips.
between the rib cage and hips.

Problem:Team New Zealand became a household name in their home country following their consecutive wins in the America's Cup in 1995 and 2000, under the leadership of Sir Peter Blake, when becoming the first team from a country outside the United States to win and successfully defend the America's Cup. In 2017, skippered by Glenn Ashby, they went on to retake the America's Cup.

Who led the successful america's cup campaign in 1995?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Team New Zealand became a household name in their home country following their consecutive wins in the America's Cup in 1995 and 2000, under the leadership of Sir Peter Blake, when becoming the first team from a country outside the United States to win and successfully defend the America's Cup.
Sir Peter Blake.

Problem:The program is taped at the Ed Sullivan Theater in New York City and airs live to tape in most U.S. markets at 11: 35 p.m. Eastern and Pacific, and 10: 35 in the Central.

When does late show with stephen colbert air?
Solution: