On the eve of his rematch with Cro Cop, Gonzaga looks back at their shocking first meeting
Updated APR 08, 2015 10:14p ET

Those of us watching that fight from April 2007 are not likely to ever forget it.

Pride star and tournament winner Mirko "Cro Cop" Filipovic had come to the UFC and was just one fight away from getting a heavyweight title shot against then-champion Randy Couture.

All that stood in the way of a big-money world championship fight for the fearsome kickboxer was a main event fight at UFC 70 in Manchester against Brazilian Jiu Jitsu specialist Gabriel Gonzaga. Gonzaga took the fight to his world early and dragged Cro Cop to the ground and battered him there until the referee unfairly stood them up with little time left in the first round.

Now, we all thought, the striker would have another crack at Gonzaga. Instead, the Brazilian grappler went high with a head kick, knocked Cro Cop out, cold, and earned the title shot for himself.

Obviously, earning a world title shot with a surprise knockout would be huge for anyone. Speaking with us days before he's set to rematch Filipovic this Saturday in Krakow, Gonzaga tells FOX Sports that the win helped him in even more profound ways.

"That was a really important moment in my life," Gonzaga said.

"I was trying to make my career as a pro fighter. I had just moved to the United States and was building my life to be a pro fighter. We opened a school and were trying to make a living. That win was real important in getting my name out there and helping us make a life for ourselves in the US."

Remembering the moments of the dramatic fight eight years ago, Gonzaga says that he wasn't surprised by the stand-up, which conventional wisdom held would favor his opponent greatly.

"I expected that would happen, especially because back then people didn't understand the ground game that much," he said.

"They stood us up with 30 seconds left in the round. I knew it was to make the TV show. They thought they needed to put some action back and they didn't know too much about the ground game back then."

Though "Napao," as Gonzaga is known, tells us that he'd been training his head kicks for some time by then, he admits that he was as shocked as anyone that the one he threw landed and stopped Cro Cop.

"Yes, I thought I was going to hit his arm. I thought I could hurt his arm for the next round when he tried to block it," he recalled. "Back then, I had thrown high kicks before, but they didn't connect. They were a part of my game, already, but not with big power."

After losing his last two fights, the 35-year-old says he is taking his career fight-by-fight. He also doesn't mind facing someone he's already beaten before in the returning Croatian.

"No, fighting is what I do, so I need to be ready for any fight," he said. "It's a normal fight for my career.

"I'm taking things fight-by-fight now. I've been doing it for over ten years."

That said, Gonzaga is still shooting for the top as long as he's still in the game.

"I will try to stay at the top of the heavyweight division, where I've been for the past 10 years," he said.

Staying at the top begins anew with the Cro Cop rematch this weekend in the main event of the UFC Fight Pass card. Gonzaga is confident that he can repeat that huge moment in his career, from so many years ago, for the same reasons he always believes in himself.

"I try to be a complete fighter," he said. "I try to be comfortable wherever we fight, so I think this will make the difference for me."
What was this article about?