Problem:The film was shot at Lee International Studios in Wembley, London, and on location in Majorca, Spain.

Answer this question: where was evil under the sun with peter ustinov filmed?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: The film was shot at Lee International Studios in Wembley, London, and on location in Majorca, Spain.
Lee International Studios in Wembley , London , and on location in Majorca , Spain.

Student A:Hispaniola is the second-largest island in the Caribbean (after Cuba), with an area of 76,192 square kilometers (29,418 sq mi), 48,440 square kilometers (18,700 sq mi) of which is under the sovereignty of the Dominican Republic occupying the eastern portion and 27,750 square kilometers (10,710 sq mi) under the sovereignty of Haiti occupying the western portion.

Based on this passage, what is the name of the island of haiti and dominican republic?
Student B:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: Hispaniola is the second-largest island in the Caribbean (after Cuba), with an area of 76,192 square kilometers (29,418 sq mi), 48,440 square kilometers (18,700 sq mi) of which is under the sovereignty of the Dominican Republic occupying the eastern portion and 27,750 square kilometers (10,710 sq mi) under the sovereignty of Haiti occupying the western portion.
Hispaniola.

Problem:Passage: Rochon made her film debut in 1985, when she starred opposite Fred Williamson in Fox Trap. In 1987, she played the role of Debby in the film The Wild Pair, starring Beau Bridges and Bubba Smith. In 1989, Rochon acted opposite Eddie Murphy in 1989's Harlem Nights, as the memorable "Sunshine" character. She again worked with Murphy in the successful 1992 romantic comedy, Boomerang. In 1995, she was regular cast member during the first season of The WB sitcom, The Wayans Bros.

Question: Based on this passage, who played sunshine in the movie harlem nights?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: In 1989, Rochon acted opposite Eddie Murphy in 1989's Harlem Nights, as the memorable "Sunshine" character.
Rochon.

Student A:Context: "What Was I Thinkin"' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Dierks Bentley. It was released in April 2003 as the first single from his self-titled debut album. The song became his first number one hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in September 2003.

Question: who sings the song what was i thinking?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: "What Was I Thinkin"' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Dierks Bentley.
American country music artist Dierks Bentley.

Problem:Passage: Darwin (/ ˈdɑːrwɪn / ( listen) DAR-win ) is the capital city of the Northern Territory of Australia. Situated on the Timor Sea, Darwin is the largest city in the sparsely populated Northern Territory, with a population of 142,300. It is the smallest and most northerly of the Australian capital cities, and acts as the Top End's regional centre.

Question: Based on this passage, what is the capital city of the northern territory?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: Darwin (/ ˈdɑːrwɪn / ( listen) DAR-win ) is the capital city of the Northern Territory of Australia.
Darwin.

Problem:The Punisher premiered in New York City on November 6, 2017, with the full season of thirteen episodes released on November 17 on Netflix. In December 2017, the series was renewed for a second season.

Answer this question based on the passage: what's the release date for the punisher on netflix?
Solution: