Quick Question: The level of centralization in decision-making in planning depends on the specific type of planning mechanism employed. As such, one can distinguish between centralized planning and decentralized planning. An economy primarily based on central planning is referred to as a planned economy. In a centrally planned economy the allocation of resources is determined by a comprehensive plan of production which specifies output requirements. Planning may also take the form of directive planning or indicative planning.

Answer this question: a centrally planned economy most often refers to an economic system that is under comprehensive?
My answer: The relevant information is: In a centrally planned economy the allocation of resources is determined by a comprehensive plan of production which specifies output requirements. The answer is plan of production which specifies output requirements.

Quick Question: Martin Van Buren (born Maarten van Buren; December 5, 1782 -- July 24, 1862) was an American statesman who served as the eighth President of the United States from 1837 to 1841. A founder of the Democratic Party, he held a number of senior positions in the U.S. Federal Government, including eighth Vice President (1833 -- 1837) and tenth Secretary of State (1829 -- 1831), both under Andrew Jackson. Van Buren won the presidency by promising to continue Jackson's policies. The Panic of 1837 which struck the nation combined with the growing political strength of the opposition Whig Party led to his defeat when he ran for reelection. During his half-century of public service, he built and perfected a new system of political parties at first the state and then the federal level; at the end of his life, he was seen as a major figure of the abolitionist movement defending Abraham Lincoln's policies during the American Civil War. Van Buren was the first President of the United States to be born a United States citizen. Of Dutch descent, he is the only U.S. President who spoke English as a second language.

Who was the first president born a citizen of the united states?
My answer: To answer this question, we should know that: Van Buren was the first President of the United States to be born a United States citizen. The answer is Martin Van Buren.

Quick Question: Passage: American R&B singer INOJ recorded the song in 1998. Her version peaked at number six on Billboard Hot 100 Charts in the U.S. The music video of this version first aired on BET and The Box. Novaspace: The German Eurodance project covered the song on their album Novaspace (2002). It reached number 6 in Germany, number 7 in Austria and # 15 in Australia. American alternative rock / pop punk band Quietdrive covered the song for their debut album When All That's Left Is You in 2006. The cover version was featured in the 2006 romantic comedy film John Tucker Must Die starring Jesse Metcalfe and Brittany Snow. The cover is their only charting song, hitting number 25 on the American Top 40 Countdown. The cover was certified gold by the RIAA. In April 2011, on the premiere of the American version of the reality competition television series The Voice, Javier Colon performed an acoustic version of the song during the "blind audition" phase. The studio recording of his cover peaked at number 65 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart, number 41 on the Digital Songs chart, number 16 on the R&B / Hip-Hop Digital Songs chart, and number 4 on the Top Heatseekers chart.

Question: Based on this passage, time after time song was in what movie?
My answer: