How ‘Clueless’ changed my life
I honestly don’t remember the first time I saw “Clueless,” but I know it wasn’t in a theater in 1995, when I was 6 and the PG-13 film, which turns 20 this week, became that summer’s runaway hit.

What I can tell you is that I’ve watched it around a bazillion times since then — on VHS, DVD, Netflix — and to it I owe an infant love of fashion that blossomed into a grown-up career.

Before “Clueless,” clothes were just things my mom bought to help me not be naked. I had no concept of “fashion” — that is, the system and language of clothing — until Cher Horowitz & Co. showed me the way.

One of the most important lessons I learned is in the first two minutes of the film: the famous virtual closet scene. As decadent as Cher’s touch-screen proto-app seemed when I was the 10-year-old owner of maybe five T-shirts, at some point I realized the sequence isn’t as much about the excesses of a Beverly Hills rich girl as it is about giving a damn when getting dressed. The yellow tartan ensemble she ends up choosing reflects effort, an eye for coordination and an attention to detail. Her method is preternatural power-suiting, but the message is simpler: Take pride in your everyday appearance.

That unspoken motto shows up in the central narrative as Cher and Dionne’s earnest effort to glamorize the new kid, Tai. “Cher’s main thrill in life is a makeover,” Dee says — and in one jaunty montage we see a grungy misfit turned into a candidate for Most Popular Girl in School.

Of course, popularity is hardly the point. From her makeover Tai gains confidence, and I grasped the reality of personal branding. “Clothes don’t make the man”? As if! With the right aesthetic and attitude, you can be anyone you want to be. (Just ask Madonna, Caitlyn Jenner or Marky — err — Mark Wahlberg.)

Then there are the designer brands. Via “Clueless” I came to understand labels, and that the names attached to the stuff you put on are of actual people, and they use clothes to communicate ideas. Cher’s white date-night slip, for instance, is Calvin Klein minimalism — and sex-tinged controversy — at its best. That her father, Mel, questions its legitimacy as a dress only furthers the fact.

Oh, and Alaïa? Cher was right: the Tunisian-born couturier is way important — and, given his price points, perhaps worth taking a gunshot for.

On a surface level, the relationship I have with this female-centric comedy is not exactly the one relished by some of my (real and metaphoric) sisters. I’ve always found shopping a bit tedious, and as a socialized cis boy growing up in the suburbs, there was never a potent drive to wear — at least outside my head — the plaid skirts, sheer shirts, knee-high socks and mini backpacks the film made into trendy must-haves.

Thankfully, there was Christian, Cher’s crush, the Cake Boy with timeless style that took a back seat. As a gay man who was closeted until the age of 17, it’s impossible to fully articulate my appreciation for his role — a homosexual teen free of identity struggle, who unabashedly dressed better than the prettiest girls and who was accepted by all of his peers. The voluminous pleated pants and tucked-in tees I champion now are no doubt a subconscious ode to the would-be James Jean.

“He always wants things to be beautiful and interesting,” Cher says of her friend in a series of sweet epiphanies at the end. This is why, two decades later, “Clueless” still resonates: I don’t care what anyone says — she was talking about me.
What is a short summary of the above article?