Summarize this article in one sentence.
When you're new to writing ads, it can help to break down other ads and figure out where they went wrong. Find a few bad ads - you'll know they're bad because your first impulse will be to skim right over them - and try to figure out what makes them so ineffective. Is it the headline? The bridge? The tone?  Once you've pinpointed what makes the ad bad, think about how you could make it better. Rewrite the ad to make it more effective. Take a look at effective ads, too, and try to determine what makes them great. When you write your own ad, try to make it sound as natural as you can. Write it as though you're saying it to someone else. People are drawn to natural writing - it speaks to them in a way that overly formal, stilted writing just doesn't.  Don't be too stiff - you want your audience to feel accepted and understood. Don't be too friendly, either - you could come off sounding fake. No matter where your ad is published, you should keep it short and sweet. People don't have time to read an ad that requires more than about 30 seconds of their attention - or less. They're encountering your ad on their way to doing something else, like reading an article or getting off the train or bus they're riding. Your ad should be interesting enough to make a big impression using very few words.  Use short sentences instead of long ones. Longer sentences are difficult to take in in a short period of time. Play with your copy so that you say what you want to say in as few words as possible. It's not necessary to use complete sentences, as long as your message gets across clearly. These days, people want to read reviews and testimonials before buying a product. They aren't usually content to try it out until they're reasonably sure that it has worked for other people. Incorporating a testimonial or two into your ad could be a great way to build trust with your audience right off the bat.  Choose a quote from a well-respected customer, if possible. For example, if you're selling a health product, use a quote from a doctor or another health professional. If you're short on space, you can always put testimonials on your website instead of using them in your ad. If you have the opportunity to use an image or video in your advertisement, think carefully about your ad's composition. Having an image will allow you to use fewer words - you won't necessarily need to describe your product's features or state what it does. Instead, Juxtapose the picture or video with an intriguing headline or tagline and your company's URL. Once you have your ad written, record yourself reading it or saying it to someone. Play it back to yourself. Does it sound conversational? Is it compelling? If someone said it to you, would your interest be piqued? Reading it out loud is a good way to spot deficiencies that could cause your ad to fall flat. Go ahead and publish it in a few places to see what kind of reception it gets. Hopefully, you'll see your sales start to increase. You can determine whether new business is a direct result of your ad by asking customers how they heard about your company. If they reference your ad, you know it's working! Don't keep publishing an ad that isn't increasing your sales. Keep rewriting it until you're confident it's actually bring in more business. A poorly-written ad that doesn't represent your company well can actually do more harm than good. After you've used your ad for a few months, keep things fresh by rewriting it to advertise a new product or feature.

Summary: