Blow out the scented candle and ditch the aerosol spray can. Now there’s a deodorising toilet seat that claims to eliminate embarrassing bathroom odours. The ‘Purefresh’ seat has a hidden fan that sucks in air and pushes it through an odour-eating carbon filter, before adding a more pleasant scent. Scroll down for video. How to loo-se a nasty smell: A toilet that with a deodorising seat claims to eliminate embarrassing bathroom odours. The ‘Purefresh’ seat has a hidden fan that sucks in air and pushes it through an odour-eating carbon filter (pictured), before adding a more pleasant scent. Jerry Bougher, Product Manager at Kohler Co in Wisconsin, explained that the idea’s to attack smells ‘where the action is’. He said: ‘In terms of odour, everyone's experienced it’ - the nasty experience of walking into a smelly bathroom, or leaving an embarrassing smell behind. The $90 (£58) seat turns on automatically when someone sits down and the built in fan hums quietly as it filters out any nasty smells, the company says. The air flows over a scent pack similar to  to mask any unwanted odours. The device is powered by two ‘D’ batteries which last around six months, along with the filter, while the scent packs have to be replaced monthly. The $90 (£58) seat (illustrated) turns on automatically when someone sits down and the built in fan hums quietly as it filters out any nasty smells, the company says. The air flows over a scent pack similar to air fresheners to mask any unwanted odours (pictured middle right) and a light can be turned on (bottom right) The toilet seat is powered by two ‘D’ batteries which last around six months, along with the fliter, while the scent packs have to be replaced monthly to keep bad smells (illustrated with a stock image) at bay. The Purefresh toilet seat is designed to neutralise and mask unpleasant smells as quickly as possible. A battery-powered fan draws air through a deodorising carbon filter, which is integrated into the seat. It hums quietly as it moves the air over a scent pack, which fragrances the neutralised air with a more pleasant aroma such as fresh laundry or 'avocado spa'. The carbon filter lasts for up to six months, while the scent packs must be refreshed monthly. The seat also contains two LED light settings to help people find their way to the toilet in the dark. A light illuminates the toilet tank when the lid is down, but once it is lifted up, it lights up the bowl. Josh Pantel, 27, has a Purefresh seat in the Middleton home he bought three months ago with his girlfriend, who works for Kohler. ‘If you have a visitor or someone at your place, it makes them feel more comfortable using the restroom,’ he says. The seat has a light to illuminate the bowl when lifted to make it easier for people to use in the night. Kohler is not the first US company to make a no-smell seat. San Francisco-based Brondell introduced one in 2006 but pulled it from the market about three years ago because the manufacturing costs were high and demand ‘wasn't where we had hoped it would be,’ according to the company's president, Steve Scheer. His company now includes deodorising technology similar to Kohler's on its $600 (£382) Swash 1000 bidet seats. ‘Personally, I kind of view (deodorising) more as an extra than as a core reason to buy the product,’ Mr Scheer said, before conceding that the market for specialty toilet seats is growing. Kohler also makes heated seats and versions that glow so people can find their way to a toilet in the dark.
What are the important parts of this article?