Student A:In the 1930s, a slang version rendered the saying as "Mind your own beeswax". It is meant to soften the force of the retort. Folk etymology has it that this idiom was used in the colonial period when women would sit by the fireplace making wax candles together, though there are many other theories.

Answer this question based on the passage: where did mind your own beeswax come from?
Student B:OK... The important part for answering this question is: Folk etymology has it that this idiom was used in the colonial period when women would sit by the fireplace making wax candles together, though there are many other theories.
the colonial period when women would sit by the fireplace making wax candles together , though there are many other theories.

Problem:Passage: In modern-day Superman stories published by DC, the symbol is typically explained as being Superman's family crest from his home planet Krypton, known as the insignia of the House of El, with its resemblance to a letter S being merely a coincidence.

Question: Based on this passage, what does the s on supermans suit mean?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: In modern-day Superman stories published by DC, the symbol is typically explained as being Superman's family crest from his home planet Krypton, known as the insignia of the House of El, with its resemblance to a letter S being merely a coincidence.
Superman 's family crest from his home planet Krypton , known as the insignia of the House of El.

Student A:Robert Smigel (born February 7, 1960) is an American actor, humorist, comedian and writer known for his Saturday Night Live "TV Funhouse" cartoon shorts and as the puppeteer and voice behind Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog. He also co-wrote both Hotel Transylvania films and You Do n't Mess with the Zohan, all starring Adam Sandler.

Based on this passage, who does the voice for triumph the insult dog?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Robert Smigel (born February 7, 1960) is an American actor, humorist, comedian and writer known for his Saturday Night Live "TV Funhouse" cartoon shorts and as the puppeteer and voice behind Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog.
Robert Smigel.

Problem:The earliest known version was published in Samuel Arnold's Juvenile Amusements in 1797 with the lyrics:

Where did the nursery rhyme humpty dumpty come from?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: The earliest known version was published in Samuel Arnold's Juvenile Amusements in 1797 with the lyrics:
Samuel Arnold 's Juvenile Amusements in 1797.

Student A:Context: Starting in 2004, the chain began offering "Hot-N-Ready", a large pepperoni pizza sold for $5. The concept was successful enough to become a permanent fixture of the chain, and Little Caesars' business model has shifted to focus more on carryout.

Question: when did little caesars start hot n ready?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Starting in 2004, the chain began offering "Hot-N-Ready", a large pepperoni pizza sold for $5.
2004.

Student A:Passage: Airboats are a very popular means of transportation in marshy and / or shallow areas where a standard inboard or outboard engine with a submerged propeller would be impractical, most notably in the Florida Everglades but also in the Indian River Lagoon, the Kissimmee and St. Johns rivers, and the Mekong River and Delta, as well as the Louisiana bayous and Mesopotamian Marshes.

Question: Based on this passage, what kind of boat is used in the everglades?
Student B: