Question: Information:  - The Grudge 3 is a 2009 American supernatural horror film and the third film in "The Grudge" series. Toby Wilkins, who had previously directed the successful film "Splinter" and the short films "Tales from the Grudge", took Takashi Shimizu's place as director who later served as executive producer, while Brad Keene replaced Stephen Susco as screenwriter. The film stars Johanna Braddy, Shawnee Smith and Marina Sirtis, with a special appearance by Matthew Knight and was released on DVD on May 12, 2009.  - Ju - On (  Juon , lit. `` Curse Grudge '' , also known as The Grudge ) is a Japanese horror franchise created by Takashi Shimizu , consisting of 11 feature films . Shimizu attended the Film School of Tokyo , where he studied under Kiyoshi Kurosawa . Kurosawa helped Shimizu shepherd the Ju - On projects to fruition . The Ju - On films generally revolve around a curse created in a house in Nerima , Tokyo when Takeo Saeki , convinced that his wife Kayako was having an affair with another man , murdered her , their son Toshio and Toshio 's pet cat in a jealous fit . According to Ju - On , when a person dies with a deep and powerful rage , a curse is born . The curse gathers in the place where that person has died or where they were frequently at , and repeats itself there . The spirits of the deceased haunt the location , killing anyone who encounters the curse by any means , such as entering a cursed house or being in contact with somebody who was already cursed . The curse 's manifestation is mainly death , where the victims ' bodies may or may not disappear . The following deaths may create more curses and spread them to other locations . The franchise consists , to date , of 11 films ( 8 Japanese productions , 3 American ) alongside additional media and merchandise products .  - She was created by director Takashi Shimizu. She represents a popular antagonist in Japanese culture, the vengeful ghost ("Onry"). She is typically characterized by long dark hair covering her pale face, unsettling wide eyes, twisted movements with crunching neck bones, and a haunting death rattle. She first appeared in Shimizu's short movie "Katasumi" and spends the majority of the "Ju-on" series haunting a house in Nerima, Japan. She is one of the fulfillers of the Ju-on curse, which states that when someone dies in a state of intense rage, those feelings remain at the death site and kill whoever it touches.  - the "Ju-on" film franchises and the husband of Kayako Saeki. Since his introduction up to The Grudge 3, he is portrayed by long-time veteran actor Takashi Matsuyama; he is the only Saeki family member not to be portrayed by multiple actors. However, Matsuyama was replaced by actor Yasuhito Hida for the 2014 Japanese reboot, "", and its sequel "".  - The Grudge is a 2004 American supernatural horror film and a remake of the Japanese film "". The film was released in North America on October 22, 2004 by Columbia Pictures, and was directed by Takashi Shimizu (director of all previous "Ju-on" films) while Stephen Susco scripted the film. The plot is told through a non-linear sequence of events and includes several intersecting subplots. The film was a box office success, making over $187 million against a $10 million budget, though it received only mixed reviews from critics.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'genre' with the subject 'ju-on '.  Choices: - culture  - family  - ghost  - horror film  - japanese  - supernatural
Answer: