Information:  - Pelit ("Games") is a Finnish video games magazine published in Helsinki, Finland.  - A magazine is a publication, usually a periodical publication, which is printed or electronically published (sometimes referred to as an online magazine). Magazines are generally published on a regular schedule and contain a variety of content. They are generally financed by advertising, by a purchase price, by prepaid subscriptions, or a combination of the three.At its root, the word "magazine" refers to a collection or storage location. In the case of written publication, it is a collection of written articles. This explains why magazine publications share the word root with gunpowder magazines, artillery magazines, firearms magazines, and, in French, retail stores such as department stores.  - Niko Nirvi ( born 1961 ) is a long - term major icon in the Finnish gaming world . He is well known for writing computer game reviews since the 1980s in MikroBitti , C = Lehti and the computer game yearbooks that were predecessors of the Pelit magazine . He has worked for the latter since its founding in 1992 , and holds a column in addition to making reviews and other reports . Nirvi began his career as a game reviewer in 1986 on pages of MikroBitti . He had made a bet with his friend that he could get his review published in the magazine . He sent two reviews , Zoids and Uridium and the former was published ( they already had one Uridium review ) . Nirvi wrote reviews and a regular column about new games for Mikrobitti and became the `` game editor '' of the magazine . He also wrote reviews for C = Lehti . When Pelit , that concentrated solely on gaming , was founded by the same publisher , Nirvi joined its ranks as an editor , and has written a regular column for each issue . Trademarks of his are signing with `` Nnirvi '' or a variation , and never showing his face in the magazine . Photos of him are always either covered or edited in a way that the face is unrecognizable . His personal picture in his articles is usually a gaming or movie character whose face is blurred ( for example Master Chief ) while the rest of the crew 's articles feature their real faces . Wallu 's drawings of Nirvi depict him as a bearded man with Spock 's Vulcan ears . According to Nirvi , his avoidance of publicity started in 1988 , when a MikroBitti reader asked for a photograph of him , which Nirvi instantly declined , and this avoidance has strengthened ever since . Nirvi 's style is typically humorous , and sometimes unorthodox . Some of Nirvi 's most unconventional reviews were published in C = Lehti . The review of Domark 's motorboat game Hydra was written as a nursery rhyme from the beginning to the end . The review of Battle Island contained just two words : '' Paska Commando - klooni . `` ( '' shitty Commando clone `` ) .  - A department store or magazine is a retail establishment offering a wide range of consumer goods in different product categories known as "departments". In modern major cities, the department store made a dramatic appearance in the middle of the 19th century, and permanently reshaped shopping habits, and the definition of service and luxury. Similar developments were under way in London (with Whiteleys), in Paris ("Le Bon Marché" in 1852) and in New York (with Stewart's).  - Mikrobitti (formerly called "MB", "MikroBitti" and "MikroBITTI") is a Finnish computer magazine published in Finland.    What entity does 'niko nirvi' has the relation 'country of citizenship' with?
The answer to this question is: