By. James Rush. PUBLISHED:. 11:22 EST, 13 June 2013. |. UPDATED:. 12:02 EST, 13 June 2013. A teenager's party at her parents' house turned into chaos when 150 gatecrashers turned up after reading about the gathering on Facebook. Annest Lois, 18, invited a dozen friends over for drinks to her house in a quiet country village while her mum and dad were away on holiday. But the party turned into a 'large scale disturbance' when word got out on social networking websites. Teenager Annest Lois (left and right, with her friend Pei Junior Chan) threw a house party while her parents were away on holiday, but it turned into chaos when gatecrashers turned up. Police scuffle with people after arriving at the scene of the party where they described a 'large scale disturbance' More than 150 people turned up and tried to squeeze into Annest's small three bedroom house. Police were called to get rid of the gatecrashers - sparking disturbances in the street as teenagers fought with officers. A police woman was attacked, a patrol car damaged and officers used CS gas to quell the crowds in the tiny village of Felinheli near Bangor, Gwynedd, yesterday evening. Annest said: 'It's my fault. I opened the door. We tried to stop so many coming. There were too many people to keep control. We just wanted about 12 people. Everybody got to know about it.' Neighbours say the main road through. the village was blocked by partygoers crowding outside - and police. arrived to clear them away. Neighbour. John Williams said: 'The street was full of people. There must have. been about 150 of them - and they were very boisterous. 'About 10 police cars came to try to move them but things got unruly and scuffles broke out.' Annest's family confirmed the gatecrashers had heard about the party through Facebook. Police have said a female officer was attacked, a patrol car damaged and officers used CS gas to quell the crowds. Annest had invited a dozen friends over for drinks to her house in the quiet country village of Felinheli, near Bangor, while her mum and dad were away on holiday. Her grandmother, Carol Williams, said: 'All the people didn't come in. There would be no room anyway.' But she said nothing had been broken at the terraced house. 'Drinks were spilled on the floor but it's not trashed, the police were called before anything serious happened. 'Anyone organising a party should be very, very careful before using Facebook.' Annest was today back at home after explaining to her parents what had happened - and promised not to throw another party. Party-goer Pei Junior Chan, 18, of Bethesda, who was helping Annest and her gran clean up the house said: 'It went viral'. Neighbours say the main road through the village was blocked by partygoers crowding outside. He said: 'The people who weren't invited shouldn't have come. It was overcrowded.' Police called to the area following reports of a 'large scale disturbance'. They said one officer was punched and kicked but she was uninjured and was able to return to duty. Police said six males have been arrested. Two have been charged: one with causing criminal damage to a police vehicle and one with a public order offence. A 22-year-old man has received a fixed penalty, and an 18-year-old received a caution, both over public order. North Wales Police spokesman Peter Roberts said: 'Police were called to a large scale disturbance - the incident followed a Facebook party request. 'Four males were arrested and taken to Caernarfon police station.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: