By Barbara Starr 
  
 An Iranian fighter jet targeted an unarmed U.S. Predator drone over the Persian Gulf this week, the Pentagon says. 
  
 It was the latest Iranian move aimed at thwarting American military airborne intelligence efforts in the region. 
  
 Defense Department spokesman George Little said on Thursday the unmanned MQ-1 drone was conducting routine classified surveillance over international waters on Tuesday when approached by an Iranian F-4. 
  
 The two aircraft came within 16 miles of each other. 
  
  
  
 The American drone was escorted by two U.S. military aircraft, which remained over international waters, Little said, adding that the Iranian jet departed after a verbal warning. 
  
 No shots were fired. However, Obama administration officials told CNN that the United States is concerned with Iranian intentions in incidents like this and whether such episodes could unintentionally trigger hostilities. 
  
 In December 2011, a highly sensitive U.S. Sentinel drone gathering intelligence on Iran's nuclear program for the CIA was captured by Iran after it crashed. In November, an Iranian warplane fired on a Predator over the Gulf. 
  
 After the November incident, the United States told Tehran that it would continue surveillance flights over international waters "consistent with longstanding practice," Little said. 
  
 "We also communicated that we reserve the right to protect our military assets as well as our forces and will continue to do so going forward," he said. 
  
 The use of U.S. drones so close to Iran remains a highly sensitive issue for American military intelligence. 
  
 The aircraft are capable of using sensors to gather information about Iranian military movements. ||||| WASHINGTON—A U.S. drone conducting surveillance was approached by an Iranian fighter jet earlier this week, only to be warned off by American aircraft providing a security escort, Pentagon officials said Thursday. 
  
 When the American fighter planes escorting the drone approached the Iranian plane, it broke off its pursuit of the drone, Pentagon Press Secretary George Little said. The Iranian plane never got closer than 16 miles from the drone, the Pentagon said. 
  
 However, when the U.S. fighters spotted the Iranian plane, they closed to within two miles of the approaching craft. U.S. officials wouldn't specify what kind of American planes were involved or precisely where the incident took place. 
  
 Officials said earlier Thursday that one of the U.S. planes fired a flare to ward off the Iranian fighter, but later said no flare had been fired. 
  
 The encounter came as the latest incident between the U.S. and Iran as tensions ratchet up. Last November a pair of Iranian fighter planes fired on a drone conducting surveillance of Iran, but missed. 
  
 After that incident, Mr. Little said in his statement, the U.S. told Iran it would conduct surveillance flights in international airspace and that it would protect its assets. 
  
 "The United States communicated to the Iranians that we will continue to conduct surveillance flights over international waters consistent with long-standing practice and our commitment to the security of the region," Mr. Little said. 
  
 Corrections & Amplifications 
  
 The Pentagon said on Thursday that a U.S. fighter fired a flare to ward off an approaching Iranian jet, but Pentagon officials later updated that statement to say no flare had been fired. 
  
 Write to Julian E. Barnes at julian.barnes@wsj.com |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?