Information:  - Ur (Sumerian: "Urim"; Sumerian Cuneiform: or ; Akkadian: "Uru") was an important Sumerian city-state in ancient Mesopotamia, located at the site of modern Tell el-Muqayyar in south Iraq's Dhi Qar Governorate. Although Ur was once a coastal city near the mouth of the Euphrates on the Persian Gulf, the coastline has shifted and the city is now well inland, south of the Euphrates on its right bank, 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) from Nasiriyah.  - Meskalamdug ( `` hero of the good land '' ) was an early ruler ( ensi ) of Ur who does not appear in the Sumerian king list . His tomb , discovered by English archaeologist Sir Leonard Woolley in the Royal Cemetery of Ur in 1924 , contained numerous gold artifacts including a golden helmet with an inscription of the king 's name . His wife 's name was queen Ninbanda . Meskalamdug was also mentioned on a seal in another tomb with the title lugal ( king ) , however because his own tomb lacked attendants , Woolley assumed that he was not royal . The controversy remains though , because he is named on a bead inscription discovered in Mari by French archaeologist André Parrot ten years later , as the father of king Mesannepada of Ur , who appears in the king list and in many other inscriptions .  - A city is a large and permanent human settlement. Although there is no agreement on how a city is distinguished from a town in general English language meanings, many cities have a particular administrative, legal, or historical status based on local law.  - Akkadian ("akkadû", ak-ka-du-u; logogram: URI ) is an extinct East Semitic language (part of the greater Afroasiatic language family) that was spoken in ancient Mesopotamia. The earliest attested Semitic language, it used the cuneiform writing system, which was originally used to write the unrelated Ancient Sumerian, a language isolate. The language was named after the city of Akkad, a major centre of Mesopotamian civilization during the Akkadian Empire (ca. 23342154 BC), but the language itself precedes the founding of Akkad by many centuries.  - Iraq (, or ; '; '), officially known as the Republic of Iraq ('; ') is a country in Western Asia, bordered by Turkey to the north, Iran to the east, Kuwait to the southeast, Saudi Arabia to the south, Jordan to the southwest, and Syria to the west. The capital, and largest city, is Baghdad. The main ethnic groups are Arabs and Kurds; others include Assyrians, Turkmen, Shabakis, Yazidis, Armenians, Mandeans, Circassians, and Kawliya. Around 95% of the country's 36 million citizens are Muslims, with Christianity, Yarsan, Yezidism, and Mandeanism also present. The official languages of Iraq are Arabic and Kurdish.  - Dhi Qar Governorate is a governorate in southern Iraq. The provincial capital is Nasiriyah. Prior to 1976 the governorate was known as Muntafiq Governorate. Dhi Qar was the heartland of the ancient Iraqi civilization of Sumer, and includes the ruins of Ur, Eridu, Lagash, Larsa, Girsu, Umma, and Bad-tibira. The southern area of the governorate is covered by Mesopotamian Marshes.  - A city-state is a sovereign state that consists of a city and its dependent territories. Historically, this included cities such as Rome, Athens, Carthage, and the Italian city-states during the Renaissancebut today only a handful of sovereign city-states exist, with some disagreement as to which are city-states. A great deal of consensus exists that the term properly applies to Singapore, Monaco, and Vatican City.    What is the relationship between 'meskalamdug' and 'sovereign'?
A: