q... The flag of Israel, depicting a blue Star of David on a white background, between two horizontal blue stripes was adopted on October 28, 1948, five months after the country's establishment. The origins of the flag's design date from the First Zionist Congress in 1897; the flag has subsequently been known as the "flag of Zion".

When did israel adopt the star of david?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: The flag of Israel, depicting a blue Star of David on a white background, between two horizontal blue stripes was adopted on October 28, 1948, five months after the country's establishment.
The answer is October 28 , 1948


q... Although the company had earlier released Color TV Game and Game & Watch, which were their first and second systems respectfully, they did not achieve worldwide success until the release of the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1983. The NES restarted the video game industry after the video game crash of 1983, and was an international success. In 1989, Nintendo released the Game Boy, which became the first handheld console to sell in large numbers. In the early 1990s, Nintendo's market lead began to decrease; although the 1990 Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) was a strong seller, the Mega Drive / Genesis was a very strong contender. Nintendo and Sega would both lose a significant portion of the console market towards the end of the 1990s, as Sony Computer Entertainment's PlayStation became the most popular console, beating the Nintendo 64, though Nintendo managed to sell more than Sega Saturn.

Answer this question: what was the first video game console made by nintendo?
a... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Although the company had earlier released Color TV Game and Game & Watch, which were their first and second systems respectfully, they did not achieve worldwide success until the release of the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1983.
The answer is Color TV Game


q... Chad Coleman as Klyden, Bortus' mate and father of their child. He first appears at the end of the series' second episode. Norm Macdonald as the voice of Yaphit, an amorphous, gelatinous Engineering crew member of the Orville, who in his first few appearances, repeatedly attempts to obtain a date with Dr. Finn, and frequently flirts with other females on the ship. Larry Joe Campbell as Lieutenant Commander Steve Newton, Chief Engineer of the Orville. Rachael MacFarlane as the voice of the Orville computer.

Answer this question: whose voice is the robot on the orville?
a... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Rachael MacFarlane as the voice of the Orville computer.
The answer is Rachael MacFarlane


q... The Government of the Commonwealth of Australia is divided into the executive branch, composed of the Federal Executive Council presided by the Governor-General, which delegates powers to the Cabinet of Australia led by the Prime Minister, the legislative branch composed of the Parliament of Australia's House of Representatives and Senate, and the judicial branch composed of the High Court of Australia and federal courts. Separation of powers is implied by the structure of the Constitution, the three branches of government being set out in separate chapters (chapters I to III). The Australian system of government combines elements of the Westminster and Washington systems with unique Australian characteristics, and has been characterised as a "Washminster mutation".

Who makes up the legislative branch in australia?
a...