Given the question: Information:  - The Stolen Jools (1931) is a short comedy film produced by the Masquers Club of Hollywood, featuring many cameo appearances by film stars of the day. The stars appeared in the film, distributed by Paramount Pictures, to raise funds for the National Vaudeville Artists Tuberculosis Sanitarium. The UCLA Film and Television Archive entry for this film saysas do the creditsthat the film was co-sponsored by Chesterfield cigarettes to support the "fine work" of the NVA sanitarium.  - Vitaphone was a sound film system used for feature films and nearly 1,000 short subjects made by Warner Bros. and its sister studio First National from 1926 to 1931. Vitaphone was the last major analog sound-on-disc system and the only one which was widely used and commercially successful. The soundtrack was not printed on the film itself, but issued separately on phonograph records. The discs, recorded at  rpm (a speed first used for this system) and typically in diameter, would be played on a turntable physically coupled to the projector motor while the film was being projected. Many early talkies, such as "The Jazz Singer" (1927), used the Vitaphone system. The name "Vitaphone" derived from the Latin and Greek words, respectively, for "living" and "sound".  - Warner Leroy Baxter (March 29, 1889  May 7, 1951) was an American actor, known for his role as The Cisco Kid in "In Old Arizona" (1929), for which he won the second Academy Award for Best Actor in the 19281929 Academy Awards. He frequently played womanizing, charismatic Latin bandit types in westerns, and played The Cisco Kid or a similar character throughout the 1930s, but had a range of other roles throughout his career. Warner Baxter started his movie career in silent film. Baxter's most notable silent films are "The Great Gatsby" (1926) and "The Awful Truth" (1925). When talkies came out, Baxter became even more famous. Baxter's most notable talkies are "In Old Arizona" (1929), "42nd Street" (1932), "Slave Ship" (1937), "Kidnapped" (1938), and the 1931 20 minute all-star ensemble short film, "The Stolen Jools". In the 1940s he was well known for his recurring role as Dr. Robert Ordway in the Crime Doctor series of 10 films.  - A silent film is a film with no synchronized recorded sound, especially with no spoken dialogue. The silent film era lasted from 1895 to 1936. In silent films for entertainment, the dialogue is transmitted through muted gestures, mime and title cards which contain a written indication of the plot or key dialogue. The idea of combining motion pictures with recorded sound is nearly as old as film itself, but because of the technical challenges involved, synchronized dialogue was only made practical in the late 1920s with the perfection of the Audion amplifier tube and the introduction of the Vitaphone system. During silent films, a pianist, theatre organist, or, in large cities, even a small orchestra would often play music to accompany the films. Pianists and organists would either play from sheet music or improvise; an orchestra would play from sheet music.  - Mismates is a 1926 silent film starring Doris Kenyon and Warner Baxter . The movie was written by Sada Cowan from a play by Myron C. Fagan and directed by Charles Brabin . This film is now lost .    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'mismates' exhibits the relationship of 'distributor'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - first national  - paramount pictures  - warner bros .
The answer is: