Q:Information:  - A mountain resort is a place to holiday or vacation located in a mountainous area. The term includes ski resorts, where winter sports, including skiing, snowboarding, ice climbing and ice skating are practiced, as well as places where summer activities such as mountain biking, mountain boarding, and hiking are pursued. In hot climates hill and mountain resorts are visited for the cooler temperatures at higher elevations.  - Garmisch-Partenkirchen is a mountain resort town in Bavaria, southern Germany. It is the administrative centre of the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in the Oberbayern region, and the district is on the border with Austria. Nearby is Germany's highest mountain, Zugspitze, at 2,962 m (9,718 ft.).  - Sigurd Pettersen ( born 28 February 1980 ) is a Norwegian former ski jumper . His greatest achievement is winning the 2003 -- 04 Four Hills Tournament , with wins in Oberstdorf , Garmisch - Partenkirchen and Bischofshofen . Pettersen also won two bronze medals in the team large hill events at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships ( 2003 , 2005 ) and had his best individual finish of 10th in the 2005 event . He won a gold medal in the team event at the FIS Ski - Flying World Championships 2004 . Pettersen 's best individual finish at the Winter Olympics was 24th in the individual large hill at Turin in 2006 . He also has six individual career victories , all in the large hill , from 2002 to 2004 . Pettersen 's own ski club is Rollag og Veggli in Rollag , Norway . He has his education from the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences .  - Oberstdorf is a municipality and skiing and hiking town in southwest Germany, located in the Allgäu region of the Bavarian Alps. Oberstdorf is one of the highest market towns in Germany. The southernmost point in Germany is located in the municipality.  - Ski jumping is a form of Nordic skiing in which athletes descend a specially constructed takeoff ramp (known as the "inrun"), jump from the end of it (the "table") with as much power as they can generate, and "fly" as far as possible down a steeply sloped hill. Points are awarded for distance and style by five judges, with competition sanctioned by the International Ski Federation (FIS). To enable the athletes (who are known as "ski jumpers") to effectively glide such long distances and land safely, the skis they use are considerably wider and longer than their cross-country and alpine skiing counterparts. Ski jumping is predominantly a winter sport and has been part of the Winter Olympic Games since its inception in 1924 for men and since 2014 for women. Since 1954 it is possible to ski jump in summer on artificial surfaces made from plastic. Along with cross-country skiing, ski jumping is one of two sports which form the Nordic combined discipline. Holmenkollbakken in Oslo is the holy place of this sport, which is most popular in Austria, Germany, Finland, Japan, Norway, Poland and Slovenia.  - The Four Hills Tournament or the German-Austrian Ski Jumping Week is a ski jumping event composed of four World Cup events and has taken place in Germany and Austria each year since 1952. With a few exceptions the ski jumping events are held chronologically at Oberstdorf, Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Innsbruck and Bischofshofen.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'sigurd pettersen' exhibits the relationship of 'sport'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - ice skating  - nordic skiing  - ski jumping  - skiing  - snowboarding  - sport
A: