Andrea Conti gave Atalanta the lead when he bundled home from close range.
Spinazzola, on loan at Atalanta from Juve since August, headed past his own keeper while defending a free-kick.
Dani Alves thought he had won it for the leaders with a header but Remo Freuler hit an 89th minute equaliser for the battling hosts.
Second-placed Roma can cut Juve's lead to six points, with four games remaining, if they win at home to Lazio on Sunday (11:30 BST).
Juve, who still have to travel to face Roma on 14 May, are away to Monaco in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday (19:45 BST).
Atalanta are fifth in Serie A and on course to qualify for next season's Europa League.
Match ends, Atalanta 2, Juventus 2.
Second Half ends, Atalanta 2, Juventus 2.
Alex Sandro (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Hans Hateboer (Atalanta).
Attempt missed. Mario Lemina (Juventus) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Alex Sandro with a cross.
Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Andrea Petagna (Atalanta).
Goal!  Atalanta 2, Juventus 2. Remo Freuler (Atalanta) right footed shot from very close range to the top right corner.
Attempt saved. Remo Freuler (Atalanta) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Substitution, Juventus. Mario Lemina replaces Paulo Dybala.
Foul by Mario Mandzukic (Juventus).
Rafael Toloi (Atalanta) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Mattia Caldara (Atalanta).
Substitution, Juventus. Andrea Barzagli replaces Dani Alves.
Substitution, Atalanta. Andrea Petagna replaces Leonardo Spinazzola.
Alejandro Gomez (Atalanta) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Alejandro Gomez (Atalanta).
Attempt saved. Alejandro Gomez (Atalanta) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Dani Alves (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration.
Goal!  Atalanta 1, Juventus 2. Dani Alves (Juventus) header from the right side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Miralem Pjanic.
Attempt missed. Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left from a direct free kick.
Andrea Conti (Atalanta) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Paulo Dybala (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Andrea Conti (Atalanta).
Substitution, Juventus. Stephan Lichtsteiner replaces Juan Cuadrado.
Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Andrea Masiello.
Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Rafael Toloi.
Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Franck Kessié.
Foul by Alex Sandro (Juventus).
Andrea Conti (Atalanta) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Juan Cuadrado (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Foul by Juan Cuadrado (Juventus).
Alejandro Gomez (Atalanta) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt missed. Dani Alves (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left.
Attempt saved. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Mario Mandzukic with a cross.
Foul by Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus).
Alejandro Gomez (Atalanta) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Sami Khedira (Juventus) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Leonardo Bonucci with a cross.

This article was about: