Information:  - The John H. McDonald Journalism Foundation is a Canadian charitable foundation associated with Canadian University Press . The foundation aims to serve all student journalists in Canada with educational programs and opportunities , regardless of whether they work for a CUP member paper or not . The foundation has received donations from newspaper publishing companies and individual journalists , and has helped to fund national conferences and the creation of style guides and writing guides . It has also created opportunities for writing positions across the country , and held an annual awards ceremony celebrating student journalism . The foundation also hopes to establish mentorship and internship programs in the future . The foundation was established February 19 , 1987 , and named after CUP 's first president , John H. McDonald , an editor of The McGill Daily , who won the position in a coin toss .  - Canadian University Press is a non-profit co-operative and newswire service owned by more than 50 student newspapers at post-secondary schools in Canada. Founded in 1938, CUP is the oldest student newswire service in the world and the oldest national student organization in North America. Many successful Canadian journalists got their starts in CUP and its member papers. CUP began as a syndication services that facilitated transnational story-sharing. This newswire continued as a private function until 2010 when it was turned into a competitive source for campus news in the form of an online public wire at cupwire.ca.  - NeWS (Network extensible Window System) is a discontinued windowing system developed by Sun Microsystems in the mid-1980s. Originally known as "SunDew", its primary authors were James Gosling and David S. H. Rosenthal. The NeWS interpreter was based on PostScript (as was the later Display PostScript, although the two projects were otherwise unrelated) extending it to allow interaction and multiple "contexts" to support windows. Like PostScript, NeWS could be used as a complete programming language, but unlike PostScript, NeWS could be used to make complete interactive programs with mouse support and a GUI.  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'instance of' with the subject 'john h. mcdonald journalism foundation'.  Choices: - area  - capital  - country  - cup  - forest  - four  - interpreter  - language  - mouse  - network  - news  - organization  - people  - programming language  - service  - sharing  - student  - ten  - territory  - three  - university  - university press  - window  - windowing system
The answer to this question is: