Summarize this article:

When it comes to playing spin the bottle, the very first thing you'll need is other people (unless you want to play by yourself, which would be a pretty sad sight). To begin, find a group of willing friends — the more the merrier! Try to get a group that contains people of both genders so that there are a range of many different combinations of people who can potentially kiss. Make sure your friends know what they are getting into before you start playing.  Kissing is something that's usually reserved for people who really like each other, so forcing people to kiss who don't want to can be really embarrassing for everyone involved. Don't pressure anyone into playing with you who doesn't want to. When everyone is ready (and willing) to play, arrange yourselves in a circle so that you're all facing inward. Traditionally, this is done on the floor, though there's no reason you can't also do it standing or sitting around a table. Regardless of exactly how you arrange your group in a circle, it's usually best to pick a spot with a tough, hard surface, like a section of hardwood floor. This ensures that the bottle you use can spin well without scuffing or damaging the floor. When you're all ready to play, pick one person to start the game. This person grabs a bottle (or, really, any similarly spin-able object, like a pen, glass, key, etc.) and spins it hard in the middle of the circle of players. After it starts spinning, no one may touch the bottle until it comes to a complete stop. If you're unsure of how to decide who should spin the bottle first, you may want to try letting the oldest or youngest play go first or having one person think of a random number and starting with the person who guesses closest to it. When the bottle comes to a stop, its "neck" (the end that opens) should be pointing at someone sitting in the circle. The person who spun the bottle has to kiss this person!  If you're not using a bottle, designate one end of the object you're using as the pointing end. For instance, if you're using a pen, you might want to use the writing end of the pen as its "point". If you spin the bottle and it lands on you, spin again. That's really all there is to it! After one person has spun the bottle and given a kiss to the person the bottle ends up pointing at, the person next to him or her in the circle gives the bottle a spin and gives a kiss to the person his or her spin lands on. Play proceeds in one direction — either clockwise or counter-clockwise.  Note that sometimes the bottle will end up pointing at the space between two people — in this case, you may want to make the spinner kiss the person that the bottle's point is closest to. Additionally, the bottle may end up pointing at someone that you're not comfortable kissing because of your romantic preferences (for instance, if you're attracted to boys and it lands on a girl). In this case, you may want to kiss the person of the appropriate gender who's closest to the bottle's point. Congratulations! You've learned how to play spin the bottle. This fun and easy game is best enjoyed with a light-hearted attitude from all involved. Don't let things get too romantic or sexual — it's just a game, and one which can become pretty awkward pretty fast if it's taken too seriously. However, if you do feel that telltale "spark" with someone after playing the game, there's no reason why you shouldn't make a point to get to know him or her after the game! Spin the bottle is great for igniting new connections you might not otherwise have made.