Write some highlights for the following article:

By. Mary Mcconnell. UPDATED:. 06:11 EST, 28 December 2011. Barack Obama has topped a list of Americans' most admired men, even though his presidential approval ratings stand at just 47 per cent. When asked which man they most admired, 17 per of Americans named the US president, while Hillary Clinton, the US Secretary of State, topped the female list, also with 17 per cent. US TV star Oprah Winfrey was the second. most admired woman, and Mr Obama's wife, Michelle, was third. Former. British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was seventh and The Queen ninth. on the list. Public support: Barack Obama was the most admired man among Americans despite low presidential approval ratings. The poll was carried out by public. opinion website Gallup, who asked Americans, without prompting, to name. their most admired man and woman living today. Behind Mr Obama in the men's poll were former presidents George W. Bush and Bill Clinton, who gained three and two per cent of the vote, respectively. The evangelical Christian Reverend Billy Graham was fourth. Americans' support for Mr Obama hit an all-time low in October when he was given a 38 per cent approval rating. It has since risen to 47 per cent but it remains a far cry from the 69 per cent approval rating he gained when he first came to office three years ago. Seal of approval: US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been named the most admired woman for the tenth year in a row. Mrs Clinton has topped Gallup's poll, which has been running since 1946, for the tenth year in a row, while Mr Obama has been the most admired man for the past four years. 1. Barack Obama. 2. George W. Bush. 3. Bill Clinton. 4. Rev. Billy Graham. 5. Warren Buffett. 6. Newt Gingrich. 7. Donald Trump. 8. Pope Benedict XVI. 9. Bill Gates. 10.Thomas Monson. The Queen has never finished first in the poll but she has been in the top ten more than any other woman, making a record 44th appearance this year. She first made the top ten in 1948, five years before she was crowned. Mrs Thatcher has the second highest number of appearances on the top ten for women at 33. Rev Graham has clocked up the highest number of appearances on the men's list, making the top ten 55 times, although he has never been voted the most admired man. That accolade usually goes to the American president, who has topped the list for the past 31 years. Admiration: The Queen has been on Gallup's top ten 44 times. The most admired men and women typically come from the worlds of government, religion, business and entertainment or humanitarian causes. There are three business leaders in the men's list - Warren Buffett, Donald Trump and Bill Gates - and three religious leaders - Rev Graham, Pope Benedict XVI and Thomas Monson, the leader of the Mormon Church. 1. Hillary Clinton. 2. Oprah Winfrey. 3. Michelle Obama. 4. Sarah Palin. 5. Condoleezza Rice. 6. Laura Bush. 7. Margaret Thatcher. 8. Ellen DeGeneres. 9. Queen Elizabeth II. 10. Michele Bachmann. Among the women there are eight from government and two from television - Ms Winfrey and chat show host Ellen DeGeneres. Former vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin, who was voted the second most admired woman over the past three years, has fallen two places this year to number four. Dwight Eisenhower holds the record for first-place finishers among men, with 12, followed by Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton with eight each. In total Hillary Clinton has topped the Gallup list 16 times, Eleanor Roosevelt is second with 13 number one finishes.