News article:

If he were to win Donald Trump would be the oldest candidate elected for a first term in U.S. history. | Getty Trump's doctor: Trump would be the healthiest president ever 
  
 Donald Trump would be the healthiest president ever elected, according to a report from his personal physician that the Republican candidate shared on Monday. 
  
 In a Dec. 4 note distributed by the Trump campaign, Dr. Harold Bornstein, the 69-year-old candidate's physician since 1980, wrote that the candidate's latest physical exam showed only "positive results." 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 "If elected, Mr. Trump, I can state unequivocally, will be the healthiest individual elected to the presidency," Bornstein wrote. 
  
 At 70 years old by Election Day, Trump would be the oldest candidate elected for a first term in U.S. history. 
  
 "Mr. Trump has suffered no form of cancer, has never had a hip, knee or shoulder replacement or any other orthopedic surgery," the doctor wrote, adding that Trump's only surgery was an appendectomy at 10 years old. "His cardiovascular status is excellent. He has no history of ever using alcohol or tobacco products." 
  
 Trump has lost at least 15 pounds in the past year, Bornstein wrote. Additionally, he said, his blood pressure and lab results were "astonishingly excellent." 
  
 "I am proud to share this report, written by the highly respected Dr. Jacob Bornstein of Lenox Hill Hospital, stating that I am in excellent health. I am fortunate to have been blessed with great genes — both of my parents had very long and productive lives," Trump said in a statement, mistakenly referring to Bornstein's father, who saw Trump until 1980. "People have been impressed by my stamina, but to me it has been easy because I am truly doing something that I love." 
  
 According to the practice's website, Harold Bornstein graduated from Tufts University and its School of Medicine, completing his residency at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York and a fellowship in gastroenterology at a Yale Affiliated program. He is a certified member of the American Board of Internal Medicine, licensed to practice in New York state. His office is roughly 1 mile from Trump Tower. 
  
 Neither Bornstein's letter, nor Trump's statement makes reference to the candidate's medical deferment for bone spurs in 1968 during the Vietnam War, which the campaign previously described as "minor" and "short-term." ||||| This collaborative project is an extension of the 2016 End of Term project, intended to document the federal government's web presence by archiving government websites and data. As part of this preservation effort, URLs supplied from partner institutions, as well as nominated by the public, will be crawled regularly to provide an on-going view of federal agencies' web and social media presence. Key partners on this effort are the Environmental Data & Governance Initiative and the Data Refuge project. This collection is a continuation of the 2016 End of Term web archiving and, as such, is deduplicated against that collection. It allows for the ongoing archiving of publicly nominated websites beyond the "official" end of the End of Term project. 
  
 Interested members of the public, particularly government information specialists, are invited to submit selected web sites to be included in the collection using the public nomination tool. 
  
 For more information on partner institutions, web crawling and past End of Term projects, please visit the End of Term Archive. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?