Summarize this article:

This trick isn’t as much about levitating an actual coin as it is about the illusion of making the coin invisible, then making it reappear.  To begin the trick, you will need to make the coin disappear from your hand. It’s easier to learn with a larger coin like a half-dollar, but you can use a quarter or other similarly large coin. Using a finger palm vanish, pretend to transfer the coin from one hand to the other. The finger palm works like a regular palm, except you keep the coin in place with your two middle fingers. Hold the coin in place between your fingers and the first joints closest to your palm.   This part of the trick is similar to a French Drop where you pretend to transfer the coin from one hand to the other while palming the coin in your original hand. While finger palming the coin, bring your empty hand up toward your eye level while you lower the hand with the coin. Rub your fingers together with your empty hand to make it look like you’ve made the coin “vanish”. However, describe to your audience that you’ve simply made the coin invisible. Open your hand to reveal the invisible coin. Here, you can explain how in order to levitate the coin, you have to make it invisible so that it no longer weighs too much to float.  Pretend to pick up the coin as if it were there. The next few parts of this trick will require you to be convincing with your space object work. Also note that you are picking up the invisible coin with the hand that is actually holding the coin. Keep your coin in finger palm position, and always angle your hand so the audience can’t see the actual coin. Before doing this trick, practice actually picking up your real coin. Notice how the weight feels in your hand, how your fingers are positioned, and how your hand moves. Pretend as though you were picking up a coin now. Remember what it looked like when you actually picked up a coin. Don’t pinch your fingers together. Even though a coin is thin, there would still be a tiny amount of space in between your fingers when holding one. Remember the weight of the coin as well. Place the invisible coin in the air and let go. Describe that you can simply put the invisible coin in the air where it will hang until you need it. Keep in mind when you do this that you will be finger palming the actual coin. As you place the coin to hang in the air, angle your hand so your audience can see the open palm, but keep the coin covered by holding it in between your fingers. Once you’ve let the invisible hanging coin part of the trick settle in, grab the coin out of the air with your empty hand.  Take the invisible coin, paying attention to your space object work, with the hand that you’re not palming the coin in. Raise the hand with the real coin in it up to meet your empty hand. As you do this, keep the coin in your finger palm but tilt your hand just enough so the audience can see that your palm is empty. Describe that whenever you need the coin back, all you have to do is make it reappear. As you place the invisible coin into the palm of the hand that is holding the actual coin, begin to curl your fingers over.   As you begin to make a fist, let the coin drop out of the finger palm. It will fall over the index finger of your other hand. With your thumb, pinch the coin in between your thumb and forefinger as your other hand curls around into a fist. You will now be holding the coin in the same hand that you used to grab the invisible coin out of the air with. Open your hand to reveal that the coin has become visible again.