Q:Information:  - Editorial independence is the freedom of editors to make decisions without interference from the owners of a publication. Editorial independence is tested, for instance, if a newspaper runs articles that may be unpopular with its advertising clientele or critical of its ownership.  - The mass media is a diversified collection of media technologies that reach a large audience via mass communication. The technologies through which this communication takes place include a variety of outlets.  - The Guardian is a British national daily newspaper, known from 1821 to 1959 as the Manchester Guardian. Along with its sister papers "The Observer" and "The Guardian Weekly", "The Guardian" is part of the Guardian Media Group, owned by The Scott Trust Limited. The Trust was created in 1936 "to secure the financial and editorial independence of "The Guardian" in perpetuity and to safeguard the journalistic freedom and liberal values of "The Guardian" free from commercial or political interference." The Scott Trust became a limited company in 2008, with a constitution to maintain the same protections for "The Guardian". Profits are reinvested in journalism rather than to the benefit of an owner or shareholders.  - Guardian Media Group plc ( GMG ) is a British mass media company owning various media operations including The Guardian and The Observer . The group is wholly owned by Scott Trust Limited , which exists to secure the financial and editorial independence of The Guardian in perpetuity .  - The Guardian Weekly is a weekly British-based (London) English language newspaper published by the Guardian Media Group and is one of the world's oldest international newspapers. It has readers in 173 countries. It was founded with the aim of spreading progressive British ideas into the United States after the First World War. The first edition of the "Manchester Guardian Weekly" was printed a week after the signing of the Treaty of Versailles in 1919, and stated its aim as "presenting what is best and most interesting in the Manchester Guardian, what is most distinctive and independent of time, in a compact weekly form". It has long also been printed in an airmail edition on light-weight paper, mailed directly to subscribers where it is not distributed by other means, and in modern times there is access to content via the Internet.  - Mass communication is the study of how people and entities relay information through mass media to large segments of the population at the same time. In other words, mass communication refers to the imparting and exchanging of information on a large scale to a wide range of people. It is usually understood to relate newspaper, magazine, and book publishing, as well as radio, television and film, even via internet as these mediums are used for disseminating information, news and advertising. Mass communication differs from the studies of other forms of communication, such as interpersonal communication or organizational communication, in that it focuses on a single source transmitting information to a large number of receivers. The study of mass communication is chiefly concerned with how the content of mass communication persuades or otherwise affects the behavior, attitude, opinion, or emotion of the person or people receiving the information.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'guardian media group' with the relationship of 'industry'.  Choices: - advertising  - internet  - journalism  - mass media  - news  - publishing
A: