The head of a maraschino cherry factory who shot himself dead last Tuesday after police found a secret drug lab on site could have been making up to $10million a year from his illicit venture. Arthur Mondella, 57, president of Dell's Maraschino Cherries factory in Brooklyn, was believed to have been managing a huge marijuana operation on the side of his food business. According to a report in the the New York Post, he could have earned up to $6,500 for a pound of the substance - depending on the quality. Scroll down for video. Arthur Mondella (above) hid his massive marijuana business behind his hugely successful cherry business authorities believe. It has been claimed he could have been making up to $10million a year. The smell of the 400,000 pounds of cherries produced each day in his factory hid the smell of the 1,200 plants he grew. Mondella asked his sister Joanne Capece (right) to 'take care of [his] kids (two daughters Dana and Dominique and ex-wife Elaine left),' and then shot himself dead in his private bathroom. If he was growing 100 plants and the drug was 'high quality', it means he would have been making more than $2.5million every three months, a consultant told The Post. It was revealed on Saturday that he was able to keep investigators in the dark  as the smell of the 400,000 pounds of Maraschino cherries his plant processed each week managed to mask the stench of the marijuana plants. Reports suggest he was capable of growing at least 100 at a time, but could have managed up to 1,200, meaning he could have been making substantially more from the criminal enterprise. Furthermore, the other red flag for authorities would have been the heightened electric bill from running grow lamps - something that was also masked by his large operation. This as many still have questions as to why the president of Dell's Maraschino Cherries, after cooperating with investigators for five hours Tuesday as they looked in to claims that his business was dumping hazardous waste, excused himself, asked his sister Joanne Capece to 'take care of [his] kids,' and then shot himself dead in his private bathroom. The New York Daily News reports that investigators then discovered a crawl space that led to a 50-foot-by-50-foot area that was divided into several rooms. Authorities now believe the rooms were for growing the plans. One room contained seeds of 60 different marijuana strains and about $125,000 in cash. Salvatore Capece (left), nephew of Mondella, and Dominique Mondella (right), his daughter, continued the family legacy by working at Dell's Maraschino Cherries. They believe a crop had just been harvested, as only three bags with about 100 pounds of marijuana were discovered during their search. All that, along with 120 expensive grow lamps, were completely hidden, leading one source to speculate he could have been working alone and not with the help of others at the company. 'In theory, it could have been him and outsiders,' said the source. 'This is a secreted part of a large factory that was designed so a large number of employees won’t know.' Despite all this, the company, which has contracts with numerous national restaurant chains such as Red Lobster, Buffalo Wild Wings, Chick-fil-A and TGI Fridays, is back in business and family lawyer Michael Farkas states managers are cooperating fully with the District Attorney's investigation. Mondella is survived by three children from two marriages. His father, Arthur Mondella Sr, started the business as a Brooklyn storefront in 1948.

Write highlights for this article.