In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Q: Question: How many times has the film director of Marnie been nominated for an Oscar? Passage 1:Beck was born to the actress Cindy Robbins. She starred in such movies as Massacre at Central High, Roller Boogie, and . Among her notable television credits are  General Hospital, Capitol (billed as Kimberly Beck-Hilton), Fantasy Island, Buck Rogers in the 25th Century (as one side of a Jekyll-and-Hyde character, whose counterpart was played by Trisha Noble), Westwind, The Brady Bunch, Dynasty, Lucas Tanner and Peyton Place (as the character Kim Schuster). As a child, she appeared in Alfred Hitchcock's Marnie and television commercials for such products as Mattel Toymakers Barbie and Chatty dolls. She had a very brief appearance on The Munsters as a transformed Eddie Munster after Eddie drank the rest of Grandpa's Texas Playgirl Potion in season 1, episode 33 entitled "Lily Munster, Girl Model". She starred on the pilot episode of Eight Is Enough as Nancy Bradford, the role that, in the series, went to Dianne Kay. She also had the role of Diane Porter in Rich Man, Poor Man Book II with Peter Strauss and appeared in a host of other well-received television miniseries productions. In 1968, she and her stepfather Tommy Leonetti, then working in Australia, recorded the single "Let's Take a Walk", released under the name of "Tommy Leonetti and his daughter Kim". It charted at #4 on the Melbourne charts.
 Passage 2:As a neuroendocrinologist, he has focused his research on issues of stress and neuronal degeneration, as well as on the possibilities of gene therapy strategies for protecting susceptible neurons from disease. Currently, he is working on gene transfer techniques to strengthen neurons against the disabling effects of glucocorticoids. Each year, Sapolsky spends time in Kenya studying a population of wild baboons in order to identify the sources of stress in their environment, and the relationship between personality and patterns of stress-related disease in these animals. More specifically, Sapolsky studies the cortisol levels between the alpha male and female and the subordinates to determine stress level. An early but still relevant example of his studies of olive baboons is to be found in his 1990 Scientific American article, "Stress in the Wild". He has also written about neurological impairment and the insanity defense within the American legal system.
 Passage 3:By 1968 regular air force military airlift squadrons were operating the Lockheed C-141 Starlifter, while reserve heavy airlift units still flew the obsolete Douglas C-124 Globemaster II. As the Globemaster was retired, Air Force Reserve formed associate units with the C-141. In this program reserve units flew and maintained aircraft owned by an associated regular unit. On 25 March 1968, the 730th moved to Norton Air Force Base without aircraft as an associate of the active duty 63d Military Airlift Wing. In 1973, Air Force Reserve inactivated its reserve associate groups and the squadron was assigned directly to the 445th Military Airlift Wing. Missions the 730th has flown included humanitarian relief, aeromedical flights, and airdrops of supplies and paratroopers. In 1989, the squadron participated in Operation Just Cause, the incursion into Panama that replaced Manuel Noriega as its leader.

A: