Here is a news article: Landov 
  
 Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino has trademarked his name and has a rap song to prove it! 
  
 The Situation Cashing In 
  
 The Jersey Shore star, best known for his rock-hard abs, collaborated with Fatman Scoop, Disco Fries and DJ Class to produce his first song aptly named The Situation. 
  
 DJ Class tells RadarOnline.com exclusively “we’re gearing the music toward the club audience and if it’s received well, there will be more to come.” 
  
 PHOTOS: The Situation Flashes His Abs 
  
 Some of the lyrics include: "Grab some a**, drink some 'yac/ All I do is (bleep) until I get my cash/ Where the ladies at?" 
  
 DJ Class says “a lot of people call it a rap record, but it’s not—it’s more of a club banger.” 
  
 PHOTOS: Pauly D, Vinny & The Situation Play Beach Volleyball 
  
 This is only the beginning of his empire. As RadarOnline.com first reported “The Situation” is also releasing a clothing line and iPhone app. 
  
 PHOTOS: Jersey Shore Cast Show Off Their Beach Bods 
  
 “He even has cologne coming out before the holiday that has a unique name and captures his swagger. Both women and men are going to love it,” The Situation’s brother Mark revealed. 
  
 Here’s the clip: 
  
 http://socialitelife.celebuzz.com/archive/2010/06/14/heres_the_rap_the_s... ||||| You've seen plenty of the abs, now you're going to hear the voice that goes with the six-pack. "Jersey Shore" star Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino is preparing to drop his first single this week. The fist-pumping, floor-slapping dance track titled, of course, "The Situation," is a collaboration with Fatman Scoop, DJ Class and the Disco Fries, according to TMZ, which posted a brief clip of the tune on Monday (June 14). 
  
 Slated to hit iTunes this week, the tune has a basic techno backbeat and finds "the Sitch" Auto-Tune singing his way through lyrics about a debauched night out at the club over the kind of banging track he's probably used to hearing from his pal, Pauly D. 
  
 "We got a Situation here," fitness center assistant manager-turned-reality star says at the outset over air-raid blasts that sound like one of those annoying vuvuzela horns fans are constantly honking on at the World Cup. 
  
 "The motherf'in Situation/ What the hell are you lookin' at?/ Can a DJ get in like that/ Grab some ass, drink some 'yac/ All I do is (bleep) until I get my cash/ Where the ladies at?/ I ain't at a bar to get drunk alone/ I'm gonna take a hottie home." Sorrentino's vocals are tweaked until almost unrecognizable, but the sentiment in the lyrics seems to be in line with his full-throttle party lifestyle. 
  
 A spokesperson for Sorrentino could not be reached for comment at press time. The GTL evangelist also didn't appear to make any reference to the song on Sunday, when he made an appearance at L.A. Sunset tanning salon in Hoboken, New Jersey, where fans lined up hours early to meet him and get his autograph, according to the Jersey Journal. 
  
 Though it's unclear if the song is a one-off or perhaps Mike's attempt to break into the music biz, it would make him the second "Shore" housemate to dip their toe into the pool. Pauly D was recently nominated in the annual America's Best DJ competition, which pits him against 100 other top club spinners from across the globe. 
  
 Do you want to hear more of the Situation's music, or should he just stick to the GTL he's best at? Talk about it in the comments. 
  
 Season two of "Jersey Shore" premieres Thursday, July 29, at 10 p.m. ET/PT on MTV. Be there! |||||
A summary of this is?