Article:
It looks there’s another nail in the coffin of the not-quite-dead-yet Barnes and Noble Nook e-reader. 
  
 Mary Ellen Keating, a company spokesperson, told Ars by e-mail that while earlier reports of the firing of the entire Nook hardware team were incorrect, there were indeed some “job eliminations across the organization." Keating declined to give any more specifics. Last month, three top B&N Nook executives also left the company. 
  
 In her e-mail, Keating added: 
  
 We believe we have a strong management team in place at Nook, having recruited significant new talent. The new Nook management team is focused on managing the business efficiently so that it becomes financially strong while at the same time aggressively moving to drive revenue growth. 
  
 In January 2014, Barnes & Noble also announced that “device and accessories sales” plummeted to $88.7 million during the October through December 2013 holiday period, a drop of 66.7 percent. The company attributed the loss to “lower unit selling volume and lower average selling prices.” Of course, that was prime shopping season, when most retailers see a spike in sales. The company added that “digital content sales” were $36.5 million during the same time frame, a drop of 27.3 percent. ||||| Spencer Platt/Getty Images Barnes & Noble laid off its Nook hardware engineers, according to a source that tipped Business Insider. 
  
 The engineers were let go last Thursday, according to our source. This follows Barnes & Noble dismissing the VP of Hardware, Bill Saperstein in January. 
  
 Barnes & Noble confirmed that it laid people off when we asked. A spokesperson told us: 
  
 "We've been very clear about our focus on rationalizing the NOOK business and positioning it for future success and value creation. As we've aligned NOOK's cost structure with business realities, staffing levels in certain areas of our organization have changed, leading to some job eliminations. We're not going to comment specifically on those eliminations." 
  
 The Nook was its answer to the Amazon's Kindle. Barnes & Noble tried making a Nook e-reader, and a Nook tablet that competed with the iPad, and the Kindle Fire. It was a bold, and aggressive attempt to fend off the rise of Internet companies that were destroying booksellers. 
  
 It did not work, though. In the September quarter of last year, Nook revenue was down 32.2% on a year-over-year basis, and it had an EBITDA loss of $45.2 million. Those numbers made Nook the worst- performing part of Barnes & Noble. 
  
 Barnes & Noble has been talking about reducing the size of its Nook business for a year. Last February, Barnes & Noble executives were privately acknowledging that the Nook line needs to go. 
  
 It decided to move away from making its own devices, and focus on just doing its own applications, and digital distribution. Barnes & Noble stopped making a tablet, but continued making a Nook e-reader, the GlowLight. We're not sure what the future holds for the GlowLight. 
  
 While it's shedding staff, a spokesperson said Barnes & Noble remains committed to the Nook group: 
  
 "We believe we have a strong management team in place at NOOK, having recruited significant new talent. The new NOOK management team is focused on managing the business efficiently so that it becomes financially strong while at the same time aggressively moving to drive revenue growth." 
  
 Update: After posting this, Barnes & Noble told us that it did not eliminate its entire hardware department, but it declined to provide specifics. |||||Summary: