Please briefly summarize this news article:

Glasgow pub crash: helicopter model was grounded last year after safety fears

The company that leases the model of helicopter that crashed into a pub in Glasgow temporarily grounded all of the aircraft last year amid safety concerns.

According to the minutes of the Scottish Ambulance Service board meeting, in April last year Bond Air Services was informed of a crack "on the lower hub shaft flange of an EC135 main rotor following a routine inspection.

"The manufacturer of the aircraft, Eurocopter, and the customer, the Scottish Ambulance Service, were immediately notified of the defect. The main rotor hub shaft was returned to Eurocopter, to allow them to investigate the cause of the crack.

"A replacement component was fitted to the aircraft in question, which subsequently resumed operations for the Scottish Ambulance Service. At that time, thorough inspections of the entire EC135 fleet were conducted to ensure continued air worthiness prior to any further operations. The results of the inspections stated that the crack was an isolated case."

An airworthiness directive issued by the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) after Eurocopter reported the crack saw Bond "undertake detailed daily inspections of all its EC135s, including the main rotor blade bolts, as well as visual inspection of the upper and lower hub shaft flange areas. Since the beginning of April Bond Air Services have been working closely with Eurocopter to identify the exact cause of the defect."

However, after receiving a safety information notice, which said that cracks had been found in several other EC135 helicopters, Bond Air Services then decided as a safety measure to ground all of its EC135 helicopters.

The minutes note: "This left large parts of the UK without air ambulance cover. Bond Air Services operate 22 Eurocopter EC135 helicopters across the UK and all were withdrawn, including the 2 Scottish Air Ambulance helicopters and Strathclyde police helicopter.

"The recent identification of cracks in the lower hub shafts (the first occurrences in the 15-year history of the helicopter during which time 2.3m flight hours have been recorded) resulted in the decision to suspend flying until assurances were received from the manufacturer that it was safe to resume flight operations."

The minutes continue: "Eurocopter had not ordered that the fleet be grounded; they had urged operators to increase the frequency of checks on the EC135s. Bond chose to suspend flying until such time as they received reassurances from Eurocopter relating to safety of the EC135. Bond has received a letter from Eurocopter which guarantees the safety of the EC135 and the Scottish Ambulance Service has been given a copy of this letter.

"While Bond Air Services have now introduced an agreed enhanced regime of safety checks – and the EC 135 helicopters resumed operations again at 07:00hrs on Wednesday 9 May [2012] – they remain concerned that Eurocopter have still to identify the root cause of the defect.

"The EC135 mast rotor hubs are subject to pre-flight daily inspection, a detailed inspection at each major service interval (which is every 400hrs) and are removed, inspected, overhauled and refitted when the main rotor gearbox is overhauled at every 4,000hrs. These inspection schedules are in line with manufacturer and EASA instructions. Following identification of the crack, an additional inspection was initiated before every flight and a detailed engineering inspection to the mast rotor hubs every 10hrs."

Summary: