Write highlights for this article:

Witnesses in New Jersey have spoken of their horror at seeing a young mother douse her new born baby in a flammable liquid and set her alight. Hyphernkemberly Dorvilier, 22, is accused of burning her daughter alive on a public roadway at about 11 p.m. on Friday in Pemberton Township. 'It was just horrible. Like nothing you've ever seen,' said David Joseph, who lives across from where the incident occurred. Scroll down for videos. Accused: Hyphernkemberly Dorvilier has been charged with murdering her newborn baby. Her bail has been set at $50,000. Neighbor Joseph, 45, initially thought he had caught someone dumping garbage when she stepped out of her Land Rover - such was her calm demeanor. 'We saw the fire and we thought someone was over there burning trash,' he said. Joseph's wife then notice what was really going on and screamed. The woman then tried to flee but he managed to restrain her until police arrived. A makeshift memorial now stands where the baby was killed. Scene: Witnesses say 22-year-old mother got out of her car and stopped in the middle of Simontown Road in Pemberton Township, New Jersey, on Friday night and burned the child alive. 'It was just mind-boggling. It was a nightmare even if you have a strong heart. Hopefully she'll pay for it,' said Joseph. Dorvilier was arrested at the scene. She is being held on $500,000 bail, prosecutors said. Medics rushed to the scene and airlifted the young child, which was still alive and breathing when they arrived, to St Christopher's Hospital in Philadelphia with severe burns. However the baby succumbed to its injuries a short time later. Emergency services were called to the scene after residents described a 'commotion' inside a nearby home before the horrific act. The woman, who witnesses say lit the child on fire, was taken to Deborah Hospital, in Brown Mills, New Jersey according to NBC Philadelphia. She was then arrested after her condition stabilized. A statement by the Burlington County Prosecutors read: 'Burlington County Prosecutor Robert D. Bernardi and Pemberton Township Police Chief David H. Jantas announced today that a Pemberton Township woman has been charged with killing her newborn baby by setting her ablaze last night on Simontown Road. 'Hyphernkemberly Dorvilier, age 22, of Rutgers Avenue in Pemberton Township, was charged with one count of Murder. Bail was set at $500,000 by the Hon. Jeanne T. Covert, J.S.C. 'Dorvilier was lodged in the Burlington County Corrections and Work Release Center in Pemberton Township. 'Officers from the Pemberton Township Police Department were dispatched to Simontown Road just before 11 p.m. yesterday after a resident called to report the fire in the roadway. Response: Medics rushed to the scene and airlifted the young child to St Christopher's Hospital in Philadelphia with severe burns. It succumbed to its injuries a short time later. 'At approximately 11:15 p.m., the baby was airlifted to Saint Christopher's Hospital in Philadelphia and was reported to be alive and breathing at that time. The baby died approximately two hours later. 'The investigation revealed that the infant had been doused with an accelerant prior to being set ablaze. Dorvilier was taken into custody at the scene. 'An autopsy will be performed by Burlington County Medical Examiner Dr. Ian Hood. 'The details of the baby's birth are being investigated. The investigation is being conducted by detectives from the Pemberton Township Police Department and the Burlington County Prosecutor's Office.'

Highlights: