Answer the following question: Information:  - Satire is a genre of literature, and sometimes graphic and performing arts, in which vices, follies, abuses, and shortcomings are held up to ridicule, ideally with the intent of shaming individuals, corporations, government, or society itself into improvement. Although satire is usually meant to be humorous, its greater purpose is often constructive social criticism, using wit to draw attention to both particular and wider issues in society.  - An editorial cartoon, also known as a political cartoon, is an illustration containing a commentary that usually relates to current events or personalities. An artist who draws such images is known as an editorial cartoonist.  - Frederick Theodore `` Ted '' Rall III ( born August 26 , 1963 ) is an American columnist , syndicated editorial cartoonist , and author . His political cartoons often appear in a multi-panel comic - strip format and frequently blend comic - strip and editorial - cartoon conventions . The cartoons appear in approximately 100 newspapers around the United States . He was President of the Association of American Editorial Cartoonists from 2008 to 2009 . Rall draws three editorial cartoons a week for syndication , draws illustrations on a freelance basis , writes a weekly syndicated column , and edits the Attitude series of alternative cartooning anthologies and spin - off collections by up - and - coming cartoonists . He writes and draws cartoons for the website anewdomain.net and is the editor - in - chief of the satirical news website skewednews.net . He is an award - winning graphic novelist and the author of non-fiction books about domestic and international current affairs . He also travels to and writes about Central Asia , a region he believes to be pivotal to U.S. foreign policy concerns . In November 2001 he went to Afghanistan as a war correspondent for The Village Voice and KFI Radio in Los Angeles . He returned to Afghanistan in August 2010 , traveling independently and unembedded throughout the country , filing daily `` cartoon blogs '' by satellite .  - An editorial cartoonist, also known as a political cartoonist, is an artist who draws editorial cartoons that contain some level of political or social commentary. Their cartoons are used to convey and question an aspect of daily news or current affairs in a national or international context. Political cartoonists generally adopt a caricaturist style of drawing, to capture the likeness of a politician or subject. They may also employ humor or satire to ridicule an individual or group, emphasize their point of view or comment on a particular event.  - A columnist is someone who writes for publication in a series, creating an article that usually offers commentary and opinions.  - The Association of American Editorial Cartoonists (AAEC) is a professional association concerned with promoting the interests of staff, freelance and student editorial cartoonists in the United States, Canada and Mexico. With nearly 300 members, it is the world's largest organization of political cartoonists.  - Drawing is a form of visual art in which a person uses various drawing instruments to mark paper or another two-dimensional medium. Instruments include graphite pencils, pen and ink, inked brushes, wax color pencils, crayons, charcoal, chalk, pastels, various kinds of erasers, markers, styluses, various metals (such as silverpoint) and electronic drawing.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'occupation' with 'caricaturist'.
Answer: