Anger as Ministry of Defence bans Royal Marines from stripping off for annual charity calendar because it 'sexualises' them

THE ROYAL Marines’ butch calendar boys have been censored by military bosses who have banned them from stripping off for a charity fundraiser.

The popular annual Go Cammando calendar which has raised hundreds of thousands of pounds to support Marine families has been banned by the Ministry of Defence.

Members of 40 Comando based in Norton Fitzwarren, Somerset had been sweating it out in the gym to tone up their muscles for the 2017 calendar, only to be stood down on the order of the MoD.

Scores of people getting excited about the boys from Norton Manor Camp flexing their muscles have taken to social media to protest at the high command flexing their muscles instead.

A statement by the Go Commando calendar organisers read: “Go Commando regrets that there will be no ‘Go Commando Calendar’ for 2017.

“The Royal Marines have forbidden serving Royal Marines from appearing in the calender.

“We would like to take this opportunity to thank all those Royal Marines who have appeared in this very popular calendar, which provided funds to support the Royal Marines families throughout the Corps.

“We would also like to thank the thousands of followers of the calendar for your loyal support to date.”

Former Royal Marine lieutenant colonel Kevin du Val, chairman of Go Commando, expressed his disappointment on the cover up ruling.

He said: “The calendar is a great fundraiser and a bit of fun.

“Every year we have had to apply to the MoD to use service personnel but this year they haven’t given permision.

“They felt it was sexualising the Royal Marines.

“I don’t agree with that.

“It’s disappointing but that’s life.”

Thousands of copies of the calendar have been sold since it first appeared in 2012, its most successful year, when it raised more than £100,00 for Go Commando, which supports Royal Marines and their families.

Mr du Val added: “We’ve got to go with what the military have said.

“We’ll see if we can change their minds, but it’s too late for 2017.

“We’re going to review it and might get some retired Royal Marines to pose for a calendar in 2018.”

Retired commandos posed for a previous calendar, although it failed to sell as well as other years.

Money from the next year’s calendar would have gone towards a £400,000 nursery and family community centre in Norton Fitzwarren available for use by the military and civilian population.

Over 40 people were upset by the news including Lynne Brittany who wrote: “Could serving Marines hide their faces behind something, eg. a basketball or tyre as the original ladies hid their assets behind cakes etc.

“After all, be truthful, it’s not faces being looked at.”

Susan Jones wrote: “So disappointed ans so will all my customers be too!.

” I haven’t thrown any of them away so with each new month they all get an airing!

“Could they not be done in such a way as to use silhouettes?

“The green beret could be highlighted maybe along with any weapons?

“Like others have said it seems such a shame when it raised money for a good cause.”

Allison Bristow wrote: “Very disappointing.

“The money it raises should be the main issue here!

“I fail to see the point of stopping a bit of fun that promotes an amazing group of people who are asked to put themselves in harms way to protect us all.”

Simon Ferguson said: “It’s a shame you don’t have the support of the Royal Marines command.

“They should hang their heads in shame.”

Write a one or two sentence summary.