Write a summary based on this article:

"Ms. Delgado was involved in the planning and the commission of the offense," Geron said. "It was a murder for hire," he said. 
  
 Hatcher was fatally shot in the parking garage of her upscale apartment building. Two days later, police arrested a suspect, 23-year-old Crystal Cortes. 
  
 Investigators have said Cortes was offered $500 to serve as a getaway driver in what was supposed to be a robbery, but the accomplice shot Hatcher instead. 
  
 Police, citing witnesses, said in search warrants that Delgado had ended a two-year relationship with Hatcher's boyfriend earlier in 2015. 
  
 Related: Could Love Triangle Be Behind Dallas Dentist's Killing? 
  
 Cortes allegedly told investigators that Delgado used a black iPhone "that was used to track the location of the complainant's cell phone" — referring to Hatcher — before the murder, according to the search warrants. 
  
 Geron would not comment Friday on whether a device was used to track Hatcher before she was killed. 
  
 Love is being held in lieu of $2.5 million bail on charges of capital murder and unlawful possession of firearm by a felon, Geron said. Love allegedly had the weapon believed to be used in the murder when he was arrested, Geron said. 
  
 Delgado has not yet been arrested. "All I will suggest to her specifically is that she turn herself in as quickly as possible," Geron said. “She is a fugitive wanted at this point for capital murder." ||||| Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Dallas police announced they have arrested the man suspected of fatally shooting Dr. Kendra Hatcher in the garage of her Uptown apartment complex last month. They also have issued an arrest warrant for the woman suspected of planning the crime. VPC 
  
 Kendra Hatcher (Photo: LinkedIn) 
  
 Police arrested a man for fatally shooting a popular Texas dentist and are searching for the woman suspected of paying him to carry out the murder, authorities said Friday. 
  
 Kristopher Love, 31, was arrested and charged with capital murder in the Sept. 2 death of Kendra Hatcher, Dallas police spokesman Max Geron said. When Love was arrested, he had the suspected murder weapon in his possession, police told reporters on Friday. Love, a former felon, was also charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. 
  
 A capital murder arrest warrant has also been issued for Brenda Delgado, 33, a woman who used to date Hatch er's boyfriend. Police said Delgado was involved in the planning and the commission of the murder. 
  
  
  
 Delgado dated Hatcher's boyfriend for two years, before the relationship ended in 2015. 
  
 According to the arrest warrant affidavit, Love admitted his role in the Sept. 2 slaying of Kendra Hatcher. He is being held on $2.5 million bond. 
  
 Brenda Delgado, seen here in a mugshot taken in Sept. 2015, after she was arrested on outstanding traffic warrants in Plano. (Photo: WFAA) 
  
 Maj. Geron encouraged Delgado to turn herself into authorities and said she is a fugitive at this time. 
  
 Hatcher was murdered in the parking lot of her apartment complex last month. 
  
 Delgado was questioned by police in early September as authorities investigated the case, but she was released. 
  
 She was mentioned numerous times in search warrants related to the case obtained after the arrest of Crystal Cortes, who police believe drove the alleged shooter to the Gables apartment complex. 
  
 Cortes remains in jail at this time, also charged with capital murder. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1L9ZZ5c |||||

Summary: