Kieran Chung practises his dribble in the back-garden ice rink his godfather had built for him. Kieran Chung longed to be an ace at ice hockey, but struggled to get to his local rink to practise. So his godfather decided to give the ten-year-old an early Christmas present – by building a private rink of his own. Robert Vickers spent £15,000 putting the 5m (16ft) by 11m (36ft) practice area in the garden of Kieran’s home. Mr Vickers, 61, a sales director of a plastics company, used a large gazebo to hide the construction work and told his godson they were building a garage. When it was ready they blindfolded Kieran before revealing the surprise. Mr Vickers said: ‘When we took it off, his face was a picture. He couldn’t grasp what he was seeing at first. He kept repeating, “I’ve got my own private ice rink, haven’t I”? 'There were tears in his eyes as he tried to take it all in. Until then, didn’t have a clue it was even possible. 'Now when he has friends over, they don’t spend time on the Xbox. They get out on the ice and have a skate on the rink, because you can walk straight out onto it from the house. 'Now the Christmas holidays have arrived, we will really be making the most of it.' Mr Vickers said he was inspired to build the rink by his own son who is bound to a wheelchair because of muscle dystrophy. 'Having a son in a wheelchair has made me realise that you have to do what you can for kids while you are here. 'Once today is gone, it will never come back. I simply get a buzz out of seeing kids and smiling while they are being so active. I’m happy if Kieran and his friends are happy,' he added. The all-weather rink is made of specially treated white plastic tiles and is '85 per cent' like skating on ice, the family said. And having a practice area at his home in Nuthall, Nottingham, has already paid off for Kieran, who plays for the Nottingham Tiger Cubs. His skating skills have improved so much he has been picked for several team trials. Ten-year-old Kieran and his friends have been making good use of the rink now that the school holidays have started, his godfather said. Kieran with his godfather Robert Vickers who said he was happy to gift him the ice rink for Christmas. Mr Vickers, who fears skating is becoming a lost skill as town centre rinks dwindle, said: ‘Now he can practise for hours after school, instead of travelling seven miles to the nearest municipal rink.’ Another mother keen for her children to master the art of skating built her children a rink in Southport. Emma Brain, a special needs teacher, unveiled the back-garden rink to her three children last week. The 43-year-old said: 'I drew the curtains back, and unveiled the rink. 'As you can imagine there was a lot of screaming. They couldn’t wait to get their skates on and get straight out onto the ice.’ Managing Director of Dundee-based company Home Ice Rink, which installs the small rinks in back gardens said the trend for home entertainment is growing. 'Household mini rinks are getting more popular each year, especially at Christmas time when parents want to give their kids something special. ‘Some of our customers have converted their basements, set up a mini hockey rink in their front gardens, or put just a few tiles on the decking in the yard. ‘They have all sorts of reasons for installing them – as unique gifts for children, somewhere to practice ice dancing, or just something fun for their kids to play on when friends pop over. When you have an ice rink at home, the door bell never stops ringing.’

What are highlight points for this article?