Education Secretary: Nicky Morgan said the Coalition would press ahead with its reforms to restore faith in A-levels among employers and universities. Education Secretary Nicky Morgan last night attacked Labour’s ‘flip flops’ over A-levels and pledged to push ahead with reforms to restore confidence in the exam. With this year’s exam results released tomorrow, she condemned her Labour counterpart for threatening to dismantle Coalition A-level reforms just two years after backing an overhaul. In a policy announcement yesterday, Labour education spokesman Tristram Hunt vowed to delay all A-level reforms until 2017 and allow teenagers once again to take controversial AS exams half-way through their courses. But the pledge came as details emerged of an interview with Mr Hunt two years ago, in which he decried AS-levels as a ‘waste of time’ and said he’d get rid of them because they created a ‘relentless examination system’. Mrs Morgan insisted the Coalition would press ahead with its reforms to restore faith in A-levels among employers and universities. ‘Parents, young people and teachers deserve better than Labour’s education flip-flops,’ she told the Mail. ‘Two years ago Tristram Hunt said he’d “get rid of AS-Levels” because they were a “waste of time”. Now he wants to keep them. ‘Labour’s plans to wind the clock back mean more exams and less learning. We agree with what Tristram said two years ago – that this is a waste of time. ‘Our reforms will ensure the qualifications young people work so hard for, once again, have the confidence of employers and universities.’ Under the current system, pupils sit AS-levels in the first year of the sixth-form and A2 exams in the second, with marks from both combining to produce the final A-level grade. Mrs Morgan’s predecessor, Michael Gove ordered AS-levels to be turned into standalone qualifications, with results no longer counting towards final A-level marks. Tests: Under the current system, pupils sit AS-levels in the first year of the sixth-form and A2 exams in the second, with marks from both combining to produce the final A-level grade (file picture) Most pupils will instead be examined at the end of their two-year A-level courses. Mr Gove also largely axed coursework and. ordered A-level courses to be rewritten with input from universities as. part of wider exam reforms due to be phased in from September 2015. Plans: Labour education spokesman Tristram Hunt vowed to delay all A-level reforms until 2017. But Labour disclosed yesterday it would delay all A-level reforms for two years to allow changes to GCSEs to bed in.  It will also scrap the centrepiece of the reforms – the downgrading of AS-levels. Mr Hunt, who will outline the plans in a speech next week, insisted the AS-level changes would ‘close the window of opportunity for many young people wanting to go to university’. The move would ‘turn the clock back on social mobility’ because disadvantaged pupils were in danger of losing out in university admissions without AS results behind them. ‘Having spoken to sixth formers across England, I know how valuable they find AS-levels in helping to shape their options and spur them on,’ he said. The pronouncement will fuel uncertainty in schools which are meant to start preparing to teach revamped A-levels from September this year, ahead of their introduction just four months after the May 2015 election. Dominic Cummings, who was a special adviser to Mr Gove, tweeted yesterday that Labour would in any case be unable to stop the reforms.

What are highlight points for this article?