Summarize the following:
In addition to benefits like weight loss, exercise has also been linked to fewer depressive symptoms and a lowered risk of heart disease. This means that keeping a regular exercise routine will keep you feeling uplifted, energized, and secure in your good health. If you find it difficult to find the motivation to begin, try starting small by adding brisk walks to your week. Then, you can gradually increase the amount of cardiovascular or strength training exercise to the degree that your lifestyle permits. Try to exercise in ways that increase your flexibility. This way you will learn to see your body as something that is always evolving and changing. Do you ever have those unbearably happy mornings? The type where you find yourself smiling at everyone on an early grocery run, for example? These experiences may actually change how you see yourself and how others see you, too. Compared to people who are not smiling, folks who tend to show their pearly whites more often are considered by others to be more sincere, social, and even competent. Even if you don't feel like it. It'll make you feel and look a lot happier! Remember that taking good care of your teeth is a great way to increase confidence in your smile. Brush and floss regularly, and reduce your risk of tooth decay by rinsing your mouth out after eating or drinking sugary foods. Spend as much time as possible doing things that let you see how talented and capable you are. A feeling of accomplishment is part of what creates the sort of beauty that emanates from within. This may seem obvious, but sometimes the things we're truly good at can slip away from us if a job or school responsibilities ask that we diverge from our talents. For example, if writing is your forte, craft poems and prose in your spare time. If you're brilliant at sports, join a team that plays on the weekends so that you'll always get your healthy dose of competition. Remember that healthy eating is not the same as going on a diet. Diets tend to be temporary and unsustainable in the long run. Eating well requires habits like introducing more fresh veggies, fruits, and whole grains to your shopping list, and cooking with a good degree of variety. If you're big on foods with lots of fat, sugar, and salt, consider cutting back significantly.  Because balance is key, treating yourself is also a part of eating well. If you're tempted by the occasional ice cream cone or pastry, don't deny yourself outright--this is where moderation comes in. Treating yourself will help you remember that how you treat yourself is a big part of the self-confidence that makes you radiant. When you are at ease, people will respond positively, making you feel attractive and present to others. Think about it--when you see someone who looks comfortable in her skin, you can't help but want to be a part of that relaxed way of being. The following are helpful practices that will slowly lower the amount of tension you habitually carry in your body:  Progressive muscle relaxation Yoga Intentional breathing If you feel physically uncomfortable in what you’re wearing, you will begin to develop an oppositional relationship to your body; in other words, a negative body image. Forcing yourself into clothes that don't fit well will make you see your body as too large or too small to wear what you want to wear. Especially for women, wearing well-fitting clothing can change your perception of yourself for the better, increasing your confidence related to emotional management, social skills, and work-related tasks.