Please answer the following question: Information:  - GloboNews is the news television channel of Grupo Globo , which is the first 24 - hour news channel on Brazilian television . It belongs to the group of pay - TV channels Globosat . Despite being a pay - TV channel , Globo News may be seen in Rio de Janeiro and its vicinity in the UHF channel 36 ( in clear audio and partially scrambled video ) . The channel was relaunched on October 18 , 2010 , with a new logo , a new slogan , `` Nunca desliga '' ( `` Never goes off '' ) , fewer repeats of their primetime programming during daytime , and more in - depth coverage , especially during daytime . A high - definition simulcast was launched on February 3 , 2013 , at 12:30 p.m. Brazilian Summer Time ( UTC - 02 ) .  - Brazil, officially the Federative Republic of Brazil, is the largest country in both South America and Latin America. As the world's fifth-largest country by both area and population, it is the largest country to have Portuguese as an official language and the only one in the Americas. Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of . It borders all other South American countries except Ecuador and Chile and covers 47.3% of the continent's land area. Its Amazon River basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats. This unique environmental heritage makes Brazil one of 17 megadiverse countries, and is the subject of significant global interest and debate regarding deforestation and environmental protection.  - GNT is a Brazilian cable/satellite television channel. Originally launched as GNT: Globosat News Television, a news and information network. With the launch of GloboNews, in 1996, the GNT acronym became meaningless, and the channel was focused on documentaries and talk shows. In 2003, the channel was once again repositioned, with increased female-oriented programming, such as successful talk show Saia Justa. However, some original GNT programs remain, such as Manhattan Connection, currently the longest-running original program on Brazilian cable television, though that program moved to GloboNews in January 2011.  - Grupo Globo, formerly known as Organizações Globo, is the largest mass media group of Latin America, founded in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in 1925 by Irineu Marinho. It also formerly owned companies on the food industry and the real estate and financial markets.  - Rio de Janeiro ("River of January"), or simply Rio, is the second-most populous municipality in Brazil and the sixth-most populous in the Americas. The metropolis is anchor to the Rio de Janeiro metropolitan area, the second-most populous metropolitan area in Brazil and sixth-most populous in the Americas. Rio de Janeiro is the capital of the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil's third-most populous state. Part of the city has been designated as a World Heritage Site, named ""Rio de Janeiro: Carioca Landscapes between the Mountain and the Sea"", by UNESCO on 1 July 2012 as a Cultural Landscape.  - Globosat is a multichannel cable and satellite TV service in Brazil, created in 1991, after the creation of cable and satellite TV services. It has also operated a channel in Portugal, TV Globo Portugal, having earlier operated a similar channel, GNT Portugal, until 2006. Globosat belongs to Grupo Globo.    What object entity has the relation of 'inception' with the subject 'globonews'?   Choices: - 1  - 17  - 1925  - 1991  - 1996  - 2006  - 2012  - july 2012
A: