Teacher:In this task, you are given a set of context paragraph and some supporting facts to answer a question. Your task is to generate answer for given question based on set of context paragraphs and supporting facts.
Teacher: Now, understand the problem? Solve this instance: Context_1 : Tim (Timothy John) Winton (born 4 August 1960) is a multi-award-winning Australian writer of novels, children's books, non-fiction books and short stories. Context_2 : Eugene Gladstone O'Neill (October 16, 1888 – November 27, 1953) was an American playwright and Nobel laureate in Literature. His poetically titled plays were among the first to introduce into American drama techniques of realism earlier associated with Russian playwright Anton Chekhov, Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen, and Swedish playwright August Strindberg. The drama "Long Day's Journey into Night" is often numbered on the short list of the finest American plays in the 20th century, alongside Tennessee Williams's "A Streetcar Named Desire" and Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman". Context_3 : An Open Swimmer was the first novel by multi-award-winning Australian author, Tim Winton. Winton wrote this novel while attending a creative writing course at Curtin University. In 1981 it won The Australian/Vogel Literary Award, and thereby kick-started Tim Winton's successful writing career. Context_4 : Down to Earth: Australian Landscapes is a non-fiction book by photographer Richard Woldendorp with an essay by multi-award winning Australian author Tim Winton originally published in 1999. The book is a collection of photographs of the Australian landscape, with an accompanying essay by Winton that examines his personal responses to the land. Context_5 : In The Winter Dark is a 1988 novel by multi-award-winning Australian author Tim Winton. Context_6 : The Turning is a collection of short stories by multi-award winning Australian author Tim Winton published in April 2005. Context_7 : The Boy Behind the Curtain (2016) is an autobiographical work by multi award-winning Australian author Tim Winton. Through a series of short stories he chronicles important events which helped to shape his life and his writing. Context_8 : That Eye, the Sky is a 1986 novel by multi-award winning Australian author Tim Winton. It follows the young protagonist Morton 'Ort' Flack, as he struggles to cope with life in a small country town after his father is paralyzed a serious car accident. After his father's accident, Ort is forced to step up and become the 'Man' of an increasingly complicated household. The situation becomes all the more convoluted with the introduction of the mysterious Henry Watburn, a dubious figure who says he has come to help. The story explores coming-of-age, and the complicated role religion plays in rural Australian life. Context_9 : Scission and Other Stories, sometimes simply "Scission", is a 1985 collection of short stories by multi award winning Australian author Tim Winton. Context_10 : The Collected Shorter Novels of Tim Winton is a collection of early short novels by award-winning Australian author Tim Winton. Published in 1995, it includes "An Open Swimmer", "That Eye, The Sky" and "In the Winter Dark". fact_1 : Tim (Timothy John) Winton (born 4 August 1960) is a multi-award-winning Australian writer of novels, children's books, non-fiction books and short stories. fact_2 : Eugene Gladstone O'Neill (October 16, 1888 – November 27, 1953) was an American playwright and Nobel laureate in Literature. Question: are Tim Winton and Eugene O'Neill from the same place
Student: