Write some highlights for the following article:

Father-of-one Stefan Noyce, 29, passed out in the middle of the road after a night out and was run over, an inquest heard. A council worker downed so many shots of Sambuca and Jagermeister he passed out in the middle of the road and was run over, an inquest heard. Father-of-one Stefan Noyce, 29, was four-and-a-half times the drink-drive limit and in a state of 'extreme drunkenness' when he walked into a carriageway and lay down after a night out. Moments later motorist Chelcie Hunt, 18, struck the drunk pub-goer in her Mazda 121 on an unlit stretch of road in Wareham, Dorset, causing him fatal head injuries. She said she did not see the victim as he was wearing dark clothes and thought her car had hit an animal in the road on the night of June 15 last year. 'I was driving along and then when I got to the dark bit, where there are no lights in the road, I felt like I had gone over something,' she told a hearing at Bournemouth Coroner's Court. 'I just thought I had hit an animal or something.' The keen fisherman who had taken part in a TV series, Ocean Heroes, was described him as being in 'high spirits' by witnesses who saw him drinking shots at the Antelope Inn and Black Bear pub in Wareham. He was found lying on a pavement in Wareham at around 12.15am in an 'intoxicated and unconscious state', but he refused offers for a taxi. Witnesses watched him walk towards the nearby village of Stoborough, where he was staying the night with his grandmother, and lost sight of him as he entered the unlit portion of the road. The fatal collision happened 10 minutes later on the B3075 linking Stoborough to Wareham and Miss was found to have been within the 30mph speed limit. Police investigations showed Mr Noyce, who had a 10-year-old son, Blake, would only have been illuminated by the car headlights for one second before the collision. The keen fisherman who had taken part in a TV series, Ocean Heroes, was described him as being in 'high spirits' by witnesses who saw him drinking in the pub before the incident, pictured on a boat in Norway. He was described as a 'perfect gentleman' by his mother and leaves behind a 10-year-old son. Forensic pathologist Dr Basil Purdue said Mr Noyce's fatal head injuries suggested he was lying on the ground when he was hit and the 328mg of alcohol in his blood would have left him in a state of 'extreme drunkenness'. Richard Middleton, the assistant coroner for Dorset, said Mr Noyce's dark clothes and the unlit road may have been additional factors in his death. He said he was satisfied Miss Hunt had been driving carefully and was not speeding and ruled that Mr Noyce died 'as a result of a very tragic collision'. Mr Noyce's mother Paula Haden, who lives at Bovington, said: 'To me he was perfect. I am so proud of Stefan. I want the world to know what a lovely boy he was. 'He was just such a real gentleman. I was amazed at how many hearts he touched.' Before the accident he had worked for Dorset Waste Partnership and spent hours gardening for neighbours. He was hailed a hero as a teenager when he helped save the life of an elderly woman drowning in the River Frome. He had fished in Norway and worked for Dorset Waste Partnership before the incident in June lat year, pictured during filming for Ocean Heroes. Forensic pathologist Dr Basil Purdue said Mr Noyce's fatal head injuries suggested he was lying on the ground when he was hit, pictured on a boat in Norway. Flowers lie  by the side of the B3075 South Causeway near Wareham after the 29-year-old was killed.