By. Craig Hope. PUBLISHED:. 15:24 EST, 4 January 2014. |. UPDATED:. 08:38 EST, 5 January 2014. Should Walcott be charged by FA for taunting Spurs fans? Theo Walcott teased Tottenham Hotspur supporters with a 2-0 scoreline gesture as he was stretchered from the action during Arsenal’s FA Cup victory at the Emirates Stadium. The Gunners were leading thanks to goals from Santi Cazorla and Tomas Rosicky when, with seven minutes remaining, Walcott made the cheeky hand signal to the visiting fans. The Football Association may choose to take action against Walcott for his taunt, while Tottenham may also come under fire after their supporters showered him with objects. Cheeky: Theo Walcott leaves the game on a stretcher and reminds the Spurs fans of the 2-0 scoreline. All smiles: Walcott cannot hide his grin as he makes the gesture, to the delight of Arsenal's fans. Two good: Arsenal were comfortable victors as they booked their place in the fourth round. Satisfaction: Walcott continued to tease the visiting fans as he made his way around the pitch. They had responded with a hail of coins, as well as a lighter, a plastic cup and a bread bun. But Walcott, who had been forced off with a leg injury, appeared unconcerned and was smiling ear to ear despite the irritation caused. He then donned a scarf thrown to him by a member of the home support who were thrilled with their player's jibe. Walcott’s team-mate Wojciech Szczesny also got in on the act and posted a picture mimicking the gesture on his Instagram account. Handy: Wojciech Szczesny copies Walcott's cheeky gesture in this instagram post. Money shot: A matchday steward holds a handful of coins that were thrown in the direction of Walcott. Target: A lighter, a bread roll and a plastic cup were all hurled towards Walcott. The Football Association will wait until receiving the match report of referee Mark Clattenburg before deciding whether the Walcott incident warrants investigation. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, however, moved to diffuse the situation. 'The doctors said to me that the coins had been raining over his (Walcott's) head and they had to protect him, maybe that is why he did that. Yes (the coins came before the gesture) that is what I have been told,' said Wenger. 'After that, what he did is not offensive. You look for every single incident, I can understand that, but it is an action that didn't offend anybody. Angry: Some of the visiting fans were incensed by Walcott's cheeky scoreline. 'I have seen the pictures after the game and it does not even look aggressive, he is smiling.' Last month, Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere was suspended for two matches after television pictures showed him making an obscene hand gesture towards Manchester City supporters in the 6-3 defeat at Manchester City. Wenger, though, maintained this situation did not merit any disciplinary action. 'My response will be simple, they (FA) have seen the pictures on television. If they judge it offensive, what can I say?' the Arsenal boss added. Injury: Walcott was taken off on a stretcher towards the end of the FA Cup victory. Tottenham manager Tim Sherwood, meanwhile, revealed in his post-match press conference he had not witnessed the incidents. Sherwood said: 'Someone just mentioned it to me in there. I didn't see it. 'Is that what he did? Well, listen I don't know Theo, I don't know him as a lad. It could have been a bit of banter, possibly. 'If they (Tottenham fans) did then it's a problem, isn't it? If they didn't then it's not a problem.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: