Please briefly summarize this news article:

No Letup on the Right to Choose

Wendy Davis, a Texas state senator, got national attention last week for her marathon filibuster against an extremist package of abortion restrictions. Ms. Davis’s dramatic gesture is unlikely to stop the hard-right Texas Legislature from passing the bill, and there are many similar measures around the country that are part of a nonstop attack on women’s reproductive rights by Republican lawmakers and anti-abortion groups.

But her uprising, which shot around the country on Twitter and the rest of the social Web, showed that Democrats can fight back against the anti-abortion-rights campaign. It is already showing signs of revitalizing a somnambulant Texas Democratic Party, and it should inspire abortion-rights advocates everywhere.

Last Tuesday, talking for more than 11 hours, Ms. Davis actually blocked passage of the new abortion restrictions by essentially running out the clock on a special legislative session. Her victory may prove to be short-lived. Texas’s Republican governor, Rick Perry, has called another special session beginning on Monday to try to resurrect the bill.

The measure, a grab bag of constitutionally dubious ideas from other places, would give Texas one of the strictest abortion laws in the nation, and that is saying a lot these days. If enacted, it would ban abortions at 20 weeks post-fertilization; there would be no rape exception, and a narrow physical health exception would jeopardize women’s lives by requiring risk to a “major bodily function” before a woman could terminate a pregnancy.

Other provisions would require abortion clinics to meet the same standards as hospital-style surgical centers, including specifications for parking spaces and janitors’ closets, and mandate that a doctor who performs abortions have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital. These medically unnecessary rules could result in the closing of all but 5 of 42 clinics in the state that now provide abortion services.

In other parts of the country, supposedly “small-government” Republicans are mandating government interference with a woman’s personal and complex childbearing decisions. Some 40 new abortion restrictions have been enacted so far this year in 13 states, according to the Guttmacher Institute.

In New York, legislators defeated a measure proposed by the Democratic governor, Andrew Cuomo, that essentially would have enshrined the reproductive rights guaranteed by Roe v. Wade into state law.

In Ohio, an egregious measure tucked into the state budget would bar a public hospital from entering into an agreement to take emergency patients from abortion clinics, which are required under state law to have such an agreement.

In Washington, the Republican majority in the House of Representatives voted for a federal 20-week abortion ban, a present to the party’s right flank that, fortunately, stands to go nowhere in the Democratic-led Senate.

Wendy Davis’s filibuster is a reminder of the need for engagement by elected officials and voters to prevent further restrictions that trample on the rights and health of women.

With so many damaging restrictions already on the books, though, much also depends on the courts to do their job and insist on respect for existing constitutional protections. That includes the Supreme Court, which has tentatively accepted a case for next term testing the validity of Oklahoma’s effective ban on a safe and common first-trimester abortion method that uses prescription medication.

Summary: