What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Good punches are efficient punches, transferring power to your opponent with grace and ease. While you should work on training your speed and endurance, better technique will always lead to a better boxer. While doing the following drills, focus on:  Leading with your elbow. Think of throwing your elbow at your opponent, not your wrist. Staying compact. You don't want to flail or move your body unnecessarily. Keep your non-punching hand close and your legs sturdily underneath you. Letting your arms rest and move during breaks. When you're not punching, leave your arms loose, or "breathing," so that they rock comfortably with your body. Don't try and clench and hold them rigidly-- it will only tire you out faster. . Speed bags hang from the ceiling and require you to develop a strong, consistent rhythm to your punches. You hit with a regular, circular motion, keeping your hands and the bag moving. This is one of the best ways to build your endurance, connection, and coordination with your hands. Run the speed bag for 3-5 3-minute sessions, resting 30 seconds between each interval. The heavy bag ( the enormous hanging bag for punch training) is going to become your best friend. You want to hit it for 3-5 minutes, punching like you would in a fight. However, make sure you're not just standing there trying to hit. Stay on the balls of your feet, keep moving like in a real fight, and stop occasionally to duck, dodge, and block, like you would in a real fight. In general, the more like the real thing you can make it, the better the workout will be. For a more tiring workout, give the bag a swing before beginning. This forces you to focus in on a moving target. Using a heavy bag, take 30 seconds to throw as many punches as you possibly can. Focus on speed, not power, as you throw the punches. After 30 seconds, rest for 30 seconds and then repeat 4-5 more times. You can choose to lift or simply use you body weight to build muscle. No matter what your style, mix in 2-3 days of strength training every week, cutting down to 1 on fight weeks. Luckily, boxing is so muscle intensive that you will be making gains each time you spar, fight, or shadowbox as well, so strength training should not be the focus of your workouts. Aim for big, multi-muscle exercises to build the most muscle the fastest. Some good exercises to try include:   Body weight: If you can't go to the gym, are under 16 years old, or just would rather not lift weights, there are plenty of great exercises to try:   Push-ups, close-handed and wide stance. Dips Do front and side planks. Try body-weight rows, or inverted rows. Pull-ups and chin-ups.    Weight lifting: Focus on smooth, fluid technique. You want to move both up and down with control for the safest, best results.  Rows, seated and standing Bench press Shoulder raises and flies  Bicep curls. A great tool for beginners, slow sparring takes all of your work into the ring for a safe, technique focused exercise. It is just like normal sparring with a partner, but you want to throw punches at 75% of your normal speed. This is the best way to work up your opposite hand, focus on techniques or moves that you don't have down yet, and build up confidence in the ring. Since you have to react to a live fighter, even at a slow pace, this is a great way build essential skills. Focus on coordination -- follow through on your punches, keep your feet moving, and focus on hand positioning in all circumstances. All of your body parts should be moving in concert with one another.