Q: Louis XIV (Louis Dieudonné; 5 September 1638 -- 1 September 1715), known as Louis the Great (Louis le Grand) or the Sun King (Roi Soleil), was a monarch of the House of Bourbon who reigned as King of France from 1643 until his death in 1715. Starting on 14 May 1643 when Louis was 4 years old, his reign of 72 years and 110 days is the longest recorded of any monarch of a sovereign country in European history. In the age of absolutism in Europe, Louis XIV's France was a leader in the growing centralisation of power.

Who was called the king of the sun?
A: Louis XIV ( Louis Dieudonné ; 5 September 1638 -- 1 September 1715 ) , known as Louis the Great ( Louis le Grand ) or the Sun King ( Roi Soleil ). How to explain the answer? The relevant sentence in the passage is: Louis XIV (Louis Dieudonné; 5 September 1638 -- 1 September 1715), known as Louis the Great (Louis le Grand) or the Sun King (Roi Soleil), was a monarch of the House of Bourbon who reigned as King of France from 1643 until his death in 1715.

Q: Scar is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 32nd animated feature film The Lion King (1994). The character is voiced by English actor Jeremy Irons, while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and American actor Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice. Subsequently, Scar makes minor appearances in the film's sequel The Lion King II: Simba's Pride (1998) and The Lion King 11⁄2 (2004), in both of which he is voiced entirely by Cummings, as well as appearing in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, in which the role of Scar was originated by American actor John Vickery.

Answer this question: who is the voice of scar on lion king?
A: Jeremy Irons. How to explain the answer? To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The character is voiced by English actor Jeremy Irons, while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and American actor Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice.

Q: Thomas Jefferson had "potatoes served in the French manner" at a White House dinner in 1802. The expression "French fried potatoes" first occurred in print in English in the 1856 work Cookery for Maids of All Work by E. Warren: "French Fried Potatoes. -- Cut new potatoes in thin slices, put them in boiling fat, and a little salt; fry both sides of a light golden brown colour; drain." This account referred to thin, shallow-fried slices of potato -- it is not clear where or when the now familiar deep-fried batons or fingers of potato were first prepared. In the early 20th century, the term "French fried" was being used in the sense of "deep-fried" for foods like onion rings or chicken.

Where did they get the name french fries?
A: first occurred in print in English in the 1856 work Cookery for Maids of All Work by E. Warren. How to explain the answer? To answer the question, consider the following: The expression "French fried potatoes" first occurred in print in English in the 1856 work Cookery for Maids of All Work by E. Warren: "French Fried Potatoes.

Q: William December "Billy Dee" Williams Jr. (born April 6, 1937) is an American actor, artist, singer, and writer. He is best known for his role as Lando Calrissian in the Star Wars film franchise. Williams has also appeared in critically acclaimed films like Brian's Song, Lady Sings the Blues, Mahogany, Nighthawks, and Batman; in which he played Harvey Dent.

Answer this question: who is the actor that played lando calrissian?
A: