By. Emma Glanfield. A senior aide within Ed Miliband’s office who was blamed for the leader's embarrassing Hillsborough gaffe has become embroiled in an alleged bullying row, it has emerged. Anna Yearley, the Labour leader’s political secretary, has been accused of bullying Gemma Tumelty - a junior member of staff who worked as the party’s stakeholder relations manager. Ms Yearley, 35, is alleged to have treated the 33-year-old poorly, resulting in her leaving the party office last month, inside sources reportedly claimed. Anna Yearley (pictured), the Labour leader¿s political secretary, has been accused of bullying Gemma Tumelty - a junior member of staff who worked as the party's stakeholder relations manager. Ms Tumelty, the former president of the National Union of Students, is said to have received a ‘pay-off’ and signed a confidentiality agreement, The Times reported. It is alleged senior figures received an email informing them Ms Tumelty had resigned for family reasons and staff were asked not to contact her. Ms Yearley, who remains in post, works closely with Mr Miliband and acts as a liaison between the Labour leader and MPs. She became head of his political office after serving on his leadership campaign in 2010 and has previously worked as a member of Gordon Brown’s political staff. A spokesman speaking on behalf of the Labour party told MailOnline today: ‘We do not comment on staffing matters' and said Ms Yearley would not be making any comment on the matter. Gemma Tumelty, 33, who is the former president of the National Union of Students, is said to have received a 'pay-off' and signed a confidentiality agreement before leaving the position last month, it has been claimed. Ms Tumelty declined to comment when approached by The Times. The allegations come after Mr Miliband was forced to apologise last week after posing with a copy of The Sun. The Labour leader, who boasted of standing up to Mr Murdoch during the phone hacking scandal, attempted to mend fences in the run-up to the next election by posing with a World Cup souvenir edition of the tabloid. But the picture provoked anger among Labour activists, particularly in Liverpool, where the newspaper is boycotted due to its coverage of the 1989 Hillsborough disaster. Ms Yearley was blamed for failing to predict the political fallout and the Labour leader was forced to issue an humiliating apology, saying he was ‘very, very sorry’ for causing offence. The apology capped a dismal week for the party leader. His new slogan ‘Hardworking Britain Better Off’ was condemned as ‘divisive’ at a meeting of Labour’s ruling national Executive Committee (NEC). Ms Yearley was blamed for failing to predict the political fallout after Labour leader Ed Miliband came under fire for posing with a copy of The Sun, which provoked anger among Labour activists, particularly in Liverpool. NEC member Ann Black said a poll she conducted of more than 200 party members found that 98 per cent ‘hated’ it because it appeared to criticise the unemployed. She said activists described the slogan as ‘divisive, meaningless’ and ‘sounding like a Tory slogan’. On immigration, senior Labour MP John Mann said that the ‘metropolitan elite’ had no idea about its impact on the lives of ordinary people. He accused Miliband and other members of the leadership of living ‘different lives to the voters whose support they need’. He also said the Labour leadership was ‘reluctant to recognise the downsides’ of mass immigration. MailOnline has contacted Ms Tumelty for comment.
Summarize the highlights of this article.