Summarize this article:

Two women are dead as a result of an apparent kidnapping followed by a murder/suicide on Interstate 20 near Heflin. 
  
 The two were found in a black 2000 Dodge Durango near the 208 mile marker. Sgt. Steve Jarrett with the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency said that after a brief stand-off with police, the driver shot the passenger, then herself. 
  
 Multiple media outlets are reporting that the victim has been identified as 49-year-old Sandra Barnett of Ellenwood, Ga., who was abducted Wednesday from her home. Barnett was reportedly kidnapped by her husband's mistress, according to Clayton County Police. The other woman's name has not been released. 
  
 Chief Deputy Brad Robinson of the Carroll County Sheriff's Office in Georgia said authorities began chasing the Durango after receiving a notification of the vehicle's description in connection with the abduction out of Clayton County. 
  
 "We were told the vehicle might be in the area as part of a possible kidnapping, with both the suspect and victim inside," Robinson said. 
  
 Deputies with Carroll County spotted the Durango exiting a service station off Interstate 20, attempted to stop the vehicle and began a chase onto the Interstate. 
  
 Alabama authorities got notification around 11:30 a.m. of the chase, Jarrett said. Upon entering Alabama, Carroll County deputies dropped back into a support position, until the chase stopped near Heflin. 
  
 "I don't think any shots were fired by any law enforcement," Robinson said. 
  
 The incident is under investigation by ALEA. ||||| Thank you for reading 7 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 7 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription at this time and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 256-236-1551. You need an online service to view this article in its entirety. 
  
 Have an online subscription? Login Now Need an online subscription? Already a Print Subscriber? 
  
 Current print subscribers 1 Anniston Star Print Subscriber Access This service allows you continued access past our online paywall for the duration of your subscription. 
  
 Need an account? Create one now. ||||| HEFLIN, Ala. (AP) — A woman was abducted by her husband's mistress in suburban Atlanta and then shot in what authorities called a murder-suicide after a freeway pursuit into Alabama, police said Thursday. 
  
 Sandra Barnett, 49, of Ellenwood, Georgia, was abducted from her home Wednesday, Clayton County Police Officer Charlene Fraser said. Clayton County police distributed a lookout bulletin for a black Dodge Durango the woman was taken away in, Fraser said. 
  
 The vehicle was spotted Thursday morning in west Georgia and deputies from the Carroll County Sheriff's office and other Georgia law enforcement agencies chased it along I-20 into Alabama, said Carroll County Chief Deputy Sheriff Brad Robinson. 
  
 The SUV stopped at mile marker 208 on a stretch of the freeway in Cleburne County, Alabama, and a standoff ensued, Alabama Law Enforcement Agency spokesman Steve Jarrett said in an emailed statement. 
  
 Fraser said the kidnapping suspect reached into the backseat, grabbed a gun and shot Barnett before shooting herself. Both women were dead inside the SUV when authorities approached it, Robinson said. 
  
 The abduction was reported by one of Barnett's relatives, Fraser said. Fraser also said the suspect was the mistress of Barnett's husband. Authorities have not yet released the suspect's name. |||||