Q: Context: In April 2005, the show was revised slightly. Aside from numerous tweakings to the script, there are slight differences in the revised version's musical numbers. Chief among these is a brand new song opening Act II called "Still Rockin."' Other changes include the removal of the' rap' "Dancing is not a Crime". Only the very first section of the rap is used and right before "Mama Says" instead of during the Town Council meeting. Ren gives a speech instead during the meeting. Also, the Reverend's song "I Confess" has also been removed and replaced with a much longer and more emotional scene with Ren after the Town Council meeting and a short reprise of "Heaven Help Me" sung by Reverend Moore alone. Furthermore, the show now begins with Rusty, Wendy Jo, and Urleen singing the opening of "Footloose" instead of Ren and the boys, and during "Learning to be Silent" Ariel sings with Vi and Ethel during the song.

Question: who sings learning to be silent in footloose?
A: Ariel sings with Vi and Ethel. How to explain the answer? The relevant information to answer the above question is: Furthermore, the show now begins with Rusty, Wendy Jo, and Urleen singing the opening of "Footloose" instead of Ren and the boys, and during "Learning to be Silent" Ariel sings with Vi and Ethel during the song.

Q: John J. Crittenden and other unionist Congressmen organized the 1860 Constitutional Union Convention, which met in May 1860. The convention nominated John Bell of Tennessee for President and Edward Everett of Massachusetts for Vice President. Crittenden, Sam Houston, William Alexander Graham and William Cabell Rives also received support for the party's presidential nomination at the convention. In the 1860 presidential election, Bell took 12.6 % of the popular vote and won three slave states. Most of Bell's support came from former Southern Whigs or Know Nothings.

Answer this question: who represented the constitutional union party in 1860?
A: John Bell of Tennessee for President and Edward Everett of Massachusetts for Vice President. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: The convention nominated John Bell of Tennessee for President and Edward Everett of Massachusetts for Vice President.

Q: Set in Massachusetts, in the fictional town of Marshport, the series tells the story of the Diaz family, specifically focusing on Harley, the middle of the seven children. Harley makes her way using her creativity to deal with living in a large family.

Answer this question based on the passage: where does stuck in the middle take place?
A: in Massachusetts , in the fictional town of Marshport. How to explain the answer? The important part for answering this question is: Set in Massachusetts, in the fictional town of Marshport, the series tells the story of the Diaz family, specifically focusing on Harley, the middle of the seven children.

Q: Context: Norris is an English surname. In some cases it is derived from the Middle English norreis, noreis, norais; and the Anglo-Norman French noreis. In such cases the surname derived from elements meaning "northerner", and referred to people from Norway, and northern England and Scotland. In other cases, the surname is derved from the Middle English personal name Norreis, which is in turn derived from norreis. In other cases the surname is derived from the Middle English norice, nurice; and the Old French norrice, nurrice. In such cases, the surname is derived from elements meaning "nurse", "foster parent".

Question: where does the last name norris come from?
A: