By. Daily Mail Reporter. PUBLISHED:. 17:07 EST, 11 January 2013. |. UPDATED:. 17:08 EST, 11 January 2013. A couple is planning to file a civil lawsuit against their neighbour after he shot dead their beloved pet dog when it ran into his backyard. Judy and Fred Galietta heard two shots after their six-year-old Brittany Spaniel, Sadie, ran into the backyard of retired police officer Christopher Gibbons' Hampstead, New Hampshire home. 'When I got to her, I knew she was dead,' Judy Galietta told WHDH. 'I lifted up her head and there was nothing. It's like losing a child. She was our life.' But Mr Gibbons claims the animal was pestering his pet rabbits and saw he had no choice but to shoot it dead - and police have revealed that the law is on his side. Scroll down for video. Battle: Christopher Gibbons, left, shot dead Judy Galietta's beloved dog after it went into his garden. He said he awoke on Saturday morning. to find the dog barking at the two pet rabbits he keeps in a pen in his back. garden, and feared the noise might give them heart attacks. 'I went to the window and looked and saw. and the dog was running round and round and round the cage jumping up on it and. clawing it,' he said. When screaming at the dog did make it stop, Mr Gibbons grabbed his AR-15 assault rifle and fired a warning shot from his second floor bedroom window before aiming for animal. 'I shot one round into the dog and killed the dog,' he said. Police said that Gibbons called 911 immediately after shooting the dog to report the incident, and initially claimed he did not know the animal. Killed: The Galiettas believe he shot dead their pet, Sadie, as revenge for their complaints about his noise. Scene: But Mr Gibbons said the dog was barking at and scaring his rabbits in this outdoor cage. But the Galiettas. insist he recognised the dog, who ran around their garden in summer. They said they think he aimed for the dog as they've previously. complained about Gibbons' target shooting. Lt. John Frazier from the Hampstead Police Department said: '[He] probably could have handled it a little bit differently, be more neighbour-like. But what he did is not illegal.' State. law dictates that 'any person may kill a dog that is… out of the care. of its owner… worrying, wounding, or killing sheep, lambs, fowl, or. other domestic animals'. There has been some contention over the exact meaning of the word 'worrying' and the Galiettas are now calling on lawmakers to scrap it from the law. Missed: The Galiettas said Sadie, a six-year-old Brittany Spaniel, was like a child to them. Sadness: Judy and Fred Galietta plan on filing a civil lawsuit against Gibbons and asked for a change in the law. In light of the incident, Rep. John. Sedensky said on Thursday that he plans to call a meeting with local. legislators to see if the law should be changed due to the different. interpretation of 'worrying'. Sen. Jim Rausch said the term 'worrying' was included to protect livestock, especially sheep, in situations where they may be chased by dogs, causing them damage while not being attacked. 'There is a legitimate reason for that terminology,' he said. 'It's not the law that's wrong, it's people not behaving.' He added: 'This situation just highlights that we. have individuals who use no common sense. This should have been resolved. in a manner of good neighborly relations. I'm sure that dog would have. gone back home if it was scolded. There was no need to shoot it.' Video: Couple's heartbreak as neighbour shoots dead their dog. WHDH-TV -.
What are the important parts of this article?