Question: Information:  - Yosemite National Park is a national park spanning portions of Tuolumne, Mariposa and Madera counties in Northern California. The park, which is managed by the National Park Service, covers an area of and reaches across the western slopes of the Sierra Nevada mountain range. About 4 million people visit Yosemite each year: most spend the majority of their time in the seven square miles (18 km) of Yosemite Valley. Designated a World Heritage Site in 1984, Yosemite is internationally recognized for its granite cliffs, waterfalls, clear streams, giant sequoia groves, lakes, mountains, glaciers, and biological diversity. Almost 95% of the park is designated wilderness. Yosemite was central to the development of the national park idea. First, Galen Clark and others lobbied to protect Yosemite Valley from development, ultimately leading to President Abraham Lincoln's signing the Yosemite Grant in 1864. Later, John Muir led a successful movement to establish a larger national park encompassing not just the valley, but surrounding mountains and forests as wellpaving the way for the United States national park system.  - Abraham Lincoln (February 12, 1809  April 15, 1865) was an American politician and lawyer who served as the 16th President of the United States from March 1861 until his assassination in April 1865. Lincoln led the United States through its Civil Warits bloodiest war and perhaps its greatest moral, constitutional, and political crisis. In doing so, he preserved the Union, abolished slavery, strengthened the federal government, and modernized the economy.  - Cary Anthony Stayner ( August 13 , 1961 ) is an American serial killer convicted of the murders of four women between February and July 1999 : Carole Sund , her teenaged daughter Juli Sund and their teenaged traveling companion Silvina Pelosso , and Yosemite Institute naturalist Joie Ruth Armstrong . The murders occurred in Mariposa County , California , near Yosemite National Park . Stayner 's early family life was marked by the abduction of his younger brother , Steven , a kidnapping victim of convicted child molester , Kenneth Parnell . Cary Stayner was sentenced to death for the four murders , and remains , as of June 2015 , awaiting execution on death row at San Quentin Penitentiary in California .  - John Muir (April 21, 1838  December 24, 1914) also known as "John of the Mountains", was a Scottish-American naturalist, author, environmental philosopher and early advocate of preservation of wilderness in the United States. His letters, essays, and books telling of his adventures in nature, especially in the Sierra Nevada of California and Nevada, have been read by millions. His activism helped to preserve the Yosemite Valley, Sequoia National Park and other wilderness areas. The Sierra Club, which he founded, is a prominent American conservation organization. The John Muir Trail, a hiking trail in the Sierra Nevada, was named in his honor. Other such places include Muir Woods National Monument, Muir Beach, John Muir College, Mount Muir, Camp Muir and Muir Glacier. In Scotland, the John Muir Way, a 130-mile-long route, was named in honor of him.  - Kenneth Eugene Parnell (September 26, 1931  January 21, 2008) was an American convicted sex offender, known infamously for his kidnapping of seven-year-old Steven Stayner in Merced, California.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'brother' with the subject 'cary stayner'.  Choices: - abraham  - john muir  - steven stayner
Answer: