Student A:Context: Common-law marriage in the United States can still be contracted in the District of Columbia as well as in the following nine states: Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Montana, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, and Utah.

Question: what are the common law states in the united states?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Common-law marriage in the United States can still be contracted in the District of Columbia as well as in the following nine states: Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Montana, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, and Utah.
Colorado , Iowa , Kansas , Montana , Oklahoma , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas , and Utah.

Problem:Fifteen years after the original recording, Luther Vandross and Cheryl Lynn re-recorded it for her album Instant Love and made the song a R&B top five smash peaking at number four in 1982 on the Billboard Hot R&B Singles chart.

Based on this passage, who sings if this world were mine with luther?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Fifteen years after the original recording, Luther Vandross and Cheryl Lynn re-recorded it for her album Instant Love and made the song a R&B top five smash peaking at number four in 1982 on the Billboard Hot R&B Singles chart.
Cheryl Lynn.

Student A:The drinking age in Wisconsin is 21. Those under the legal drinking age may be served, possess, or consume alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian, or spouse who is of legal drinking age. Those age 18-20 may also be served, possess or consume alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian, or spouse who is of legal drinking age. Those age 18 to 20 may also possess (but not consume) alcohol as part of their employment.

Based on this passage, how old do you have to be to drink in wisconsin with a parent?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Those age 18-20 may also be served, possess or consume alcohol if they are with a parent, legal guardian, or spouse who is of legal drinking age.
age 18 - 20.

Problem:The EEC was also known as the Common Market in the English-speaking countries and sometimes referred to as the European Community even before it was officially renamed as such in 1993.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did the common market become the eec?
Solution:OK... The important part for answering this question is: The EEC was also known as the Common Market in the English-speaking countries and sometimes referred to as the European Community even before it was officially renamed as such in 1993.
1993.

Student A:Context: Overall, there have been 50 different official champions, with John Cena having the most reigns at thirteen. Seven men in history have held the championship for a continuous reign of one year (365 days) or more: Bruno Sammartino, Pedro Morales, Bob Backlund, Hulk Hogan, Randy Savage, John Cena, and CM Punk.

Question: who has the most championship belts in wwe?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Overall, there have been 50 different official champions, with John Cena having the most reigns at thirteen.
John Cena.

Student A:"Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree" is a song by Dawn featuring Tony Orlando. It was written by Irwin Levine and L. Russell Brown and produced by Hank Medress and Dave Appell, with Motown / Stax backing vocalist Telma Hopkins, Joyce Vincent Wilson and her sister Pamela Vincent on backing vocals. It was a worldwide hit for the group in 1973.

Who sang tie a yellow ribbon round an old oak tree?
Student B: