Information:  - Ambermoon is a 1993 video game by Thalion Software which was released in 1993 for the Amiga. It was the second part of the unfinished "Amber Trilogy" ("Amberstar", released in 1992, being the first). At the time of the game's release, the scrolling 3D graphics were considered revolutionary for the Amiga.  - The Atari ST is a line of home computers from Atari Corporation and the successor to the Atari 8-bit family. The initial ST model, the 520ST, saw limited release in the spring of 1985 and was widely available in July. The Atari ST is the first personal computer to come with a bit-mapped color GUI, using a version of Digital Research's GEM released in February 1985. The 1040ST, released in 1986, is the first personal computer to ship with a megabyte of RAM in the base configuration and also the first with a cost-per-kilobyte of less than US$1.  - Dragonflight is a science fiction novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. It is the first book in the "Dragonriders of Pern" series. "Dragonflight" was first published by Ballantine Books in July 1968. It is a fix-up of novellas, including two which made McCaffrey the first woman to win a Hugo or Nebula Award.  - The Amber Trilogy was an unfinished series of role - playing video games by Thalion Software . Unfortunately , due to the collapse of Thalion , only two of the games ( Amberstar and Ambermoon ) were ever released , and Ambermoon only in a German version ( although , years later , an English version emerged which appeared to have been finished by Thalion immediately before the company closed down ; the version of the release is 1.07 , while the last German version apparently was 1.05 ) . The games were set in a fictional world called Lyramion . In Amberstar , the character is on a quest to defeat a demon by collecting an artifact called the Amberstar , which had been divided into 13 pieces and scattered all across the world . In Ambermoon , Lyramion has collided with its third moon , dividing it into a number of smaller islets . 90 years has passed since the events in Amberstar took place , and the character is the grandson of the main character in Amberstar ( the game starts with the old dying man passing on his knowledge to the character ) . The title of what was supposed to be the third and final game was disclosed by game creator Karsten Köper as being Ambersun .  - Amberstar was the first installment in Thalion Software's never-finished Amber Trilogy, a role-playing video game franchise. Although considerably more advanced, the game had many similarities to Thalion's earlier game DragonFlight, and was by many fans thought to be a "sequel" to this game. However, as with most of Thalion's other releases, the public interest was somewhat limited.  - Thalion Software was a personal computer game company, during the time of the 16-bit home computers, like the Atari ST and Amiga.  - The Amiga is a family of personal computers sold by Commodore in the 1980s and 1990s. Based on the Motorola 68000 family of microprocessors, the machine has a custom chipset with graphics and sound capabilities that were unprecedented for the price, and a pre-emptive multitasking operating system called AmigaOS. The Amiga provided a significant upgrade from earlier 8-bit home computers, including Commodore's own C64.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'amber trilogy' exhibits the relationship of 'publication date'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1  - 16  - 1968  - 1986  - 1992  - 1993  - 8  - july 1968