A black fire captain is being disciplined after posting death threats about Hispanic teenagers who he believed had broken into his car. Captain Lary Batiste is under investigation after he posted the threats on his Facebook page. He is said to have addressed the post to 'All parents who have Hispanic male teenagers' this week after his car was broken into outside his home. Scroll down for video. Houston Fire Department's Captain Lary Batiste is under investigation after he posted racist death threats on his Facebook page, referring to the 'hands up, don't shoot' gesture which has recently sparked controversy. He wrote he ''will make them deceased if I find them' and added 'stupid crooks do stupid things and stupid parents who don't know where their kids are on a school night/morning must suffer the consequences of burying their child needlessly. 'That 'hands up, don't shoot' s*** won't work with me! 'I AM PISSED OFF TO THE HIGHEST OF PISSTIVITY!!!! [sic]' Capt. Batiste, a supervisor at Fire Station No. 82, was reassigned to administrative duty pending the outcome of an internal investigation, reported Chron.com. A protester, demanding justice for the deaths of Eric Garner, Michael Brown and Akai Gurley, holds a placard as she takes part in a march through New York yesterday. Houston Fire Department spokesman Ruy Lozano said the department hopes 'to get it [the investigation] done in as short as a couple of weeks.' It is not the first time racist allegations have emerged involving the department's firefighters. Kerry Williams was accused of putting an offensive post on Facebook about a recent drowning victim. He wrote he was looking for a 'drunk Mexican' while searching for a 47-year-old man who drowned in Lake Houston. He was relieved of duty with pay in June and transferred to an administrative position while the department investigated. A woman holds up her hands as police responded to protests with tear gas and rubber bullets in Ferguson's protests om August. Gabrielle Walker, five,  protests the killing of teenager Michael Brown on August 17 in Ferguson, Missouri. Tear gas rains down on a woman kneeling in the street in Ferguson, Missouri, with her hands in the air after a demonstration on August 17 over the killing of Michael Brown. A series of attacks and deaths of unarmed black people at the hands of white police officers have stirred widespread race riots across America in recent months. The fatal shooting of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, in August, triggered violent clashes with police - which erupted again last month after a grand jury failed to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson. Witness accounts said the 18-year-old had his hands up when Wilson shot him. The 'hands up, don't shoot' gesture was a reference to witness accounts of Ferguson officer Darren Wilson's fatal shooting of Michael Brown,on August 9. Following the grand jury proceedings, five St Louis Rams made the 'hands up, don't shoot' gesture at Missouri's Edward Jones Dome in solidarity with Ferguson protestors last month. U.S. House Member Hakeem Jeffries, a black congressman from Brooklyn, New York, made the gesture as he said he views some 'bad apple' police officers as a threat to his son. Five St Louis Rams players) put their hands up to show support for Michael Brown before a game against the Oakland Raiders at the Edward Jones Dome last month. Demonstrators protesting the killings of Michael Brown  are confronted by police wearing riot gear on October 12 in St Louis, Missouri.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: