Please briefly summarize this news article:

Tampa Bay Lightning at Toronto Maple Leafs game preview

Expectations in hockey-mad Toronto appear to be taking their toll on the Maple Leafs, whose coach is aware of both the issue of his job security and the tension surrounding his struggling team.

Randy Carlyle's club has lost three straight heading into Thursday night's home matchup with the Tampa Bay Lightning, and he's aware that improvement needs to come quickly.

A 9-2 home loss to Nashville on Tuesday had Carlyle on the defensive the next day, as he often appeared agitated during his post-practice news conference.

"You're always in a position of doubt when things go awry with your hockey club. When you take these jobs, you can expect that," he said. "In this market it's a little bit more intense at times, just by the number of (media) that are here today. We have some faces that we haven't (seen) all year, and it's very similar to last night, that it seems that negativity brings a lot more people out to ask the questions, and rightfully so."

Toronto (9-8-2) hadn't allowed nine goals since a 12-1 loss to Pittsburgh on Dec. 26, 1991. It's been outscored 17-5 during its losing streak, including a 6-2 loss to lowly Buffalo on Saturday.

Carlyle also spoke about his beleaguered players "squeezing the stick" in practice Wednesday.

"Honestly, we've got to quiet the noise," defenseman Cody Franson said. "We are feeling a lot of pressure right now and it's tough not to feel that and just focus on hockey. I think we're in a situation where everyone is feeling the heat."

The Leafs went 6-1-1 in their eight games before their skid, during which they've lost twice at home following a four-game winning streak at Air Canada Centre.

"When you get beat like that in professional sports it is embarrassing, and when you get beat like that in front of your home fans it compounds things," captain Dion Phaneuf said. "It is unacceptable."

They'll look to bounce back against a Lightning team coming off a 5-2 loss to the New York Islanders on Tuesday. Tampa Bay (13-5-2) had won its previous two but looked sluggish late in second of a back-to-back set.

Alex Killorn and Ondrej Palat scored for the Lightning, which lost center Cedric Paquette in the first period to a lower-body injury. The status of Paquette, who had five goals in his previous six games, is unclear.

"That's a tough one for us," coach Jon Cooper said. "We gave them six power plays. We lost a forward, so we're playing 50 minutes in a back-to-back with 11 forwards."

The Lightning could get a boost from the return of winger Brett Connolly, who has missed the last 12 with a leg injury. He said he's hoping to "sneak into the lineup" against Toronto, but Cooper has given no indication if Connolly will play.

Ben Bishop should be back in goal after Evgeni Nabokov made 31 saves against the Islanders. Bishop is 8-1-1 in his last 10 starts and has a 1.72 goals-against average in his past four.

It's uncertain who the Leafs will go with in net after Tuesday's disastrous performance. Jonathan Bernier was pulled before the second period after allowing three goals on 12 shots, and James Reimer gave up six for the second straight game after taking the loss against the Sabres.

"We need a better performance from everybody," Carlyle said. "Goaltending is part of that."

Tampa Bay has won the last two meetings. Steven Stamkos had a hat trick in a 5-3 victory March 19 - giving him four goals and two assists in his last three against the Leafs - before Palat scored twice in a 3-0 win April 8.

Summary: