Summarize this article in one sentence.

Turkey forward Turan also set up Lionel Messi for the first goal of the dead rubber Champions League match.
He then scored a 17-minute second-half hat-trick, as Barcelona underscored their position as Group C winners.
Manchester City finished second, after their 1-1 draw against Celtic.
Borussia Monchengladbach qualified for the Europa League in third despite the loss.
Klopp's Liverpool squad, third in the Premier League after Sunday's dramatic 4-3 defeat at Bournemouth, were on a group-bonding trip.
Match ends, Barcelona 4, Borussia Mönchengladbach 0.
Second Half ends, Barcelona 4, Borussia Mönchengladbach 0.
Attempt missed. Lucas Digne (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is too high following a corner.
Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Tobias Strobl.
Denis Suárez (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Tobias Strobl (Borussia Mönchengladbach).
Foul by André Gomes (Barcelona).
Raffael (Borussia Mönchengladbach) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Barcelona. Marc Cardona replaces Arda Turan.
Attempt saved. Lionel Messi (Barcelona) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Lucas Digne with a cross.
Substitution, Borussia Mönchengladbach. Raffael replaces Thorgan Hazard.
Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Tony Jantschke.
Foul by Samuel Umtiti (Barcelona).
Thorgan Hazard (Borussia Mönchengladbach) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Goal!  Barcelona 4, Borussia Mönchengladbach 0. Arda Turan (Barcelona) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Paco Alcácer.
Javier Mascherano (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Fabian Johnson (Borussia Mönchengladbach).
Attempt blocked. Rafinha (Barcelona) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Lionel Messi.
Foul by Lucas Digne (Barcelona).
Thorgan Hazard (Borussia Mönchengladbach) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Substitution, Barcelona. Rafinha replaces Andrés Iniesta.
Foul by Samuel Umtiti (Barcelona).
André Hahn (Borussia Mönchengladbach) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Substitution, Borussia Mönchengladbach. Fabian Johnson replaces Nico Schulz.
Substitution, Borussia Mönchengladbach. Christoph Kramer replaces Mahmoud Dahoud.
Attempt saved. Paco Alcácer (Barcelona) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Andrés Iniesta.
Mahmoud Dahoud (Borussia Mönchengladbach) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Samuel Umtiti (Barcelona) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Mahmoud Dahoud (Borussia Mönchengladbach).
Goal!  Barcelona 3, Borussia Mönchengladbach 0. Arda Turan (Barcelona) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Aleix Vidal.
Goal!  Barcelona 2, Borussia Mönchengladbach 0. Arda Turan (Barcelona) header from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner.
Corner,  Borussia Mönchengladbach. Conceded by Arda Turan.
Attempt blocked. André Hahn (Borussia Mönchengladbach) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Thorgan Hazard with a cross.
Corner,  Borussia Mönchengladbach. Conceded by Samuel Umtiti.
Second Half begins Barcelona 1, Borussia Mönchengladbach 0.
First Half ends, Barcelona 1, Borussia Mönchengladbach 0.
Corner,  Barcelona. Conceded by Tony Jantschke.
Foul by André Gomes (Barcelona).
Thorgan Hazard (Borussia Mönchengladbach) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Aleix Vidal (Barcelona) wins a free kick on the right wing.

Summary: