Please write a short summary for the following article:

German Police Detain Migrant on Terror Suspicions

BERLIN—German police detained an asylum seeker suspected of plotting an attack for Islamic State, the federal prosecutor’s office said Thursday, the latest evidence of a mounting terror threat posed by the arrival last year of hundreds of thousands of migrants into the country.

The 27-year-old man, identified by federal prosecutors as Ashraf Al-T., allegedly received approval from an ISIS operative in Syria to carry out an attack on Germans in the near future, the prosecutor’s office said.

The man was taken into custody in Berlin late Wednesday, and his apartment in the city’s Schöneberg district was searched, according to the prosecutor. By the end of the day Thursday, the suspect will go before an investigating judge with the federal supreme court, who will decide if there is sufficient evidence to keep holding the man.

The nationality of the suspect who arrived in Germany in 2015 remained unclear. Police initially identified the man as Syrian but an official familiar with the case said he might in fact be a Tunisian who used Syrian identification.

The arrest adds to escalating tension in Germany over the security risks arising from Chancellor Angela Merkel’s decision to open the country’s doors to nearly 900,000 asylum seekers in 2015 alone.

As the wave of migrants entering the county peaked late last year, authorities brushed aside suggestions that the surge could include attackers linked with ISIS. A year later, a lengthening list of arrests and a series of attacks by refugees have led officials to reassess the threat and raise alarms about security.

“It is very good [that] this man was taken off the streets,” German Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière said. “Security services had been watching him for some time.”

Officials said it was still unclear how far along plans were for an attack but authorities still felt compelled to act, said Bernd Palenda, head of the state intelligence agency in Berlin.

“As we had no overview over the risks—what might be done and when it might start—we acted fast,” said Mr. Palenda,

The evidence authorities possessed pointed to a potential lone attacker, he said. Security officials have been warning that more lone attackers appeared to be steered from ISIS operatives based in the terror militia’s territory.

The number of terror suspect cases has grown in recent months.

Last week, the federal prosecutor charged a 19-year-old Syrian immigrant with supporting ISIS and scouting for potential targets in Germany.

In September, police detained three Syrians who had traveled to Germany late last year in what officials said might be the first arrest of a cell sent to Germany specifically to commit terror attacks.

German authorities were alerted to the latest threat by a foreign intelligence service, according to another official. The man who was detained applied for asylum in Berlin a year ago and used several identities since he arrived, the official added.

Last month, a Syrian refugee suspected of plotting attacks on Berlin airports escaped during a police raid and later hung himself in his jail cell after being detained.

Mr. Palenda, the Berlin state intelligence chief, said there appeared to be no connection between this man and the one detained Thursday.

Write to Ruth Bender at Ruth.Bender@wsj.com

Corrections & Amplifications: Nearly 900,000 asylum seekers entered Germany in 2015. An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated the amount as “900,00.” (Nov. 3, 2016)

Summary: