Q:Information:  - The GMA Network Center is the headquarters of the GMA Network, a major radio and television network in the Philippines. It is located at EDSA corner Timog Avenue, Diliman, Quezon City. It is the network's main television and radio production center, and its main transmission facility for most of Metro Manila. The building houses Super Radyo DZBB 594 AM, Barangay LS-FM 97.1, GMA-7, and GMA News TV. The center housed the UHF channel DWDB-TV 27.  - Quezon City (  also known as QC) is the most populous city in the Philippines. It is one of the cities that make up Metro Manila, the National Capital Region of the Philippines. Quezon City was named after Manuel L. Quezon, second President of the Philippines, who founded the city and developed it to replace Manila as the national capital for 28 years from 1948 to 1976. Quezon City is not located in and should not be confused with Quezon Province, which was also named after the president. It is the largest city in Metro Manila in terms of land area and most populated local government unit in the country.  - GMA Network (Global Media Arts or simply GMA) is a major commercial broadcast television and radio network in the Philippines. GMA Network is the flagship property of publicly traded GMA Network Inc. Its first broadcast on television was on October 29, 1961, GMA Network (formerly known as RBS TV Channel 7, GMA Radio-Television Arts then GMA Rainbow Satellite Network) is commonly signified to as the "Kapuso Network" in reference to the outline of the companys logo. It has also been called the Christian Network which refers to the apparent programming during the tenure of the new management, which took over in 1976. It is headquartered in the GMA Network Center in Quezon City and its transmitter, Tower of Power is located at Tandang Sora Avenue, Barangay Culiat also in Quezon City.  - Wilma Valle Galvante ( born February 24 , 1952 ) is the current head of TV5 's entertainment division and former GMA Network 's senior vice president for entertainment ; she is also a producer of many TV shows . As the chief of the GMA Network 's entertainment block , she experimented with dramas , light - hearted shows and hired good writers . She revived the love team tandem popularized in the 1970s , resurrected local comics titles and introduced fantasy series on prime time such as Mulawin . Through her initiative , the network brought the rights to a number of local comics titles such as Darna and Captain Barbel . By the last quarter of 2003 , GMA 's primetime shows led over the rival network 's . On September 11 , 2015 , Galvante was officially leaving her post as the Entertainment Head of TV5 , to form a content company ( similar to the IdeaFirst Company , which her predecessor Perci Intalan is one of the founders ) that will produce TV5 programs including Happy Truck ng Bayan and Wattpad Presents .  - There are two types of radio networks currently in use around the world: the one-to-many broadcast network commonly used for public information and mass media entertainment; and the two-way radio type used more commonly for public safety and public services such as police, fire, taxicabs, and delivery services. Cell Phones are able to send and receive simultaneously by using two different frequencies at the same time. Many of the same components and much of the same basic technology applies to all three.    What object entity has the relation of 'place of birth' with the subject 'wilma galvante'?   Choices: - center  - manila  - media  - most  - of  - philippines  - quezon  - quezon city
A: