Q: Cupcake (voiced by Jill Talley) is a pink puppy who does not like Bingo and Rolly. She is the main antagonist of the series. Rufus (voiced by Leslie David Baker) is the bulldog with a black collar who is always with Cupcake. He can not speak much except growl and mutter. He has been known to chase Bingo and Rolly multiple times, but in "Haunted Howl-O-Ween", he helped them instead. Captain Dog (voiced by Patrick Warburton) is the star of the pups' favorite television show. Frank Exposition (voiced by Leslie David Baker) is a man who is usually seen vacationing with his wife during Bingo and Rolly's missions. In "A Pyramid Scheme" he gets tangled in ribbons, which leads to Bingo and Rolly mistaking him for a mummy. Esther Exposition (voiced by Cheri Oteri) is Frank's wife. In "Hissy's Big Day", she is shown to have a pet iguana named Iggy who did n't appear again until "The Great Pug-scape". Daisy (voiced by Yvette Nicole Brown) is a kind German Shepherd. She first appeared in "History Mystery". She appeared again in "A Very Pug Christmas". Bulworth (voiced by Huey Lewis) is the junkyard dog. Hedgie the Hedgehog (voiced by Jack McBrayer) is a hedgehog who first appeared in "Winter Wonder Pug". The Go-Long Retriever (voiced by Harland Williams) is the toy stick and one of Bob's inventions that Bingo and Rolly tried to get rid of. It does n't say anything other than "Play fetch with me!" Johnathan (voiced by Jeff Bennett) is Bingo and Rolly's wisecracking seagull friend. Cagey (voiced by Jeff Bennett) is Bingo and Rolly's guinea pig friend who used to live at the Pet Store, but is now Chloe's pet. Crumpet (voiced by Jeff Bennett) is the royal Corgi dog. Whaley (voiced by Jessica DiCicco) is the whale that Bingo and Rolly helped jump over the other side of the wall. Dallie (voiced by Tom Kenny) is a dalmatian. Jackie (voiced by Jill Talley) is an orange collie with a magenta bandanna. Nelly (voiced by Grey DeLisle) is a bluebird who appears in "Polly Wants A Pug". She appears again in "Winter Wonder-Pug". Miss Mudge (voiced by Alanna Ubach) is Snowflake's owner. Guard Dog (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) is a Doberman who is friends with Bulworth. Chloe (voiced by Emma Shannon) is a little girl who is Bob's neighbor. Chloe's Mom (voiced by Tara Strong) is Chloe's mom. Bob's Mom (voiced by Tress MacNeille) is an old lady who appears in three episodes: "Special Delivery", "Your Royal Pug-Ness", and "A Pug-Tastic Day with Grandma". Bizzy the Beaver (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) is a beaver who lives in the forest. Strider the Sheepdog (voiced by Mo Collins) is a fast-talking sheep herder who appears in the episodes, "Counting Sheep" and "Rhapsody in Pug". Shockero (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson) is a lavender Scotty dog. Bark Knight (voiced by Gary Anthony Williams) is Captain Dog's sidekick. Titus (voiced by Jeff Bennett) is a leopard who now owns Hissy's squeaky toy. Harriet (voiced by Mo Collins) is a smart African elephant. Barry (voiced by Jeff Bennett) is a giraffe who let Bingo, Rolly, and Hissy ride on his head. Quinty Mcsquinty (voiced by Jeff Bennett) is an old basset hound who told Bingo and Rolly the legend of Ol' Snapper. Ol' Snapper (voiced by Tom Kenny) is a turtle mistaken as a monster. Baby (barks provided by Jessica DiCicco) is a huge Great Dane puppy. Queen Kazoo (voiced by Alanna Ubach) is the star of Bob's favorite play. Baboo (voiced by Gary Anthony Williams) is Queen Kazoo's dog.

Answer this question: who voices captain dog in puppy dog pals?
A: Patrick Warburton
Explain how we arrive at this answer: 