Quick Question: Context: In The Avengers (2012) Thanos makes a cameo appearance in the middle of the end credits. Damion Poitier (credited as Man # 1) portrays Thanos as Loki's mysterious benefactor. In Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) Thanos tries to use Ronan the Accuser to obtain an Infinity Stone. The film also introduces him as the adoptive father of Gamora and Nebula. Sean Gunn stood in for Thanos on set. Josh Brolin provided the performance capture for Thanos. Thanos was originally going to have a larger role in Guardians of the Galaxy, but Joss Whedon felt that the character needed to be threaded more gently. In Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Thanos makes a cameo appearance in the middle of the end credits. He dons an Infinity Gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity Stones himself. Brolin reprises his uncredited role. In Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Thanos is once again portrayed by Brolin. In the film, he seeks the six Infinity Stones because he believes the Universe is overpopulated and wants to cull it by half so that those who remain may have a better quality of life. Brolin will reprise his role in the fourth Avengers movie (scheduled US release, May 3, 2019).

Question: what was the first movie thanos was in?
My answer: To answer the question, consider the following: In The Avengers (2012) Thanos makes a cameo appearance in the middle of the end credits. The answer is The Avengers ( 2012 ).

Quick Question: At the end of the second season, Willow begins to study magic following the murder of the computer teacher and spell caster Jenny Calendar (Robia LaMorte). Willow is able to perform a complicated spell to restore the soul of Angel, a vampire who is also Calendar's murderer and Buffy's boyfriend. During the third season three episodes explore Willow's backstory and foreshadow her development. In "Gingerbread", her home life is made clearer: Sunnydale falls under the spell of a demon who throws the town's adults into a moral panic, and Willow's mother is portrayed as a career-obsessed academic who is unable to communicate with her daughter, eventually trying to burn Willow at the stake for being involved in witchcraft; her father is never featured. In "The Wish" a vengeance demon named Anya (Emma Caulfield) grants Cordelia's wish that Buffy never came to Sunnydale, showing what would happen if it were overrun with vampires. In this alternate reality, Willow is an aggressively bisexual vampire. In a related episode, "Doppelgangland", Willow meets "Vamp Willow", who dresses provocatively and flirts with her.

When does willow become a witch in buffy the vampire slayer?
My answer: To answer the question, consider the following: At the end of the second season, Willow begins to study magic following the murder of the computer teacher and spell caster Jenny Calendar (Robia LaMorte). The answer is At the end of the second season.

Quick Question: Passage: The 2017 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 2016 -- 17 season, and the culmination of the 2017 Stanley Cup playoffs. The Eastern Conference champion and defending Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins defeated the Western Conference champion Nashville Predators, four games to two. Penguins captain Sidney Crosby was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player of the playoffs for the second consecutive year. The Penguins won the Stanley Cup in their opponent's rink, just like they did the previous four times.

Question: Based on this passage, who did the penguins beat in the stanley cup last year?
My answer: