Write highlights for this article:

Vauxhall has been on a roll this week, announcing hundreds of new jobs in Britain ahead of the launch of the new Astra family hatchback, which is to be built at its factory in Ellesmere Port, Cheshire. And it's also released details of the new, fifth-generation Corsa super-mini. It's set for its official launch at the Paris Motor Show in October, priced from less than £10,000. Vauxhall is out to knock Ford's Fiesta off the top sales spot. The current Corsa — its best-seller — sold 83,000 in the UK in the past year, against around 121,000 Fiestas. Supercar: Vauxhall's new, fifth-generation Corsa super-mini is set to launch in October. Although almost as long as the outgoing model, Vauxhall says almost every other aspect of the new car's design and engineering has been changed to 'significantly improve' it. That includes a re-designed instrument panel and dashboard and Vauxhall's IntelliLink communications system, which operates through a 7in colour touchscreen, is compatible with smartphones and incorporates extra features, such as voice command. The new model, pictured right, will be available with heated front seats, steering wheel and windscreen, as well as 'soft-tone' ambient lighting and an optional, full-size panoramic roof. Available in three and fivedoor versions, the next-generation Corsa has a new chassis, better suspension and speedsensitive power steering, while the chassis has been tuned for a smoother drive, with more precise steering, to cater for what Vauxhall calls Britain's 'unique and challenging topography'. Does it mean our crumbling, potholed roads? Star exhibit: Princess Diana's Austin Mini Metro will be on display at Hagerty's Festival of the Unexceptional. A red Austin Mini Metro once owned by Princess Diana — and affectionately known as the 'Courting Car' — will be the star exhibit at an event that aims to be the antidote to all those posh, glittering supercar extravaganzas. Normally in Coventry Transport Museum, it makes its first public outing in around 20 years at Hagerty's Festival of the Unexceptional later this month. Said to have been a gift from Prince Charles to the then Lady Diana Spencer during their courtship, the car will headline the first 'Concours de l'Ordináire' in Towcester, Northants. The event promises 'the finest collection of mauve interiors and beige exteriors ever brought together in one place', within a show that 'humorously celebrates the best examples of some of the most mundane British and European cars ever built' between 1968 and 1985. An spokesman said: 'The 1980 Metro is the final entry on a list of 50 truly unexceptional vehicles and highlights how a great era of ordinary cars has become endangered.' Other unexceptional specimens include a Peel P50, a three-wheeled micro-car, produced from 1962 to 1965, and an Austin Maestro — a distant cousin of the Metro — owned by the grand-daughter of the aristocrat who financed William Morris, to create his celebrated, eponymous company. Can you imagine F1 archrivals McLaren and Williams getting together? They are next week for a major sale of registration plates. The DVLA is offering the plate '650 S', ideal if you're the owner of a £200,000 McLaren 650S supercar. The plate (reserve price £3,500) is among 1,500 that will go under the hammer during the agency's threeday summer auction. The event at the Williams Formula One team's factory starts on Wednesday, July 16 and entry includes a pass to the museum, which houses one of the largest collection of grand prix cars under one roof. See: dvlaauction.co.uk.