Write a title for this article:

BY Peter Botte DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

Sunday, January 30th 2011, 4:00 AM

Jorge PosadaÂ tried to play the good soldier in his first public comments this winter. He said Saturday night that his switch from behind the plate to full-time DH in 2011 "is what it is," while also playing the "whatever's best for the team" card.

But the Yankees' longtime backstop also admitted later that he's keeping his mitt broken in "just in case," indicating he hasn't fully come to terms with being phased out of the position he's owned since the late '90s.

"I'll catch. I'll catch. I'll catch this year," Posada said before Bernie Williams' charity dinner for the Hillside Food Outreach in New Rochelle. "I'll DH and then they're going to want me to catch one of those days. I'm keeping an open mind. I would love to catch. I'm training like I always do, and if I have to catch, I'll catch."

Posada was responding to GM Brian Cashman, who earlier this week said Posada shouldn't expect to be anything more than the Yanks' full-time designated hitter and their "emergency catcher" in 2011.

Cashman met with Posada - who Saturday night claimed his surgically repaired left knee is 100% - in November to inform him of the career change. The Yanks then added former Dodgers backstop Russell Martin to share catching duties with either Francisco Cervelli or rookies Jesus Montero and Austin Romine.

"I can't complain. I always like to catch, I'm used to catching, but if they want me to DH to help out the team, you have to do that," Posada said. "It is what it is. I look forward to everything I do. I try to help out the team, and if that's going to help out the team and that's what they want, I'm OK with it."

Posada, 39, also said the transition probably is "going to be toughest during the season," especially the mental adjustment to remain involved in the game without playing defensively.

"When you're a catcher and try to catch, but you can't and you try to DH, it's tough, it's a struggle," Posada said. "But going into a season and knowing you're going to be a DH, I have to look for a routine. It's not easy to be a DH. I have to find a nice little routine that I can get used to and have a good season."

Still, he also acknowledged that such a move probably means he "won't be as beat up" from the usual wear and tear of catching duties. After batting just .248 with 18 homers and 57 RBI in 451 plate appearances during an injury-plagued 2010, he is entering the final season of a four-year, $52 million contract.

"I would like to keep my doors open, I would like if I feel good and feel like I can do it and having fun, I would like to keep going," Posada said. "I love playing the game. I just hope that everything stays healthy."

The Yankees' handling of Posada is part of an offseason in which they also engaged in contentious contract relations with Derek Jeter while preparing for the possibility that Andy Pettitte might not return for a 17th season.

Posada said he's talked and texted often with Pettitte, before adding, "I haven't asked him anything about baseball. I just want him to make the decision. ...Whatever it is, honestly, we're going to support it. Andy is a very valuable guy for us. If he wants to be home, obviously he has the reasons to be home, but we need him."

Even if Posada and other members of the old guard won't be needed in their accustomed roles forever.

"We're getting old," Posada joked. "It's tough, it's a business. We have to keep performing, keep doing well, so the decisions are tougher. But we understand it."

Title: