A football player who was beaten into a coma just took a big step on the road to recovery when he was discharged from rehab after five months. Isaac Kolstad, a former linebacker at Minnesota State University, Mankato, finally got a chance to return home after suffering a skull fracture and traumatic brain injury in a bar fight that happened last May near his school. His wife, Molly, shared the happy news on Kolstad's CaringBridge page. Scroll down for video. Back and doing better: Isaac Kolstad m(above in yellow at a September football game), a former linebacker at Minnesota State University, Mankato, emerged from rehab five months after he was attacked in a bar fight and suffered a traumatic brain injury. Baby girl: While he was in rehab his wife gave birth to a daughter, Malia (above with her father) Sportsman: Kolstad (pictured playing in a 2012 game) had to relearn how to walk. 'It is with a full heart that I update you all that today Isaac was discharged from inpatient care!' she wrote. 'After 5 months of being confined to a facility, of sleeping in a twin sized hospital bed, of reporting daily to nurses, doctors, therapists, and aides, Isaac is finally released and free to go home. He and his entire family are incredibly excited to take this huge step in Isaac’s recovery and start the process of transitioning back to family life.' Just this past September, Kolstad, 24, who graduated in 2013, made an emotional return to the playing field with some of his former teammates, walking out before kickoff during the opening game of ther season. He also became a father for the second time when his baby daughter Malia was born in June, less than a month after he was injured. Kolstand and his wife have another daughter, Haidyn. Rutgers University quarterback Philip Robert Nelson, who once played at the University of Minnesota, has been charged with one count of first-degree assault and one count of third-degree assault for the incident. Trevor Shelley, 21, who authorities believe punched Kolstad, was arrested just days after the attack and charged with felony assault counts. Kolstad, described by a friend as 'a quiet, young man' who was not a big drinker, was with a group of football players in the South Street Saloon just before closing time on the night of the fight. According to a criminal complaint, 20-year-old Nelson was angry that night because a bouncer at the bar had hit on his girlfriend. Two: Kolstand and his wife Molly have another daughter, Haidyn (above) Arrests: Trevor Shelley (left) and Philip Nelson (right) have been arrested in connection with the incident. As he left the bar with his girlfriend, he saw Kolstad outside. The bouncer and Kolstad are different people. Nelson and Kolstad got into a verbal dispute before Kolstad threw a punch that hit Nelson in the back, causing him to fall to the ground, according to a police officer, the complaint says. Graduate student Steph Stassen, 25, told the Star Tribune that the attacker came 'out of nowhere'. 'He [Kolstad] was knocked out on his feet,' she told the paper. 'He fell straight back and smoked his head on the pavement.' He was found at an intersection around 2am by police and taken to hospital in an ambulance. Kolstad suffered bleeding of the brain, skull fracture, brain swelling, brain shifting, and deterioration of lungs from lack of oxygen, according to the criminal complaint. He is now being treated at an inpatient rehabilitation program in the Twin Cities. There, he has bonded well with his new daughter, his wife Molly wrote.
What are the important parts of this article?