Fallen: Thomas McGraw was awarded a Purple Heart after he was killed in Vietnam and now - decades after it was lost - it will be returned to his family. A Purple Heart awarded to a soldier who was killed in Vietnam in 1966 will be returned to his family on Tuesday - two decades after it vanished and turned up in an elementary school playground. Private First Class Thomas McGraw was awarded the Purple Heart after his death in an ambush in Vietnam on February 1, 1966, while serving in the Army's 1st Cavalry Division. He was just 19. His daughter, Robyn DeCuffa, was just a toddler when he died, and when she turned 18, her mother gave her McGraw's Army medals, the flag that had covered his coffin and a photo album from his military service. 'The medal was really all that I did have from my father,' said DeCuffa, now a 51-year-old mother of eight from Cortland in central New York. But years later, the Purple Heart disappeared while she was living outside Syracuse, where her father grew up. She said someone likely stole the medal, but she wouldn't elaborate. 'It was a part of him I could physically hang on to,' she said. 'It was devastating when it was missing.' Then somehow, in the early 1990s, the Purple Heart was found by Jason Galloway on the playground at his Syracuse elementary school. He handed it in to the front office. Although McGraw's name was engraved on the back, apparently no effort was made to return it to its owner. When school ended for the year, the medal was given back to Jason, who brought it home. Karen Galloway, Jason's mother, said the medal mostly sat in a drawer in the kitchen of her family's home in Liverpool. Every now and then, her husband would search the Internet in an effort to locate McGraw and return the medal, but had no luck finding any information. 'We didn't put tons and tons of effort into it,' she said. Then, last Christmas, the now 34-year-old Jason was visiting from Virginia when his wife saw the medal and asked why the family had it since Jason, an Air Force veteran, hadn't been wounded. Reunited: McGraw's daughter Robyn DeCuffa, pictured left, will receive the medal on Tuesday. It was found by Jason Galloway, pictured right, when he was a boy but his family were unable to find its owners. When she learned how it had been found, Jason's wife said it would be 'cool' to find its owner. Weeks later, she called her mother-in-law to say she had seen a local news story on Purple Hearts Reunited, a Vermont-based organization that returns lost or stolen military medals to veterans or their families. Karen Galloway contacted the founder, Zachariah Fike, who traced the medal's origins and located DeCuffa, a manager for Capital Region Off-Track Betting, and her mother Sarah Dallas, who lives in Mexico, New York. 'It almost feels like a miracle that this is being returned,' said DeCuffa, whose second-oldest son is an Army veteran and whose second-oldest daughter is in the Air Force. Award: The medal (file picture) will be returned during a ceremony outside Syracuse, New York on Tuesday. Fike will return the medal to DeCuffa and Dallas during a ceremony being held at the Cavalry Club, a former National Guard camp-turned-golf club in Manlius, outside Syracuse. She plans to display the award in the center of her living room. More than 150 people are expected to attend, including Dallas, the soldier's widow, as well as Galloway and her husband. 'I'm so excited about it,' Galloway said. 'He lost his life and I think that it's really important that it gets back to his family.'

What are highlight points for this article?