By. Andrew Levy. Tragic: Christian Smith, 38, was killed instantly when he was hit by a suspected drink-driver hours into a 248-mile charity cycle ride. Donations were flooding in last night for a cyclist who was killed by a suspected drink driver during a 24-hour charity ride. Christian Smith, 38, had almost completed the 248-mile trip through Kent and Sussex when he was hit by the car. The married father of three was declared dead at the scene by paramedics early on Saturday. Mr Smith was aiming to raise £1,000 for mental health charity Mind. But by 1.30pm yesterday £1,455 had been donated by 50 people. And as news of the tragedy spread, hundreds more visited his JustGiving donations website. Just two hours later the total had soared to £13,533 from 860 people. Further gifts continued to roll in from generous members of the public, with the total reaching £20,000 before 6pm and £30,000 by 8.30pm. One £1,000 donation came from a stranger who gave his name as James. He wrote: ‘We haven’t met. Like many others, I was very moved by your story. May you rest in peace brother. My deepest sympathies go out to your family, loved ones and friends.’ Mr Smith set off on his ‘Kent Epic’ challenge on Friday and was hit by a blue Peugeot 206 near Chestfield, Whitstable, at 4am the following morning. He is understood to have been less than two hours from home. An 18-year-old woman from Herne Bay was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and causing death by dangerous driving. She has been bailed until July 26. On his JustGiving page, Mr Smith, who was married to Katie, 40, said he wanted to support Mind to help end the stigma attached to mental health problems. Donations: Friends have given thousands of pounds to charity in Mr Smith's memory. He wrote: ‘I have had my own. misfortune to suffer from a spate of poor mental health which was. unexpected and has been a real “game changer” in how I now view the. future. It has been a tough road to get to this point but I have been. fortunate enough to have the support of my family and friends. ‘There. are those who are not so fortunate to have the same level of support. and understanding. They suffer in silence and are alone.’ Mr. Smith, from Boughton Aluph, Kent, planned to celebrate completing the. challenge by having drinks with friends next Saturday. He would have. turned 39 tomorrow. On his. online LinkedIn business profile he said he had worked as an operations. manager for a funeral director until December and was now ‘looking for a. new challenge’. His family. said in a statement: ‘Christian Smith was killed in the early hours of. Saturday morning while cycling to raise money for Mind. Christian leaves. a loving wife and three children.’ Mind chief executive Paul Farmer said: ‘We were shocked and saddened to hear of the tragic death of Christian Smith. ‘Our thoughts go out to his family and friends at this extremely difficult time.’ PC. Jamie Woodhams, of the Kent Police Serious Collision Investigation. Unit, said: ‘We are continuing to appeal for witnesses to come forward. In particular we would like to speak to anybody who saw the Peugeot. travelling along the road prior to the collision.’ The. public response is similar to when 30-year-old hairdresser Claire. Squires died during the London Marathon in 2012. She had hoped to raise. £500 for Samaritans, but news of her death sent the total soaring to. £1.2million. To donate, visit Mr Smith’s  fundraising website by going to: www.justgiving.com/KentEpic. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.

Write highlights for this article.