By. Kieran Corcoran. PUBLISHED:. 11:45 EST, 13 September 2013. |. UPDATED:. 11:47 EST, 13 September 2013. Karen Welsh, pictured, was strangled in her home by paranoid schizophrenic John Constantine. A damning investigation into the killing of a nurse by a paranoid schizophrenic has revealed a series of blunders by the NHS, police and probation service. Karen Welsh, 52, was strangled at home by John Constantine, 33, who had been discharged from a psychiatric hospital. Constantine beat Mrs Welsh and cut her wrists in March 2010 – while he had already breached the conditions of a suspended prison sentence. Mrs Welsh, a nurse, had let Constantine, stay in her Cardiff home as he was homeless after being let out. At the time he was only receiving treatment for depression. But a report into her death by Healthcare Inspectorate Wales has said that he was misdiagnosed by doctors, and should also have been arrested by police years earlier. It said that his hospital treatment was ‘inadequate’, and that he was only properly diagnosed as a ‘floridly psychotic’ paranoid schizophrenic after killing Mrs Welsh. Cardiff and Vale University Health Board, which initially assessed Constantine, was criticised for underestimating the risks he posed. The report said: ‘Had there been a more assertive and less fragmented attempt to gain a better understanding of the risks that he posed, it is possible the killing may have been preventable.’ It also revealed that police and probation officers repeatedly failed to arrest Constantine - who breached the conditions of his suspended sentence for a hammer attack, burglary and car theft in 2008. Karen Welsh, pictured right with her daughter Joanne, left, might not have died if police and doctors had acted properly, a report said. It said: ‘On more than one occasion opportunities were missed to apprehend him and bring him back under the supervision of the probation service or the courts.’ Her daughter Joanne Welsh described her heartbreak on finding out that her mother’s death was preventable. She said: ‘It is extremely upsetting to hear the conclusions. ‘My mother could still be alive had it not been for misdiagnosis, failures in communication between the relevant agencies and a lack of mental health awareness. ‘These failings meant that a very dangerous and unwell man was let down and allowed to commit such a devastating crime.’ When Constantine was tried in court for Mrs Welsh’s murder, it emerged that he was a paranoid schizophrenic who had been fit and well until suffering a mental breakdown in 2008. He denied murder but admitted manslaughter by diminished responsibility and was sent indefinitely to a maximum security hospital. The court heard that he had changed his name from Kevin Astley to John Constantine after a Keanu Reeves character. Reeves played the occult detective in Constantine, a 2005 occult thriller in which his character can talk to demons. Ruth Walker, head of nursing at Cardiff and Vale University Health Board, said: ‘It is clear that communication between statutory agencies fell short of expectation. ‘Both patients were let down by that failure, with tragic consequences.’ Dr Ruth Hussey, chief medical officer for Wales, said: ‘In this complex case, there were several key findings of concern. ‘The Welsh Government expects the local health board involved to work with other partners to take the appropriate actions and learn from this tragic case. ‘On behalf of the NHS in Wales, I would like to apologise sincerely to everyone affected by this tragedy.’
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: