Problem:Although set in "Middleton, USA", it was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake, Ontario. In the sequel, The Good Witch's Charm, the map on the wall in the police station shows Middleton north and west of Chicago, in the vicinity of DuPage County. The names of the suburbs and interstates that are west of Chicago can be clearly seen.

Based on this passage, where is the hallmark series good witch filmed?
Solution:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Although set in "Middleton, USA", it was filmed in Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake, Ontario.
Hamilton and Niagara on the Lake , Ontario.

Student A:"The Lake Isle of Innisfree" is a twelve-line poem composed of three quatrains written by William Butler Yeats in 1888 and first published in the National Observer in 1890. It was reprinted in The Countess Kathleen and Various Legends and Lyrics in 1892 and as an illustrated Cuala Press Broadside in 1932.

Answer this question: who wrote about the idyllic'isle of innisfree'?
Student B:OK... This is the relevant information: "The Lake Isle of Innisfree" is a twelve-line poem composed of three quatrains written by William Butler Yeats in 1888 and first published in the National Observer in 1890.
William Butler Yeats.

Problem:Passage: Et tu, Brute? (pronounced ( ɛt ˈtuː ˈbruːtɛ) ) is a Latin phrase meaning "and you, Brutus?", made famous by its occurrence in William Shakespeare's play Julius Caesar, where it is uttered by the Roman dictator Julius Caesar to his friend Marcus Brutus at the moment of the former's assassination. The Latin expression first occurs in Elizabethan literary texts. The quotation is widely used in the English-speaking world to signify the unexpected betrayal by a person, such as a friend.

Question: Based on this passage, who said et tu brute then fall caesar?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Et tu, Brute? (pronounced ( ɛt ˈtuː ˈbruːtɛ) ) is a Latin phrase meaning "and you, Brutus?", made famous by its occurrence in William Shakespeare's play Julius Caesar, where it is uttered by the Roman dictator Julius Caesar to his friend Marcus Brutus at the moment of the former's assassination.
the Roman dictator Julius Caesar.

Student A:The fifth season of the series was made available on Blim on September 22, 2017.

Based on this passage, when does el senor de los cielos return?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The fifth season of the series was made available on Blim on September 22, 2017.
September 22 , 2017.

Problem:Context: Article I of the Constitution sets forth most of the powers of Congress, which include numerous explicit powers enumerated in Section 8. Constitutional amendments have granted Congress additional powers. Congress also has implied powers derived from the Necessary and Proper Clause of the Constitution.

Question: where are the implied powers of congress found in the constitution?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: Congress also has implied powers derived from the Necessary and Proper Clause of the Constitution.
the Necessary and Proper Clause of the Constitution.

Problem:Puerto Rico (Spanish for "Rich Port"), officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (Spanish: Estado Libre Asociado de Puerto Rico, lit. "Free Associated State of Puerto Rico") and briefly called Porto Rico, is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea, approximately 1,000 miles (1,600 km) southeast of Miami, Florida.

Answer this question: what is puerto rico called to the us?
Solution: