Student A:Passage: Dublin won the final by a point on a 1-17 to 1-16 scoreline to claim their third title in a row, the first time this has happened since 1921-23.

Question: Based on this passage, who won the all ireland football final 2017?
Student B:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Dublin won the final by a point on a 1-17 to 1-16 scoreline to claim their third title in a row, the first time this has happened since 1921-23.
Dublin.

Problem:Context: "I Love Rock' n' Roll" is a rock song written in 1975 by Alan Merrill of the Arrows, who recorded the first released version. The song was later made famous by Joan Jett & the Blackhearts in 1982. Alan Merrill has played the song live in Europe, Japan and most often in his home town New York City.

Question: who sang the original i love rock and roll?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: "I Love Rock' n' Roll" is a rock song written in 1975 by Alan Merrill of the Arrows, who recorded the first released version.
the Arrows.

Student A:Hemkosh is the second dictionary of Assamese language. The first Assamese dictionary was compiled by Dr. Miles Bronson, an American Baptist Missionary. His dictionary, published in 1867 at the American Baptist Mission Press, Sibsagar, is out of print. Bronson's work did not pretend to be an etymological dictionary but contained a very considerable collection of words from the people themselves without recording derivations.

Who compiled and publised the first assamese dictionary?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The first Assamese dictionary was compiled by Dr. Miles Bronson, an American Baptist Missionary.
Dr. Miles Bronson , an American Baptist Missionary.

Problem:Context: Casey Allen Moss (born November 16, 1993) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for playing the role of JJ Deveraux on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives.

Question: who plays jj in days of our lives?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: He is best known for playing the role of JJ Deveraux on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Casey Allen Moss.

Student A:The Flash is an American action television series developed by Greg Berlanti, Andrew Kreisberg, and Geoff Johns, airing on The CW. It is based on the DC Comics character Barry Allen / Flash, a costumed crimefighter with the power to move at superhuman speeds. It is a spin-off from Arrow, existing in the same fictional universe. The series follows Barry Allen, portrayed by Grant Gustin, a crime scene investigator who gains superhuman speed, which he uses to fight criminals, including others who have also gained superhuman abilities. The Flash was renewed in March 2016 for a third season, which premiered on October 4, 2016. On January 8, 2017, The CW renewed the series for a fourth season, which is scheduled to debut on October 10, 2017. As of May 23, 2017, 69 episodes of The Flash have aired, concluding the third season.

Based on this passage, when does the new episode of flash come out?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: On January 8, 2017, The CW renewed the series for a fourth season, which is scheduled to debut on October 10, 2017.
October 10 , 2017.

Student A:Context: The Kane County Cougars are a Class A Minor League Baseball team, affiliated with the Arizona Diamondbacks, that plays in the Midwest League. Their home games are played at Northwestern Medicine Field in Geneva, Illinois, about 35 miles (56 km) west of Chicago.

Question: who are the kane county cougars affiliated with?
Student B: