In the muted shadows of the White House war room, United States Government officials had gathered in a crisis meeting. After a year of intense deliberation and research, the American Government made a tough decision. As the President eyed the generals and scientists huddled around the table, he commanded gravely, "Due to unforeseen consequences and the scale of risk involved, I hereby authorize you to discontinue any further tests concerning Operation C.H.U.D., effective immediately." This action set as Fact 1: US Government has ordered the branch of US Military to stop all proceedings regarding the highly confidential and dangerous C.H.U.D. project.

Operation C.H.U.D., short for Cannibalistic Humanoid Underground Dwellers, was a top-secret project conducted in the bowels of the Pentagon. In this project, the Pentagon's bio-research unit had stumbled upon enzymes taken from monstrous, genetically mutated creatures dwelling in the city's sewer system. Astonishingly, these enzymes, when injected into trained soldiers, transformed them into killing machines, vastly more effective and resilient than ordinary men. This was the basis of Fact 2: enzymes taken from sewer-dwelling creatures from C.H.U.D. make hyper-effective killing machines in the army.

Despite the government's shutdown, an unforeseen factor played into the mix. Bud Oliver, a codename assigned to the last remaining specimen of the C.H.U.D. project, was being kept classified from even the highest levels of government. The elusive Bud Oliver was carefully hidden away in the cellar of the Center for Disease Control office situated in a small American town. Here, he was kept under the watchful eyes of scientists and military personnel. This forms Fact 3: the elusive Bud Oliver is hidden in the Center for Disease Control office in a small American town.

Life in the town went on as usual, oblivious to the ticking time bomb hidden beneath its surface. One day, a lively trio of bungling local teenagers broke into the CDC, hoping to uncover the secrets rumored to be contained within the drab-looking building. They stumbled upon the hidden lab and, to their shock, laid eyes on Bud Oliver. A brash decision led them to free Bud, who they perceived as a fellow victim of the government’s machinations, unaware of the potential disaster they were setting in motion. This revealed Fact 4: a trio of bungling teenagers from the same small American town steal Bud from the CDC facility, setting into motion what might be an unfathomable disaster.

However, the spirited, genetically enhanced Bud had other plans. While his liberators intended to get him to safety, Bud slipped away into the labyrinth of sewerage and tunnels. Now loose in the city, he remembered the vile experiments and the strength they granted him. Filled with newfound vengeance, he decided to take matters into his hands. He sought refuge in the sewers and started using the leftover enzymes to create what would serve as his vengeance upon those who had made him a monster. This forms Fact 5: Bud escapes to forge an army of C.H.U.D.s, threatening not only the security of the small town but potentially of the entire nation.

Thus unfolds the tale of doomed ambition, adolescent recklessness, and a monstrous uprising. The small American town transformed into a suspenseful battlefield overnight, setting the stage for an epic clash between the human race and the horror that lurked beneath. The shocking sequence of events unprecedentedly unleashed by the C.H.U.D. project turned an ordinary town into the crucible for all-out warfare of survival.