By. Aap. and Ryan Lipman. A memorial stone to First Fleet commander Admiral Arthur Phillip was unveiled at Westminster Abbey in central London on Thursday. The Duke of Edinburgh laid a wreath at the stone during an hour-long dedication service on Wednesday that was also attended by NSW Governor Dame Marie Bashir. Phillip, the first governor of NSW, is the latest addition to the long list of 3,300 notable people buried or memorialised in the abbey. This year marks 200 years since Phillip died in August 1814 in England. A memorial stone to First Fleet commander Admiral Arthur Phillip was unveiled at Westminster Abbey in central London on Thursday. Prince Phillip, Duke of Edinburgh attended the service of dedication to Admiral Philip and laid a wreath at the memorial stone. During Wednesday's service Dame Marie praised the admiral as being 'enlightened, far-sighted and indeed humane'. 'Determined to ensure the fair treatment of the Aboriginal people he actively fostered harmonious relations with them,' she said. The memorial - carved from Sydney sandstone - is set in the floor of the Nave near memorials to David Livingstone, Thomas Cochrane and Isaac Newtown. It's also nearby to the grave of the unknown warrior. It reads: 'Admiral Arthur Phillip. Royal Navy 1738-1814. First Governor of NSW & founder of modern Australia'. There's a small outline of a kangaroo too. The memorial stone reads:  'Admiral Arthur Phillip. Royal Navy 1738-1814. First Governor of NSW & founder of modern Australia'. There is also a small outline of a kangaroo. Carved from Sydney sandstone, the memorial is set in the floor of the Nave near a memorial to Isaac Newtown. NSW Governor Marie Bashir attended the service and said the admiral ensured the fair treatment of the Aboriginal people and actively fostered harmonious relations with them. Admiral Arthur Philip was born on October 11, 1738 and died on August 31, 1814. On May 13, 1787, the First Fleet of 11 ships set sail from Portsmouth, England for NSW. Mr Phillip captained HMS Sirius in the fleet. Over 252 days, the First Fleet brought about 1,500 men, women and children half way around the world from England to Australia. The fleet arrived first in Botany Bay on 18 January, 1788 and later in Sydney Cove (in Port Jackson), as named by Mr Phillip, on January 26. Sydney Cove was preferred because of its access to fresh water for the colony. Mr Phillip was the first Governor of NSW and founder of the settlement, which became Sydney. The Dean of Westminster, Dr John Hall, described the navy man as a 'modest, yet world-class seaman, linguist and patriot, whose selfless service laid the secure foundations on which was developed the Commonwealth of Australia'. Phillip was in charge of the 11 ships of the First Fleet which carried some 1,450 individuals, half of which were convicts. He was meant to establish a penal colony at Botany Bay but due to his rural background realised the soils and adjacent rivers were not suitable to sustaining agriculture. So in 1788 he sailed on to Port Jackson instead which later became Sydney Harbour. The memorial stone came about following years of lobbying by the Britain-Australia Society Education Trust whose patron is the Duke of Edinburgh. The society said in a statement: 'Admiral Phillip is hardly known in the UK, although in Australia, Phillip Bay in NSW and Port Phillip Bay in Victoria are named after him.' Admiral Phillip was in charge of the 11 ships of the First Fleet. This year marks 200 years since the admiral died in August 1814 in England.
What are the important parts of this article?