It's a nondescript warehouse on the outskirts of Washington. D.C., but hidden inside are the remains of 100,000 explosives specifically. designed to harm U.S. troops. America's secret 'bomb library' holds many of the improvised explosive devices (IEDs) which have killed hundreds of military personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan after the 9/11 attacks. They've been collected to help identify individual bomb makers and to develop high-tech responses. 'Bomb library': More than 100,000 remnants of IEDs recovered in Iraq and Afghanistan are stockpiled in a highly secure warehouse near Washington, D.C. The Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center (TEDAC) at the FBI Lab was set up about 10 years ago as a weapons archive. Now, ABC News reports, the FBI and military use the facility to fight terrorists. 'When you really stop to think of what's. in those boxes, it really makes you pause and think of all the troops. wounded... by these devices, and it really is kind of sacred ground,' TEDAC director and FBI supervisory special agent, Gregory Carl, said. 'We've tried to stay under the radar. Obviously we have to. balance not informing our adversaries as to the type of work that we're. doing here at TEDAC.' Gregory Carl, director of the Terrorist Explosive Device Analytical Center (TEDAC) at the FBI Lab, pictured with IEDs at the warehouse. An FBI worker examines a photo of an IED. The secret FBI facility stores in cardboard boxes the ball bearings, shrapnel, wires, circuit. boards, melted cell phones and cordless base stations which were turned into deadly weapons. In Afghanistan, IEDs have killed. 954 U.S. troops over the past twelve years of war. In Iraq, 2,207. Americans were killed by roadside bombs. Tens of thousands. were wounded. According to ABC News' special report, each IED collected is prioritized by. specialized military units in Afghanistan and formerly in Iraq. A code. red item must be examined, photographed and checked for fingerprints or. DNA within five days. Amber cases have to be processed in 30 days and. green packages are considered low-priority. Each IED has its own computer case file, which states the. location and date it was detonated or located and if there. were any casualties. The. IED packages are piled into 3,500 stacked into five-foot-tall white boxes. in the FBI warehouse. About. 800 IEDs are delivered each month from Afghanistan and. about 20 other countries. The FBI archive contains about 40,000 IEDs each from Afghanistan and Iraq, plus another 20,000 shipped from countries such as Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia which are kept in simple cardboard boxes with labels that detail their contents. TEDAC has  reportedly placed 100. individuals on terror watch lists and identified more than 1,000. bomb makers. The agency's investigations also led to the high-profile convictions of Waad Ramadan Alwan and Mohanad Shareef Hammadi. After analyzing thousands of IED parts, TEDAC officials were able to link the men to terrorist activity. Both. Iraqis pleaded guilty to terrorism-related charges last year. The Iraqi men were mistakenly allowed to resettle in. Kentucky in 2009 because flawed background checks failed to discover their past as al Qaeda-Iraq. insurgents. 'It was very exciting - exciting and also nervous, because we realized if we had one individual where we had fingerprints, there could be others,' Carl told ABC News. Mohanad Shareef Hammadi (left) and Waad Ramadan Alwan (right), Iraqi men living in Kentucky, were convicted in January of series of charges in a plot to help al Qaeda.

What are highlight points for this article?