Answer the following question: Information:  - The Ulster Footballer of the Year is the older of two association football player of the year awards in Northern Ireland. (The other is the Northern Ireland Football Writers' Association award.) It is awarded by Castlereagh Glentoran Supporters' Club to the player who is adjudged by an independent committee to have been the best of the season in the IFA Premiership. The award has been presented since the 1950-51 season, when the inaugural winner was Kevin McGarry of Cliftonville. The current holder of the award is Billy Joe Burns, of Crusaders. Glenn Ferguson has won the award most often: on three separate occasions.  - Belfast is the capital and largest city of Northern Ireland, the second largest on the island of Ireland, and the heart of the tenth largest Primary Urban Area in the United Kingdom. On the River Lagan, it had a population of 286,000 at the 2011 census and 333,871 after the 2015 council reform. Belfast was granted city status in 1888.  - Glenn 'Spike' Ferguson (born 10 July 1969) is a Northern Irish former football player and current manager. He is currently out of work following being sacked at Ballymena United on 29 February 2016.  - Newry is a city in Northern Ireland, from Belfast and from Dublin. It had a population of 29,946 in 2011. Newry straddles counties Armagh and Down.  - Michael `` Mickey '' Keenan ( born 5 April 1956 , Newry ) is a retired Northern Irish goalkeeper . He was successful with Portadown during the 1990s and early 2000s , where he won four league titles and several cup winner medals , as well as being named the Ulster Footballer of the Year for the 2001 -- 02 season . He played for Oldham Athletic , Newry Town , Ards , and Lisburn Distillery . In 2002 , he became the oldest person to play in the UEFA Champions League when Portadown took part in a qualifying round against FC Belshina Bobruisk . After retiring as a player , Mickey returned to Newry as a goalkeeping coach and is now currently first team coach of the newly formed Newry City A.F.C. .  - Northern Ireland (; Ulster Scots: "") is a top-level constituent unit of the United Kingdom in the northeast of Ireland. It is variously described as a country, province, region, or "part" of the United Kingdom, amongst other terms. Northern Ireland shares a border to the south and west with the Republic of Ireland. In 2011, its population was 1,810,863, constituting about 30% of the island's total population and about 3% of the UK's population. Established by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 as part of the Good Friday Agreement, the Northern Ireland Assembly holds responsibility for a range of devolved policy matters, while other areas are reserved for the British government. Northern Ireland co-operates with the Republic of Ireland in some areas, and the Agreement granted the Republic the ability to "put forward views and proposals" with "determined efforts to resolve disagreements between the two governments".  - Association football, more commonly known as football or soccer, is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players with a spherical ball. It is played by 250 million players in over 200 countries and dependencies, making it the world's most popular sport. The game is played on a rectangular field with a goal at each end. The object of the game is to score by getting the ball into the opposing goal.    What object entity has the relation of 'occupation' with the subject 'mickey keenan'?   Choices: - association football  - association football player  - game  - manager  - united kingdom
Answer: