Information:  - Savage Dragon is an ongoing American comic book series created by Erik Larsen, published by Image Comics and taking place in the Image Universe. The comic features the adventures of a superheroic police officer named the Dragon. The character first appeared as Dragon in "Graphic Fantasy" #1 (June 1982) and first appeared as the "Savage Dragon" in "Megaton" #3 (February 1986).  - Image Comics is an American comic book publisher. It was founded in 1992 by several high-profile illustrators as a venue where comics creators could publish their material without giving up the copyrights to the characters they created, as creator-owned properties. It was immediately successful, and remains one of the largest comic book publishers in North America. Its output was originally dominated by superhero and fantasy series from the studios of the Image partners, but now includes comics in many genres by numerous independent creators. Its best-known series include "Spawn", "Savage Dragon", "Witchblade", "The Darkness", "Invincible", "The Walking Dead", "Saga", and "Chew".  - C.B. Cebulski is an American writer and editor for Marvel Comics, known for his work on titles such as "Marvel Fairy Tales". As of 2011, he holds the position of Senior Vice President of Creative & Creator Development.  - Marvel Fairy Tales is a term for three volumes of comic book limited series published by Marvel Comics and written by C. B. Cebulski with art by different artists each issue. Each of these series adapts fairytales and folk tales from around the world, using analogues of famous Marvel superheroes in place of the major characters. The series were published from 20062008 and were, in order, "X-Men Fairy Tales", "Spider-Man Fairy Tales", and "Avengers Fairy Tales". A potential fourth series, "Fantastic Four Fairy Tales", was mentioned as "in development" by Cebulski but was never released.  - A comic book or comicbook, also called comic magazine or simply comic, is a publication that consists of comic art in the form of sequential juxtaposed panels that represent individual scenes. Panels are often accompanied by brief descriptive prose and written narrative, usually dialog contained in word balloons emblematic of the comics art form. Although some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s. The first modern comic book, "Famous Funnies", was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics. The term "comic book" derives from American comic books once being a compilation of comic strips of a humorous tone; however, this practice was replaced by featuring stories of all genres, usually not humorous in tone.  - Drain is a creator - owned comic by writer C. B. Cebulski and is painted by Sana Takeda and published by Image Comics .  - Marvel Comics is the common name and primary imprint of Marvel Worldwide Inc., formerly Marvel Publishing, Inc. and Marvel Comics Group, an American publisher of comic books and related media. In 2009, The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment, Marvel Worldwide's parent company.  - Witchblade was a comic book series published by Top Cow Productions, an imprint of Image Comics, which ran from November 1995 to October 2015. The series was created by Top Cow founder and owner Marc Silvestri, editor David Wohl, writer Brian Haberlin, and artist Michael Turner.    What entity does 'drain ' has the relation 'instance of' with?
Answer: