Article: Your personality is the most important thing to work on, if you want to get people to enjoy being around you, but that doesn't mean that more superficial things should be ignored completely. Especially if you stink. If you want to be fun to be around, make sure you practice basic hygiene so others can stand to be in your presence.  Shower at least 4-5 times a week and change your clothes regularly. Change your socks and underwear every day. Wash your face, under your arms, and your hair regularly. Brush your teeth twice a day. . First impressions matter. If you're a 20 year old with an 8 year old's bowl cut, it's likely that you could be turning some people off of you before they even get a chance to know you. Get a haircut and learn to style your hair in a way that flatters your features and rounds out your face. Even if you go for an unkempt rockstar hair look, you've got to comb it every now and then. Nobody will want to hang out with you if you've got spiderweb growing in there. . While you don't need to wear what's popular, what's expensive, or what other people are wearing, it's true that you'll feel confident and happy if you're wearing clothes that make you feel confident and happy. That confidence will rub off on other people and make you fun to be around.  There's no one cool way to wear clothes, and what's cool will totally depend on who you are, how old you are, and your own sense of style. You can look cool wearing thrift store clothes or wearing clothes from the mall. Pick a style that makes you feel good. If you feel better and more confident when you rock a hoodie and skater shoes, do it. If you feel confident when you dress up, start dressing up every day. If you can't live without your Levi's, get five pair that match. . Develop a healthy interest in making your body work for you, in ways that make you proud. If you respect your body, people will see that you're a person worthy of being around. Find a physical activity that you enjoy and try to get in shape, as much as possible.  Not everybody has to play sports, or be cut rock climbers, but try to find something physical that you enjoy doing. Try doing free running, or skateboarding, or hiking, if you don't like traditional team-based sports. While it might seem like unhealthy vices like smoking, drugs, or alcohol can help you make friends, they won't help you keep friends in the long term, especially if you develop a problem with substance addiction. You want to be around people who have your best interest in mind, not people who want to screw it up. Practice healthy habits. . Nobody has a perfect body, or feels comfortable all day every day. But if you want people to enjoy being around you, try to put your self-consciousness and reservations about your body in the backseat and get comfortable being who you are. When you're young, it can be hard to figure out who exactly you are. Are you the kind of kid who picks up a guitar and dons a jean jacket and never takes it off? Are you the kind of kid who wears polo shirts and hangs out with the football team? Are you the kind of kid who games? There doesn't have to be a single answer to this question, and the more you're honest with yourself about your interests, your likes and dislikes, the more confident you'll be, and the more easily you'll be able to find friends who like you and want to be with you. Just because something is popular doesn't make it good. You don't have to be any particular way to fit in. If you love football and Magic: The Gathering equally, rep both at the same time. Be yourself.

What is a summary?