Information:  - When Emperor Shmu ordered two official temples for each province (one for male Buddhist priests and one for nuns), two temples were founded in Aki Province. The provincial temple was founded in present-day Saij, Higashihiroshima.  - The Mri clan ( "Mri-shi") was a family of "daimys", descended from e no Hiromoto and established themselves in Aki Province. Their name was derived from a shen in Mri, Aik District, Sagami Province. Hiromoto's descendants began to name themselves the Mri.  - History. Sagami was one of the original provinces of Japan established in the Nara period under the Taih Code. The area has been inhabited since prehistoric times. Although remnants from the Japanese Paleolithic and Yayoi periods are scarce, remains from the Jmon period are relatively plentiful. Kofun period remains are generally from the 1st  4th centuries AD. Whether or not Sagami was originally part of Musashi prior to the Nara period is still a topic of controversy.  - Araki Murashige (   , 1535 -- June 20 , 1586 ) was a retainer of Oda Nobunaga , and daimy ( feudal lord ) of Itami Castle during the late Sengoku period of the 16th century in Japanese history , in what is now Itami city in Hygo Prefecture . He commanded part of Nobunaga 's army in the ten - year siege of the Ishiyama Honganji , but was accused in 1578 of sympathies to the Mri clan , one of Nobunaga 's enemies , by Akechi Mitsuhide . He retreated to Itami and held out there against a one - year siege by the forces of Oda before the castle fell in 1579 ; Araki escaped , and lived out the rest of his life as a chanoyu disciple of Sen no Rikyu . There is a semi-legendary tale told about Araki 's creative use of a tessen , or iron fan , in saving his own life . After being accused of treason by Akechi Mitsuhide , Araki was called before his lord , Oda Nobunaga . As was customary , he bowed low over the threshold before entering the room . But he sensed somehow Nobunaga 's plan to have his guards slam the fusuma sliding doors on him , breaking his neck . Araki placed his fan in the doors ' groove , preventing the doors from closing . Nobunaga 's plan revealed , Araki 's life was spared , with much reconciliation . His son , raised under his mother 's name , was the significant artist Iwasa Matabei .  - e no Hiromoto ( ) (11481225) was a "kuge" (court noble) and vassal of Japan's Kamakura shogunate, and contributed to establishing the shogunate's governmental structure.  - , first called Jbei from his clan and later from his title, was a samurai and general who lived during the Sengoku period of Feudal Japan. His full name was thus Akechi Jbei Minamoto-no-Mitsuhide (  ).  - Japan ("Nippon" or "Nihon" ; formally "" or "Nihon-koku", means "State of Japan") is a sovereign island nation in Eastern Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, It is lying off the eastern coast of the Asia Mainland (east of China, Korea, Russia) and stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and near Taiwan in the southwest.   - The is a period in Japanese history marked by social upheaval, political intrigue and near-constant military conflict. Japanese historians named it after the otherwise unrelated Warring States period in China. It came to an end when all political power was unified under the Tokugawa shogunate.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'araki murashige' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - emperor  - military  - noble  - official  - prior  - samurai  - sovereign
A: