Definition: In this task, you're given a question, along with three passages, 1, 2, and 3. Your job is to determine which passage can be used to answer the question by searching for further information using terms from the passage. Indicate your choice as 1, 2, or 3.
Input: Question: Which town has a lower population, Hummelstown or Hershey? Passage 1:The eastern section of US 422 begins at a partial cloverleaf interchange with US 322 and the eastern terminus of PA 39 east of the borough of Hummelstown in Derry Township, Dauphin County, heading northeast as a four-lane divided highway. The road passes commercial development along with some farm fields and residential development as it heads into the community of Hershey, where it becomes West Chocolate Avenue. The route heads into a mix of homes and businesses and turns east-northeast, where it narrows to a two-lane undivided road. At this point, West Chocolate Avenue becomes lined with street lamps that are shaped like Hershey's Kisses. US 422 continues along West Chocolate Avenue and comes to an intersection with PA 743 at Cocoa Avenue in the center of Hershey. At this point, the route becomes East Chocolate Avenue, a three-lane divided with two eastbound lanes and one westbound lane that passes southeast of the Hershey Chocolate factory. The road becomes undivided, still with two eastbound lanes and one westbound lane, and passes near a few residences and businesses as it heads between two golf courses, narrowing to two lanes. US 422 runs past more residential and commercial development, leaving Hershey and heading through the community of Palmdale.
 Passage 2:Duan Ju was born in Tianjin. At the age of 17, he was called up to China youth football team. Duan Ju played for Tianjin football Team 2 from 1980 to 1983. From 1984 to 1991, Duan Ju played for Tianjin. In 1988, Duan Ju played for China in the 1988 Asian Cup and football match at the 1988 Olympic Games. In 1990, China lost to Thailand in football match at the 1990 Asian Games. The coach of China, Gao Fengwen quit office， then Duan Ju quit the China national team and returned to Tianjin. in 1992, Duan Ju had gone to Japan and played for NKK SC. In 1993, Duan Ju retired in Japan and returned to China. In 1995, Duan Ju played for Tianjin Yuancheng football club, in the same year， Duan Ju retired again.
 Passage 3:A temporary closure during World War II was followed by a period in which the theatre was managed on Seebold's behalf by a group associated with the J. Arthur Rank Organisation, who pursued a policy of employing young actors who later became important figures in film, television and theatre. Glenda Jackson, Susannah York, Charles Morgan, Maria Charles and several others appeared at the theatre during this period. In the 1950s, Alan Ayckbourn appeared in several plays at the Connaught. In 1956, Winston Churchill visited the theatre to see his daughter Sarah perform in Terence Rattigan's play Variation on a Theme. Harold Pinter acted at the Connaught under the stage name David Baron, moving to a house just a few yards from the theatre in Ambrose Place in the 1960s. Pinter's first wife, actress Vivien Merchant acted at the Connaught during this period. Giles Cooper worked with Pinter at the Connaught. Robin Maugham wrote several plays which he directed and premiered at the Connaught, including The Claimant (1962) and Winter in Ischia (1964). Actress Marina Sirtis, perhaps best known for her role on , began her career in repertory at the Connaught in 1976. Actor Robert Blythe has also worked in repertory theatre at the Connaught.

Output: