Title: Disappointed in the Debate

Characters: 
- Peter: A 28-year-old accountant who closely follows politics
- Ashley: A 30-year-old teacher who is also interested in politics

(Scene: Peter and Ashley are sitting on the couch in their living room, having just finished watching a political debate. The room is cozy, with several bookshelves and a flat-screen TV. There is a coffee table in front of the couch, with some snacks and drinks on it.)

Peter: (sighs) Well, that was definitely an underwhelming debate. I can hardly believe these are the people we're considering to represent us.

Ashley: (nods) I felt the same. There was hardly any real substance or concrete policy discussions. Just a lot of vague statements and finger-pointing. I was expecting so much more.

Peter: I know, right? It's like they were just pandering to their bases and completely ignoring the critical issues we're facing today. For instance, I wanted to know their opinion on tax reforms, plans for addressing income inequality, or even possible healthcare policies – something with genuine substance.

Ashley: (leaning forward) Exactly! We're facing so many serious issues – climate change, immigration, gun control, and yet, they barely touched upon any of these. Just typical political rhetoric and grandstanding.

Peter: (shakes his head) It's frustrating because people need to make informed decisions on who they want to lead the country. How can we do that if the candidates don't give any insight into their plans?

Ashley: (sighs) The moderators didn't do much better either. They could have pressed the candidates for more specifics or held their feet to the fire when they dodged questions. It was as if they were just playing along with the vagueness.

Peter: True. And it's unfortunate because these debates should help voters better understand the candidates' stances on issues so that they can make informed choices on election day. I don't feel like we even got close to that from this debate.

Ashley: (nods) We have social media, 24/7 news coverage, and countless articles written about the candidates and their policies. You'd think there'd be some accountability for them to actually present solid proposals during these debates.

Peter: You're right. In fact, I found some really informative articles online that provide clear and concise explanations of their policies and ideologies. It's a shame that the same level of clarity and details isn't reflected during the debates, where it could be accessible for everyone.

Ashley: (smiles) Maybe we should start a petition to reform the way political debates are conducted. You know, to encourage meaningful discussions and in-depth analysis of the candidates' proposals.

Peter: That's not a bad idea at all. We could probably come up with a reasonable list of demands for the debate organizers – like limiting each candidate's speaking time, asking them to present their policies in writing before the debate, or even suggesting the use of fact-checkers to ensure accuracy.

Ashley: And maybe even restricting personal attacks and promoting a more constructive atmosphere overall. Encourage candidates to focus on their policies and ideas rather than just hurling accusations at each other.

Peter: (nodding) I love that idea. Let's draft a letter to the debate committee tomorrow and see if we can gather some support. We deserve to hear real solutions to our nation's problems, rather than just empty words.

Ashley: (smiling) Agreed. And who knows, maybe our little push will help improve political discourse and ultimately lead to a more educated and informed electorate.

(Scene fades out as Peter and Ashley continue discussing their ideas and plans for reform.)

[end of dialog]