Student A:The Master is a fictional character on the action-horror / fantasy television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 -- 2003). He is a centuries-old vampire portrayed by Mark Metcalf, determined to open the portal to hell below Sunnydale High School in the fictional town of Sunnydale where the main character Buffy Summers lives. The premise of the series is that Buffy (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is a Slayer, a teenage girl endowed with superhuman strength and other powers which she uses to kill vampires and other evil beings. Each season of the series Buffy and the small group of family and friends who work with her, nicknamed the Scooby Gang, must defeat an evil force referred to as the Big Bad; the villain is usually trying to bring on an apocalypse. The Master is the first season's Big Bad.

Who plays the master in buffy season 1?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: He is a centuries-old vampire portrayed by Mark Metcalf, determined to open the portal to hell below Sunnydale High School in the fictional town of Sunnydale where the main character Buffy Summers lives.
Mark Metcalf.

Problem:Passage: Jack Peter Shepherd (born 14 January 1988) is an English actor. He has portrayed the character of David Platt in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street since April 2000.

Question: Based on this passage, actor who plays david platt in coronation street?
Solution:OK... The important part for answering this question is: He has portrayed the character of David Platt in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street since April 2000.
Jack Peter Shepherd.

Student A:Context: Skin of my teeth (Hebrew: ע֣וֹר שִׁנָּֽי ‎' ō-wr šin-nāy) is a phrase from the Bible. In Job 19: 20, the King James Version of the Bible says, "My bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped with the skin of my teeth." In the Geneva Bible, the phrase is rendered as "I have escaped with the skinne of my tethe."

Question: where did by the skin of my teeth come from?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Skin of my teeth (Hebrew: ע֣וֹר שִׁנָּֽי ‎' ō-wr šin-nāy) is a phrase from the Bible.
the Bible.

Problem:Passage: Just-in-time (JIT) manufacturing, also known as just-in-time production or the Toyota Production System (TPS), is a methodology aimed primarily at reducing flow times within production system as well as response times from suppliers and to customers. Its origin and development was in Japan, largely in the 1960s and 1970s and particularly at Toyota.

Question: Based on this passage, what is just in time in operation management?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: Just-in-time (JIT) manufacturing, also known as just-in-time production or the Toyota Production System (TPS), is a methodology aimed primarily at reducing flow times within production system as well as response times from suppliers and to customers.
a methodology aimed primarily at reducing flow times within production system as well as response times from suppliers and to customers.

Student A:Hope Springs Eternal is a phrase from the Alexander Pope poem An Essay on Man

Where does the quote hope springs eternal come from?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Hope Springs Eternal is a phrase from the Alexander Pope poem An Essay on Man
the Alexander Pope poem An Essay on Man.

Student A:Pinellas County is a county located in the state of Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 916,542. The county is part of the Tampa -- St. Petersburg -- Clearwater, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. Clearwater is the county seat, and St. Petersburg is the largest city.

Answer this question: what is the largest city in pinellas county?
Student B: