Write a summary based on this article:

A Dallas police sergeant has filed a federal lawsuit against Black Lives Matter leaders and others, blaming the movement for race riots and violence against police officers. 
  
 Sgt. Demetrick Pennie, president of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation and a 17-year law enforcement veteran, filed the amended complaint in federal court Friday. Conservative news site Breitbart published the lawsuit in an article that evening. 
  
  
  
 The listed defendants include not only those associated with the Black Lives Matter movement but public figures such as the Rev. Al Sharpton, Louis Farrahkan, George Soros, the New Black Panthers Party and even President Barack Obama and presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. 
  
 According to the suit, the defendants "have repeatedly incited their supporters and others to engage in threats of and attacks to cause serious bodily injury or death upon police officers and other law enforcement persons of all races and ethnicities." 
  
 The suit accuses the defendants of inciting supporters and others "to engage in threats and attacks" against law enforcement officers around the country, including the July 7 murders of five Dallas officers by Micah Johnson after a Black Lives Matter demonstration. 
  
 Pennie is being represented by Larry Klayman of lobbying organization FreedomWatch. 
  
 "Sergeant Pennie and I feel duty-bound to put ourselves forward to seek an end to the incitement of violence against law enforcement which has already resulted in the death of five police officers in Dallas and the wounding of seven more, just in Texas alone," Breitbart quoted Klayman as saying in a release. 
  
 The 66-page complaint seeks damages of more than $500 million. 
  
 A Dallas Morning News editorial in July commended Pennie for inviting Cleveland Browns football star Isaiah Crowell to attend the funeral of one of the slain Dallas officers after Crowell briefly posted an anti-police image on social media in anger over the deaths of African-Americans in police-involved shootings nationwide. 
  
 On Twitter: 
  
 @typewriterninja ||||| The amended complaint, which seeks large damages and an injunction to have these threats of severe bodily injury and death, and actual violence, be ordered to cease and desist, can be found at www.freedomwatchusa.org. 
  
 Klayman had this to say: 
  
 "Sergeant Pennie and I feel duty-bound to put ourselves forward to seek an end to the incitement of violence against law enforcement which has already resulted in the death of five police officers in Dallas and the wounding of seven more, just in Texas alone. Other assaults and deaths have occurred elsewhere. While the case was filed in Texas, it will create precedent around the nation that law enforcement, which ironically protects the very persons who are alleged to have incited this violence, should be respected. The defendants, if not legally reined in, are allegedly responsible, along with others, for igniting a race war that will ultimately totally destroy the freedoms that our Founding Fathers bequeathed to us." 
  
 For interviews contact (424) 274-2579 or daj142182@gmail.com 
  
 View amended complaint: 
  
 http://www.freedomwatchusa.org/pdf/160916-BLM%20Amended%20Complaint%20.pdf 
  
 Media contact: Adrienne Mazzone 561-750-9800 x2270; amazzone@transmediagroup.com. 
  
 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sergeant-demetrick-pennie-of-dallas-police-department-becomes-plaintiff-in-class-action-suit-against-black-lives-matter-farrakhan-nation-of-islam-sharpton-eric-holder-obama-clinton-soros-and-others-over-allegedly-inciting-a-300329522.html 
  
 SOURCE Larry Klayman |||||