Question: Information:  - Johann Kuhnau (6 April 16605 June 1722) was a German polymath: known primarily as composer today, he was also active as novelist, translator, lawyer, and music theorist, being able late in life to combine these activities with the duties of his official post of "Thomaskantor" in Leipzig, which he occupied for 21 years. Much of his music, including operas, masses, and other large-scale vocal works, is lost. His reputation today rests on a set of programmatic keyboard sonatas published in 1700, in which each sonata depicted in detail a particular story from the Bible. After his death, Kuhnau was succeeded as "Thomaskantor" by Johann Sebastian Bach.  - Der beglückte Florindo ( HWV 3 ) is an opera composed by Handel at the request of Reinhard Keiser , the manager of the Hamburg Opera . It was first performed ( after Handel had left for Italy ) at the Theater am Gänsemarkt in January 1708 . It was probably directed from the harpsichord by Christoph Graupner . The opera was the first part of a double opera , with the second part , Die verwandelte Daphne , intended to be performed on the following evening . Keiser inserted a play in low German , called die lustige Hochzeit , into the opera , afraid that the audience would get tired otherwise . Handel was not pleased , according to Romain Rolland . Only fragments of the score survive , but a copy of the libretto exists in the Library of Congress . The libretto was by Hinrich Hinsch , a lawyer , who also wrote the text for Keiser 's first opera in Hamburg : Mahumet II ( 1696 ) , based on the life of Mehmet II. Hinsch had been writing librettos since 1681 . He died in 1712 .  - Georg Philipp Telemann ( 25 June 1767) was a German Baroque composer and multi-instrumentalist. Almost completely self-taught in music, he became a composer against his family's wishes. After studying in Magdeburg, Zellerfeld, and Hildesheim, Telemann entered the University of Leipzig to study law, but eventually settled on a career in music. He held important positions in Leipzig, Sorau, Eisenach, and Frankfurt before settling in Hamburg in 1721, where he became musical director of the city's five main churches. While Telemann's career prospered, his personal life was always troubled: his first wife died only a few months after their marriage, and his second wife had extramarital affairs and accumulated a large gambling debt before leaving Telemann.  - Reinhard Keiser (9 January 167412 September 1739) was a popular German opera composer based in Hamburg. He wrote over a hundred operas. Johann Adolf Scheibe (writing in 1745) considered him an equal to Johann Kuhnau, George Frideric Handel and Georg Philipp Telemann (also associated with the Oper am Gänsemarkt), but his work was largely forgotten for many decades.  - Christoph Graupner (13 January 1683 in Kirchberg  10 May 1760 in Darmstadt) was a German harpsichordist and composer of high Baroque music who was a contemporary of Johann Sebastian Bach, Georg Philipp Telemann and George Frideric Handel.  - Johann Sebastian Bach (28 July 1750) was a German composer and musician of the Baroque period. He enriched established German styles through his skill in counterpoint, harmonic and motivic organisation, and the adaptation of rhythms, forms, and textures from abroad, particularly from Italy and France. Bach's compositions include the "Brandenburg Concertos", the "Goldberg Variations", the Mass in B minor, two Passions, and over three hundred cantatas of which around two hundred survive. His music is revered for its technical command, artistic beauty, and intellectual depth.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'composer' with 'george frideric handel'.
Answer: