Ans: Nintendo sound designer Koji Kondo
Ques: Context: The "Super Mario Bros. theme", officially known as the "Ground Theme" (地上 BGM, Chijō BGM, lit. "Aboveground BGM") or Overworld Theme, is a musical theme originally heard in the first stage of the 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System video game Super Mario Bros ... It was one of six themes composed for the game by Nintendo sound designer Koji Kondo, who found it to be the most difficult track to compose for it. The theme has a calypso rhythm and usually receives a corresponding orchestration in games whose sound synthesizers can imitate steel drums.

Question: who made the super mario bros theme song?
CoT: The relevant sentence in the passage is: It was one of six themes composed for the game by Nintendo sound designer Koji Kondo, who found it to be the most difficult track to compose for it.


Ans: Bill Withers
Ques: "Lovely Day" is a song by American soul and R&B singer Bill Withers. Written by Withers and Skip Scarborough, it was released on December 21, 1977 and appears on Withers' 1978 album Menagerie.

Based on this passage, who sings the song it's going to be a lovely day?
CoT: To answer the question, consider the following: "Lovely Day" is a song by American soul and R&B singer Bill Withers.


Answer: Dustin Luis Pedroia. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
Ques: Context: Dustin Luis Pedroia (born August 17, 1983) is an American baseball second baseman for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB). He is a four-time All-Star and an American League (AL) Most Valuable Player award winner, who has also received four Gold Glove Awards and a single Silver Slugger award.

Question: who plays second base for the boston red sox?
CoT: To answer the question, consider the following: Dustin Luis Pedroia (born August 17, 1983) is an American baseball second baseman for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB).


Ans: designed by French sculptor Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi and built by Gustave Eiffel
Ques: Passage: The Statue of Liberty (Liberty Enlightening the World; French: La Liberté éclairant le monde) is a colossal neoclassical sculpture on Liberty Island in New York Harbor in New York City, in the United States. The copper statue, a gift from the people of France to the people of the United States, was designed by French sculptor Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi and built by Gustave Eiffel. The statue was dedicated on October 28, 1886.

Question: Based on this passage, who made the statue of liberty in new york?
CoT: The important part for answering this question is: The copper statue, a gift from the people of France to the people of the United States, was designed by French sculptor Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi and built by Gustave Eiffel.


Ans: Carly Foulkes
Ques: Carly Foulkes (born August 4, 1988), also known colloquially as The T-Mobile Girl, is a Canadian model and actress who became known for appearing in a series of T-Mobile myTouch 4G television commercials, in which she often wore pink / magenta-and-white summer dresses. She continued as spokeswoman in other T-Mobile ads in which she was depicted as a pink-and-black leather-clad biker girl. She served as the T-Mobile spokesman primarily from fall 2010 until spring 2013, with occasional appearances since then.

Who is girl in t mobile tv commercial?
CoT: The relevant sentence in the passage is: Carly Foulkes (born August 4, 1988), also known colloquially as The T-Mobile Girl, is a Canadian model and actress who became known for appearing in a series of T-Mobile myTouch 4G television commercials, in which she often wore pink / magenta-and-white summer dresses.


Answer: John Bradley West. Now, what could be the question and solution-maybe?
