Iconic: Thirty years ago this month, influential teen magazine Just Seventeen launched and after its untimely close in 2004, Stylist magazine have paid tribute. Thirty years ago this month influential teen magazine Just Seventeen landed on newsagents' shelves. With its hunky cover stars (Ronan Keating in a lilac satin shirt is just one example), sex tips and informative advice pages for girls who might have 'gone too far behind the bike sheds', J17, as it came to be known, was the best thing about Wednesdays. The publication folded in 2004 after losing a third of its readership, but Stylist.co.uk have paid tribute to the magazine that defined our teenage years (and beyond) with a brilliant open letter this week ... "Dear Just Seventeen, we know you won't read this now that you're gone, but we owe you a thank you. We only spent a few years together, but I'll never forget them. When we met, we weren't 'just seventeen' at all. We were barely 13, stuck in small towns and dreaming of more. All we remember of our first encounter was that we were quickly smitten. With your advice (yes to backcombed hair, no to sensible shoes), celebrity gossip and knowledge of all things boy-shaped, you were like the most popular girl at school… except you actually wanted to hang out with us. Every Wednesday we would hot-foot it to the newsagent and hand over 70p and revel in your company. The shop shelves were filled with other teen mags, but they were never as cool as you. OK,. so you had a fondness for Terry from East 17. But you also introduced. us to Keanu Reeves, The Smashing Pumpkins, Damon Albarn and River. Phoenix. Although, as we learned from real life stories such as, 'Suspended For Loving Keanu', it's important to keep your celebrity. crushes in perspective. While other mags swooned over 90210 heartthrob Jason Priestley, you leaned towards bad boy Luke Perry who was much hotter. Best friend: 'With your advice (yes to backcombed hair, no to sensible shoes), celebrity gossip and knowledge of all things boy-shaped, you were like the most popular girl at school' You championed outsiders and made us feel slightly less of one. You didn't flaunt flashy clothes or. expensive make-up, but taught us how to make a banana face scrub -. utilised pre-school disco. And when he still didn't ask us to dance, you. helped us with 'Make Him Yours With Zero Effort'. You. taught us boys (aka boyfs) were fun - but friends were better. And you. talked about sex a lot, which we didn't always quite understand but we. still read and stored away for future knowledge. But. despite our infatuation, in the end, it was us who dumped you for a. glossier, more experienced crowd. Although, they were never as fun as. you. A few years later, you shortened your name to J-17, and only came out once a month. Helpful advice: You taught us boys (aka boyfs) were fun - but friends were better. And you talked about sex a lot, which we didn't always quite understand but we still read and stored away for future knowledge. Teenagers were growing up fast and suddenly didn't feel the need for your sassy thinkpieces and cool quizzes. We feel sorry for them today with their Snapchat, they haven't had your knowing hand to guide them away from mistakes and towards self-confidence. We hoped we'd meet again when we were older and working on a magazine. But in 2004, you went away forever. followed by those other teen titles Sugar, Smash Hits and More!. We still miss you, but at least we've got Luke Perry. " To read the full article, which includes a piece by Just Seventeen's launch editor, David Hepworth, and new advice pages by agony aunt and uncle Anita Naik and Nick Fisher, visit Stylist's website.

What are highlight points for this article?