Summarize the following:
While you can't lose weight from one part of your body specifically, losing weight from your entire body will also lower the amount of fat in your thighs. If you have good underlying muscle tone, this should leave you with slimmer, firmer thighs. Your first step should be to start keeping track of how many calories you eat per day — you may be surprised how quickly they can pile up. Calorie counters can be a huge help here. These handy online programs allow you to input the food you eat each day to get an accurate count for your calorie intake, then input your height, weight, sex, and exercise level to figure out how many calories you've burnt. Great calorie counters are available at Fatsecret.com, Myfitnesspal.com, and more.There are even calorie counter apps available for download to mobile devices. Once you know how many calories you're eating each day, losing weight is simple (though often not easy.) As long as you eat fewer calories than you burn during the day, you will lose weight — it's just a matter of time. The greater the gap between the calories you intake and the calories you expend, the quicker you'll lose weight. Note, however, that any diet that leaves you unbearably hungry or unable to function is not a healthy one. In general, one pound of body mass is equal to about 3,500 calories. Losing this many calories is more or less equal to losing one pound. In other words, if you have a calorie deficit of 500 calories per day, you'll lose about a pound per week because 500 × 7 = 3,500. Going on a diet doesn't mean starving your body of the things it needs to function. In fact, since you're eating less than you normally would, it's extra important to eat healthy so that your body gets adequate nutrition. As you stick to your diet, remember that you're aiming to skimp on calories, not nutrients, and plan your meals accordingly.  This means that high-calorie, low-nutrient foods (like processed foods, sweets, greasy snack foods, and so on) should be the first things to go. In fact, if you tend to overindulge in these sorts of foods, you may notice that removing them from your diet is enough to make you lose weight without changing anything else. On the other hand, high-nutrient, low-calorie foods are a must. For example, nutrition-dense vegetables like kale and spinach can give you loads of vitamins and minerals for very few calories, while whole wheat grains provide plenty of energy and filling fiber. Even lean meats like chicken breast can provide filling, satisfying protein (a must if you're trying to build muscle) without having a caloric load that's unmanageable. For more information, see our article on so-called superfoods. " Going on a diet shouldn't mean making yourself absolutely miserable. It's OK to enjoy life's culinary pleasures from time to time, especially at special occasions like holidays, birthday parties, and so on. As long as you return to your diet the next day, any sort minor indulgence is unlikely to hurt your progress in the long term. In fact, the boost in morale from a single diet "cheat" day can be so rewarding that some dieticians actually recommend it. Think of it like the productivity boost you get at work or school after going on vacation — taking some time off makes it easier to stay focused in the long term. As noted above, there are wrong ways to lose weight. For instance, losing weight too quickly can be harmful — even a cause of numerous health problems if it's prolonged. In addition, any sort of diet that relies on starvation, purging, or other drastic solutions should be out of the question. These tactics constitute eating disorders — potentially serious conditions that require medical intervention.

Summary: