Summarize this article:

Cuadrado smashed home the only goal with a powerful first-time 25-yard strike after Inter failed to properly clear a corner.
They also hit the woodwork through Paulo Dybala and Miralem Pjanic.
Inter, who had won their last seven Serie A games, had Ivan Perisic shown a second yellow for dissent late on.
Juventus could have scored more and Dybala's fantastic 20-yard effort from 15 yards hit the bar, while Pjanic's free-kick was tipped onto the bar by Inter keeper Samir Handanovic.
Inter had chances too, with Roberto Gagliardini firing over from 12 yards out and then heading straight at Gianluigi Buffon.
Joao Mario and Mauro Icardi also missed chances for the Nerazzurri, who have dropped down to fifth place this weekend.
Juve - champions for the past five seasons - are six points above Napoli, with a game in hand.
Earlier on Sunday, Lazio midfielder Marco Parolo scored four times in a 6-2 win over Pescara and AC Milan lost 1-0 at home to Sampdoria, their fourth defeat in a row.
Match ends, Juventus 1, Inter Milan 0.
Second Half ends, Juventus 1, Inter Milan 0.
Ivan Perisic (Inter Milan) is shown the red card.
Samir Handanovic (Inter Milan) is shown the yellow card.
Foul by Jeison Murillo (Inter Milan).
Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Corner,  Inter Milan. Conceded by Giorgio Chiellini.
Hand ball by Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus).
Attempt missed. Dani Alves (Juventus) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Gonzalo Higuaín.
Ivan Perisic (Inter Milan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Dani Alves (Juventus).
Danilo D'Ambrosio (Inter Milan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Claudio Marchisio (Juventus).
Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Samir Handanovic.
Attempt saved. Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Sami Khedira with a cross.
Corner,  Juventus. Conceded by Miranda.
Attempt blocked. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Foul by Ivan Perisic (Inter Milan).
Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Juventus. Daniele Rugani replaces Paulo Dybala.
Attempt missed. Jeison Murillo (Inter Milan) left footed shot from the right side of the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assisted by Rodrigo Palacio.
Substitution, Juventus. Dani Alves replaces Stephan Lichtsteiner.
Substitution, Inter Milan. Rodrigo Palacio replaces João Mário.
Foul by João Mário (Inter Milan).
Claudio Marchisio (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Paulo Dybala.
Foul by Jeison Murillo (Inter Milan).
Paulo Dybala (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
Roberto Gagliardini (Inter Milan) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Foul by Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus).
Foul by Ivan Perisic (Inter Milan).
Alex Sandro (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Juventus. Claudio Marchisio replaces Juan Cuadrado.
Foul by Jeison Murillo (Inter Milan).
Alex Sandro (Juventus) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Offside, Inter Milan. Jeison Murillo tries a through ball, but Ivan Perisic is caught offside.
Attempt missed. Mauro Icardi (Inter Milan) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by João Mário following a fast break.
Sami Khedira (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
João Mário (Inter Milan) wins a free kick in the attacking half.

Summary: