By. Sophie Jane Evans. This is the moment two robbers beat up a bus conductor - only for a crowd of vigilantes to break into the vehicle and mob them just minutes later. The thugs were captured carrying out the brutal assault on a bus in Jaboatão dos Guararapes in Pernambuco, Brazil, yesterday. They could be seen punching, kicking and throttling the conductor - before attempting to steal wads of cash from the till. Scroll down for video. Attack: Two robbers beat up a bus conductor in Jaboatão dos Guararapes in Pernambuco, Brazil, yesterday. Brutal: They can be seen punching, kicking and throttling the cashier, who is wearing a pale blue shirt and jeans. Afraid: But they are stopped when a group of vigilantes spot what is going on. Above, the thugs cower in the bus. Revenge: The vigilantes crowd on to the bus, before kicking, punching and shouting insults at one of the robbers. The other thug has managed to escape the bus, but is being chased down the street by others. However, they were stopped when vigilantes spotted what was going on, broke into the bus and mobbed them. The shocking incident was caught on CCTV and later posted on LiveLeak and YouTube. Footage shows the young men walking on to the bus and paying, before strolling out of sight - only to return just seconds later. The conductor then asks them to move down the bus - at which point, the pair turn on him and start punching, choking and shoving him around. The robbers enter the bus: The shocking attack was caught on CCTV and later posted on LiveLeak and YouTube. Paying: Footage shows the men paying the conductor, before strolling out of sight - only to return seconds later. Instructions: The conductor then asks the robbers to move down the bus - at which point, the pair turn on him. Fury: The thugs start punching, choking and shoving the conductor, who unsuccessfully tries to protect himself. The victim unsuccessfully attempts to protect himself using his hands and feet - but finally manages to escape out of a window as the bus comes to a halt. Meanwhile, the robbers appear unsure as to whether to leave the stationary vehicle or not as they spot a large crowd of passersby waiting outside. One of them cautiously waits at the door, but is forced out on to the street when another passenger flees the vehicle. Stealing: One of the robbers, donning a black cap and green top, is pictured trying to steal cash from the till. Fleeing: The conductor finally manages to escape as the bus comes to a halt, while one robber steps outside and is confronted by the vigilantes. Seconds later, he flees the scene, leaving his accomplice inside the bus. Looking worried: The remaining robber appears unsure as to whether to leave the stationary vehicle or not. He can then be seen running away from the vehicle as several angry members of the public give chase. Meanwhile, the other thug is captured cowering inside the bus, holding his hands behind his head, as the mass of vigilantes crash through the doors of the vehicle. But despite his submissive gestures, the mob crowd on to the bus - before kicking, punching and shouting insults at the fallen robber. Closing in: As the vigilantes close in, the thug cowers inside the bus, while holding his hands behind his head. Lunging for him: But despite his submissive gestures, the mob crowd on to the bus and reach out for the thug. Violent: CCTV footage captures the vigilantes kicking, punching and shouting insults at the fallen robber. The video ends with footage of the vigilantes dragging the thug on to the streets, before restraining him and waiting for the police to arrive. It is not known whether anyone has been arrested following the incident.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: