Information:  - Conscription, or drafting, is the compulsory enlistment of people in a national service, most often a military service. Conscription dates back to antiquity and continues in some countries to the present day under various names. The modern system of near-universal national conscription for young men dates to the French Revolution in the 1790s, where it became the basis of a very large and powerful military. Most European nations later copied the system in peacetime, so that men at a certain age would serve 18 years on active duty and then transfer to the reserve force.  - A conscientious objector is an "individual who has claimed the right to refuse to perform military service" on the grounds of freedom of thought, conscience, or religion. In general, conscientious objector status is considered only in the context of military conscription and is not applicable to volunteer military forces.  - The Big Read was a survey on books carried out by the BBC in the United Kingdom in 2003, where over three quarters of a million votes were received from the British public to find the nation's best-loved novel of all time. The year-long survey was the biggest single test of public reading taste to date, and culminated with several programmes hosted by celebrities, advocating their favourite books.  - The Starlight Barking is a 1967 children's novel by Dodie Smith. It is a sequel to the 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians".  - Dorothy Gladys "Dodie" Smith (3 May 1896  24 November 1990) was an English children's novelist and playwright, known best for the novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians" (1956). Other works include "I Capture the Castle" (1948), and "The Starlight Barking" (1967). "The Hundred and One Dalmatians" was adapted into a 1961 Disney animated movie version. Her novel "I Capture the Castle" was adapted into a 2003 movie version. "I Capture the Castle" was voted number 82 as "one of the nation's 100 best-loved novels" by the British public as part of the BBC's The Big Read (2003).  - I Capture the Castle is the first novel by the British author Dodie Smith , written during the Second World War when she and her husband Alec Beesley ( also British and a conscientious objector ) were living in California . She longed for home and wrote of a happier time , unspecified in the novel apart from a reference to living in the 1930s . Smith was already an established playwright and later became famous for writing the children 's classic The Hundred and One Dalmatians . The novel relates the adventures of an eccentric family , the Mortmains , struggling to live in genteel poverty in a decaying castle during the 1930s . The first person narrator is Cassandra Mortmain , an intelligent teenager who tells the story through her journal . It is a coming - of - age story in which Cassandra passes from being a girl at the beginning to being a young woman at the end . In 2003 the novel was listed at number 82 in the BBC 's survey The Big Read .  - The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is a British public service broadcaster. It is headquartered at Broadcasting House in London, is the world's oldest national broadcasting organisation, and is the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, with over 20,950 staff in total, of whom 16,672 are in public sector broadcasting; including part-time, flexible as well as fixed contract staff, the total number is 35,402.  - The Hundred and One Dalmatians, or the Great Dog Robbery is a 1956 children's novel by Dodie Smith about the kidnapping of a family of 101 Dalmatian dogs. A sequel, "The Starlight Barking", continues from the end of the first novel.    What is the relationship between 'i capture the castle' and '1948'?