Food - ONION BAGELS, YES- AND NOW, SPINACH OR CHOCOLATE CHIP - NYTimes.com
HOW do you like your bagels? Sesame? Onion? Pumpernickel? How about spinach? And are you ready for chocolate chip? Countless bagel bakeries on the Island have bagels in several flavors, but at Bagel Boss in Hicksville, the varieties definitely break new ground. Chocolate chip and spinach bagels, which they bake regularly, might appeal to the curious, ready to sample anything new.

The spinach is salt-free, slightly vegetal-tasting and good with cheese. As for the chocolate chip, it ranks fairly low on my list of culinary delights, about on a par with chocolate cream cheese.

Cinnamon raisin, on the other hand, while no longer a novelty, is given distinctive character at Bagel Boss with the cinnamon traced in deep swirls and plenty of big juicy raisins throughout. These can become addictive.

The cinnamon raisin bagels - like the chocolate chip, spinach, rich egg, savory rye and excellent whole wheat bagels - are huge, almost twice the size of a common bagel. And unlike what Mel Rosner, the owner of Bagel Boss, estimates to be 95 percent of the bagels sold today, they are made by hand, not machine.

''Someone invented a bagel machine about 15 years ago, and that changed the whole business,'' Mr. Rosner said. ''Until then, bagels were always made by hand, but now the handmade is dying out.''

The large bagels made and sold at Bagel Boss are all hand-rolled by Sol Sapadin, a baker, who estimates that he makes 72,000 bagels a week by hand to accommodate retail sales and wholesale accounts. A new vegetable flavor, combining sweet potatoes, carrots, broccoli and spinach in the dough, will be introduced shortly. Smaller bagels, the plain classic plus six other flavors (onion, garlic, salt, sesame, poppyseed and pumpernickel), are stamped out by machine.

Bagel Boss, which does a lively wholesale business, also makes minibagels and even miniature bialys, these particularly appealing for elegant brunches. Onion boards, regular bialys, bialy sticks, onion and garlic breads and caraway-flavored braided bagel rolls, ideal for sandwiches, are some other specialties.

For parties, Bagel Boss will take orders for giant bagels, two feet in diameter, that can be split and layered with various fillings to feed about a dozen guests. These are priced at $5.

Fillings for bagels - whether giant, mini, extra large or normal - include the whitefish salad, baked salmon salad or all-natural vegetable cream cheese spread also made by Bagel Boss. Bags of ''bagel thins,'' crisp, toasted thin bagel slices, are 79 cents each. If you buy two bags, the third one is free.

Similarly, purchasing a dozen bagels, either of the hand-rolled varieties at 30 cents each or the regular ones at 20 cents, entitles you to an extra one. Minibagels and minibialys are $1.30 a dozen, and many of the other specialty items are 40 cents each.

Mr. Rosner's partners in the business are two of his sons, Randy and Jerry. A third son, Adam, who is 17 years old, is apprenticing. ''We bought what was a very ordinary and not particularly well-run bagel bakery about five years ago,'' said Mr. R osner, who has been inthe business for 35 years. ''Almost from the beginning we started adding flavor s and sizes, but it's been gradual. The salads and cheese are th e newest line.''

Bagel Boss, which also sells hot coffee, daily newspapers, dairy products and some very dreary commercial pastries that really do not deserve to be displayed alongside the bagels, is open every day, 24 hours a day. The address is 432 South Oyster Bay Road, Hicksville. The telephone number is 681-1856 or 935-9879.

Illustrations: photo of Mel Rosner
What is a short summary of the above article?