Question: Context: Transverse tubules (T-tubules) are extensions of the cell membrane that penetrate into the centre of skeletal and cardiac muscle cells. With membranes that contain large concentrations of ion channels, transporters, and pumps, T-tubules permit rapid transmission of the action potential into the cell, and also play an important role in regulating cellular calcium concentration. Through these mechanisms, T-tubules allow heart muscle cells to contract more forcefully by synchronising calcium release throughout the cell. T-tubule structure may be affected by disease, potentially contributing to heart failure and arrhythmias. Although these structures were first seen in 1897, research into T-tubule biology is ongoing.

Question: t or transverse tubules in skeletal muscle function to?
Answer: The relevant information to answer the above question is: With membranes that contain large concentrations of ion channels, transporters, and pumps, T-tubules permit rapid transmission of the action potential into the cell, and also play an important role in regulating cellular calcium concentration. The answer is permit rapid transmission of the action potential into the cell , and also play an important role in regulating cellular calcium concentration.

Question: The Hall was originally supposed to have been called the Central Hall of Arts and Sciences, but the name was changed to the Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences by Queen Victoria upon laying the Hall's foundation stone in 1867, in memory of her husband consort, Prince Albert who had died six years earlier. It forms the practical part of a memorial to the Prince Consort -- the decorative part is the Albert Memorial directly to the north in Kensington Gardens, now separated from the Hall by Kensington Gore.

Answer this question: who is the royal albert hall named after?
Answer: The important part for answering this question is: The Hall was originally supposed to have been called the Central Hall of Arts and Sciences, but the name was changed to the Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences by Queen Victoria upon laying the Hall's foundation stone in 1867, in memory of her husband consort, Prince Albert who had died six years earlier. The answer is Prince Albert.

Question: Passage: The river originates at the confluence of the Bow and Oldman Rivers near Grassy Lake, Alberta. The waters of these two rivers, in turn, originate from glaciers in the Rocky Mountains near the British Columbia and Montana border. The Red Deer River is a major tributary of the South Saskatchewan merging 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of the Alberta-Saskatchewan border. The Lake Diefenbaker reservoir was created with the construction of the Gardiner and Qu'Appelle River dams in Saskatchewan. Water from the South Saskatchewan flowing through the dams provides approximately 19 percent of the hydro-electricity generated by SaskPower.

Question: Based on this passage, where does the bow river meet the south saskatchewan?
Answer: To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: The river originates at the confluence of the Bow and Oldman Rivers near Grassy Lake, Alberta. The answer is at the confluence of the Bow and Oldman Rivers near Grassy Lake , Alberta.

Question: Rider King Strong (born December 11, 1979), born as Rider King Strong, is an American actor, director, voice actor, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his role as Shawn Hunter on the 1990s sitcom Boy Meets World and its 2014 sequel Girl Meets World. He is also known for his role in the 2002 horror film Cabin Fever, and he is also known as the voice of Tom Lucitor in Star vs. the Forces of Evil.

Answer this question: who played shawn hunter on boy meets world?
Answer: