Chelsea loanee Kiwomya's first-half strike put the Railwaymen in front with the fourth goal of his loan spell at Gresty Road.
Kiwomya punished Exeter's high line when he ran clear onto George Cooper's high ball over the top and fired into the bottom corner.
Chris Dagnall should have doubled Crewe's lead after latching onto Jack Stacey's mistake, rounding Olejnik only to drag his shot past the post from a tight angle.
After the break Stacey clipped the crossbar with a chip and Jake Taylor's deflected shot fizzed wide as the Grecians threatened to level.
Dagnall's luck was out again when his angled drive crashed onto the post as City were put under the cosh after half-time.
Olejnik tipped over Jon Guthrie's header, but was beaten by midfielder Hollands who got in behind to shoot under Bobby Olejnik with three minutes left.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
Match ends, Crewe Alexandra 2, Exeter City 0.
Second Half ends, Crewe Alexandra 2, Exeter City 0.
Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by George Ray.
Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Zoumana Bakayogo.
Foul by Charlie Kirk (Crewe Alexandra).
Matt Oakley (Exeter City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
Attempt saved. Ollie Watkins (Exeter City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Goal!  Crewe Alexandra 2, Exeter City 0. Danny Hollands (Crewe Alexandra) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Chris Dagnall.
Corner,  Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Jack Stacey.
Substitution, Crewe Alexandra. Charlie Kirk replaces George Cooper.
Attempt missed. Robbie Simpson (Exeter City) right footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick.
Foul by Danny Hollands (Crewe Alexandra).
Jake Taylor (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Ryan Harley (Exeter City) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.
Substitution, Exeter City. Matt Oakley replaces Joel Grant.
Corner,  Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Robert Olejnik.
Attempt saved. George Ray (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner.
Corner,  Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Connor Riley-Lowe.
Attempt blocked. Ryan Harley (Exeter City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
Foul by Callum Ainley (Crewe Alexandra).
Jordan Moore-Taylor (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Attempt missed. Robbie Simpson (Exeter City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right.
Foul by James Jones (Crewe Alexandra).
Robbie Simpson (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt saved. Chris Dagnall (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Corner,  Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Connor Riley-Lowe.
Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Zoumana Bakayogo.
Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Oliver Turton.
Attempt blocked. Robbie Simpson (Exeter City) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
(Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Robbie Simpson (Exeter City).
Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Oliver Turton.
Substitution, Crewe Alexandra. George Ray replaces Harry Davis.
Substitution, Crewe Alexandra. Callum Ainley replaces Ryan Lowe.
Corner,  Exeter City. Conceded by Ben Garratt.
Attempt saved. Ryan Harley (Exeter City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner.
Foul by Danny Hollands (Crewe Alexandra).
Lloyd James (Exeter City) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Ryan Lowe (Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Ollie Watkins (Exeter City).
What is a summary of this text?