Write highlights for this article:

By. Rob Preece. PUBLISHED:. 13:37 EST, 22 June 2012. |. UPDATED:. 13:37 EST, 22 June 2012. A former teacher has revealed how she leapt from a cliff edge to save her 19-month-old son after he fell over the side as they chased butterflies. Melanie Liu feared the worst when she saw her youngest son Eli slip off the edge as they enjoyed a picnic at a beauty spot in Whitby, North Yorkshire. The cliff has a drop of some 65 feet to a concrete car park, but luckily Eli was unhurt because he landed in a bush about 15 feet down. Safe and sound: Melanie Liu hugs her 19-month-old son Eli (left) after he survived falling off a cliff at Spion Kop in Whitby by landing in a bush (right) Ms Liu jumped down to him, breaking her fall slightly by grabbing grass and digging her nails into the cliff face. Ms Liu, 39, who runs a guest house with her husband Bill, 44, said the incident happened on Spion Kop in Whitby last Saturday. She said they had been following butterflies with her little lad at what she thought was a safe distance. But the thick grass and vegetation at the spot made it seem to her that they were two feet from the edge, when in fact they were much closer. Ms Liu, a mother of two, said she had a firm hand on the hood of Eli’s jacket but as the child took one more step towards the edge - a distance she thought was too close - he disappeared over the side. 'It was just the worst moment of my life, he somersaulted twice and landed on a shrub about 15 feet down,' she said. 'As he dropped I jumped, you just don’t think about it at the time. It was a maternal instinct. 'They say your whole life flashes before your eyes but it was his death that flashed before mine, I was afraid of what I would see when I found him. 'I know what was at the bottom of that cliff. It was a terrifying moment.' She said she stopped beside her son, who had started crying as soon as he landed in the bush. 'I grabbed him and laid for ages on that bush, she said. 'I was shaking that much it felt like hours but it was probably minutes. It is your worst fear. Terrified: Ms Liu said it was the worst moment of her life when Eli fell while chasing butterflies. 'I was saying "don’t move baby, stay still baby".' Despite wearing four-inch high-heeled boots, Ms Liu was able to bring Eli back to the top after a few minutes. 'Once we got to the top we lay down for a long time,' she said. 'After 10 minutes he was fine but I was in shock and started being sick and shaking. My heart was hammering. 'It was around five minutes from when Eli fell until I got him back to safety but it seemed like hours. 'There are only one or two of those shrubs on the side of the cliff. It is so lucky that he landed on one. 'As soon as Eli fell I started screaming and was still screaming when I jumped over the side but I hadn’t realised it. 'A man had been watching on another cliff and ran to get round to us. He told me that he had heard a bloodcurdling scream. 'I was bit incoherent but but he calmed me down.' Ms Liu said the man who helped her was called Tom and lived in Somerset but she had no more details. She warned other people to take care at the cliff edge but said the grass should remain overgrown for the wildlife. She said: 'I never once let go of him and thought nothing would happen but the edge is much closer than you think. 'It took me ages to get home. I kept being sick and bursting into tears on the way. 'I won’t be going near a cliff edge again with children, no way. 'I consider myself to be a safety-conscious mum, but look what happened.' Dramatic: The white spot marks the point from which Eli fell. The shrub broke his fall - and prevented him landing in a concrete car park some 50 feet further down.