Write highlights for this article:

By. Bianca London. PUBLISHED:. 07:18 EST, 28 January 2014. |. UPDATED:. 12:58 EST, 28 January 2014. She may have been living in her best friend Lucy Mecklenburgh's shadow but Ferne McCann is keen to make a name for herself. Her first port of call? Replacing Lucy as the face - and incredibly toned body - of By Caprice's Valentine's lingerie range. CEO and designer Caprice snapped up Essex's hottest new export to front the campaign for her new collection. Scroll down for video. Move over, Lucy! Ferne McCann has replaced her best friend Miss Mecklenburgh as the face of By Caprice's new lingerie range. The 23-year-old, who had. a particularly tumultuous appearance in the last series of the. Bafta-winning show, showcases her svelte body in a range of pretty pink lingerie in the new shots. Speaking about her latest signing, Caprice said: 'Ferne looks foxy in the Valentine's Day collection. 'She is empowered and confident in her own skin, a true natural in front of the camera. 'Ferne epitomises everything By Caprice encompasses and the perfect ambassador - she's fun, fashionable and sexy. Showcasing her physique: The 23-year-old dons a range of pretty pink lingerie in the new shots, just in time for Valentine's day. 'She has an incredible figure with curves in all the right places. We are absolutely thrilled to be working with Ferne.' But Ferne, who in this week's Closer magazine confessed to she 'loves posing in underwear', says she works hard for those curves - and is inspired by her TOWIE co-stars. 'It's hard not to get motivated when you look at Lucy Mecklenburgh's body, but I've had to put in more work than her,' she told the magazine. 'Lucy is naturally skinny - she had a head start. There's no doubt she's worked hard, but bigger girls have to work harder. I've got curves and a big bum - I'm completely different to Lucy.' Ferne confessed too that she exercises five times a week - three times with a personal trainer, once with a friend and a running session with her mother. As a result of the exercise and sensible eating, she says she now feels 'sexy'. Speaking about her latest coup, Ferne said: 'I am a huge fan of By Caprice and delighted to be fronting the new collection. 'The designs are not only beautiful and feminine but the cut also adds a touch of sexiness. The supportive designs give you amazing lift and are flattering on all body shapes, making you feel special from the inside out.' Essex's hottest new export: CEO Caprice said of Ferne: 'she has an incredible figure with curves in all the right places. We are absolutely thrilled to be working with her' Ferne split with boyfriend Charlie Sims when he was caught cheating last year, and took another. break over Christmas when she admitted to having 'trust. issues'. And in recent weeks, Ferne hinted at a third break-up. In her Star magazine column she wrote: 'I felt like I needed a break - I definitely needed some head space and some girly time. 'It has been lovely and I feel much more relaxed now.' There may be trouble ahead: Ferne has revealed that things are going to 'kick off' in the upcoming series of TOWIE. Collaboration: CEO and designer Caprice snapped up Ferne to front the campaign for her new collection. But admitted that she is preparing for it to all kick off when filming starts up again. Ferne told the magazine: 'When we. start filming TOWIE again in February it will be intense. I'm going to. have to face what's going on. 'Being on a reality show you have to do that. I'm sure it's going to all explode.' TOWIE pals: Ferne heads out for dinner with co-star Billie Faiers. The collection is available now. For more information and to view the entire collection visit: www.bycaprice.com.