Please briefly summarize this news article:

East Falls Church broken rail problem fixed on Metro

Metro said trains are no longer sharing a track after an earlier problem with a broken rail that affected the Orange and Silver lines.

Riders should expect residual delays in both directions. The broken rail was outside the East Falls Church stop.

There was also a report of delays in both directions on the Green and Yellow lines because of a medical emergency at the Fort Totten stop. Trains are sharing a track between the Georgia Avenue and Fort Totten stops.

Metro said it expects to have the broken rail near the East Falls Church station fixed by noon Tuesday. The broken rail caused some delays in the snowy morning commute. Crews were on the scene and working to install “splice bars,” according to Metro spokesman Dan Stessel.

Once that piece is installed, he said, test trains will be run through the area and normal service will resume at that point.

Trains are sharing a track through the East Falls Church stop on the Orange and Silver lines as a result of the problem.

Stessel said the broken rail is likely weather-related. At times, rails crack when outside temperatures fluctuate from warm to very cold.

Metro said trains continue to share a track through the East Falls Church stop on the Orange and Silver lines.

There is a broken rail outside the East Falls Church station. Delays are in both directions.

Dan Stessel, a Metro spokesman, said the delays should be relatively short and last about 20 minutes.

Metro said riders on the Silver and Orange lines should expect delays because of a broken rail outside the East Falls Church station. There are delays in both directions as trains are sharing a track between East Falls Church and McLean stops.

It is not immediately clear how long the delays would last. It was also not immediately known what caused the broken rail but typically Metro has had troubles with its rails cracking or breaking in severe weather.

Silver Line: Trains are single tracking btwn E. Falls Church & McLean due to a broken rail outside E. Falls Church. Expect delays in both di

— Metrorail Info (@Metrorailinfo) January 27, 2015

Silver Line: Trains are single tracking btwn E. Falls Church & McLean due to a broken rail at outside E. Falls Church. Expect delays in both

— Metrorail Info (@Metrorailinfo) January 27, 2015

Metro doesn't inform you that there are issues on the line, it waits for you to pay and check on your own. Terrible service. #wmata

— Andrew Karode (@Dkarode) January 27, 2015

There is a signal problem on the Orange and Silver lines that is likely to cause delays for Metro riders. The signal problem is between the East and West Falls Church stops. The delays are in both directions.

Report of a signal problem between East & West Falls Church. OR/SV line trains may encounter delays in both directions. 8:37a #wmata

— Metrorail Info (@Metrorailinfo) January 27, 2015

Normal service has resumed on the Orange, Blue and Silver lines after an earlier problem at the Potomac Avenue station.

Metro said there were delays on Orange, Blue and Silver lines Tuesday morning. Riders should expect residual delays in the direction of Vienna/Franconia/Wiehle-Reston.

The problem is an earlier train malfunction at the Potomac Avenue stop.

Metro said normal service has resumed at West Hyattsville stop.

Original post at 6:23 a.m.

Metro said riders on the Green Line should expect residual delays Tuesday morning.

The delays are in the direction of Branch Avenue and are a result of an earlier train malfunction at the West Hyattsville stop.

Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues.

Summary: