Ques & Ans: The main plot depicts the courtship of Petruchio and Katherina, the headstrong, obdurate shrew. Initially, Katherina is an unwilling participant in the relationship; however, Petruchio "tames" her with various psychological torments, such as keeping her from eating and drinking, until she becomes a desirable, compliant, and obedient bride. The subplot features a competition between the suitors of Katherina's younger sister, Bianca, who is seen as the "ideal" woman. The question of whether the play is misogynistic or not has become the subject of considerable controversy, particularly among modern scholars, audiences, and readers.

Answer this question: younger sister of kate in the taming of the shrew?
Bianca
Stream of consciousness: The important part for answering this question is: The subplot features a competition between the suitors of Katherina's younger sister, Bianca, who is seen as the "ideal" woman.

Ques & Ans: Context: The cause is usually a bacterial infection; rarely, a fungal infection. It may occur by spread from the blood or from surrounding tissue. Risks for developing osteomyelitis include diabetes, intravenous drug use, prior removal of the spleen, and trauma to the area. Diagnosis is typically suspected based on symptoms. This is then supported by blood tests, medical imaging, or bone biopsy.

Question: most common cause of osteomyelitis in iv drug users?
a bacterial infection
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: The cause is usually a bacterial infection; rarely, a fungal infection.

Ques & Ans: In the sport of cricket, a hat-trick is an occasion where a bowler takes three wickets in consecutive deliveries. As of 31 July 2017, this feat has only been achieved 43 times in more than two thousand Test matches, the form of the sport in which national representative teams compete in matches of up to five days' duration. The first Test hat-trick was recorded on 2 January 1879, in only the third Test match to take place, by the Australian pace bowler Fred Spofforth, nicknamed "The Demon Bowler", who dismissed three English batsmen with consecutive deliveries at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The most recent bowler to achieve the feat was English spin bowler Moeen Ali against South Africa on 31 July 2017. At least one bowler from each of the ten nations that have played Test cricket have taken a Test hat-trick.

Based on this passage, first bowler to take hattrick in test cricket?
the Australian pace bowler Fred Spofforth , nicknamed `` The Demon Bowler ''
Stream of consciousness: To answer the question, consider the following: The first Test hat-trick was recorded on 2 January 1879, in only the third Test match to take place, by the Australian pace bowler Fred Spofforth, nicknamed "The Demon Bowler", who dismissed three English batsmen with consecutive deliveries at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.

Ques & Ans: The Brooklyn Dodgers was an American Major League baseball team, active primarily in the National League from 1884 until 1957, after which the club moved to Los Angeles, where it continues its history as the Los Angeles Dodgers. The team's name derived from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city's trolley streetcar network. The Dodgers played in two stadiums in South Brooklyn, each named Washington Park, and at Eastern Park in the neighborhood of Brownsville before moving to Ebbets Field in the neighborhood of Flatbush in 1913. The team is noted for signing Jackie Robinson in 1947 as the first black player in the modern major leagues.

Where did the name'brooklyn dodgers' come from?
from the reputed skill of Brooklyn residents at evading the city 's trolley streetcar network
Stream of consciousness: