Information:  - The Deserted Village is a poem by Oliver Goldsmith published in 1770. It is a work of social commentary, and condemns rural depopulation and the pursuit of excessive wealth.  - Trinity College is the sole constituent college of the University of Dublin, a research university in Ireland. The college was founded in 1592 as the "mother" of a new university, modelled after the collegiate universities of Oxford and of Cambridge, but, unlike these, only one college was ever established; as such, the designations "Trinity College" and "University of Dublin" are usually synonymous for practical purposes. It is one of the seven ancient universities of Britain and Ireland, as well as Ireland's oldest university.  - The Vicar of Wakefield  subtitled A Tale, Supposed to be written by Himself  is a novel by Irish writer Oliver Goldsmith (17281774). It was written from 1761 to 1762 and published in 1766. It was one of the most popular and widely read 18th-century novels among Victorians.  - The Good-Natur'd Man is a play written by Oliver Goldsmith in 1768. The play was written in the form of a comedy and staged at the Covent Garden Theatre. It was a middling success for Goldsmith, and the printed version of the play became popular with the reading public. It was released at the same time as Hugh Kelly's "False Delicacy" was staged at Drury Lane Theatre and the two plays went head to head with Kelly's proving the more popular. Garrick rejected "The Good-Natur'd Man", possibly because the story is an antidote of "False Delicasy".  - She Stoops to Conquer is a comedy by Anglo-Irish author Oliver Goldsmith that was first performed in London in 1773. The play is a favourite for study by English literature and theatre classes in the English-speaking world. It is one of the few plays from the 18th century to have an enduring appeal, and is still regularly performed today. It has been adapted into a film several times, including in 1914 and 1923. Initially the play was titled "Mistakes of a Night", and indeed, the events within the play take place in one long night. In 1778 John O'Keeffe wrote a loose sequel, "Tony Lumpkin in Town".  - A university ("a whole", "a corporation") is an institution of higher (or tertiary) education and research which grants academic degrees in various subjects.  Universities typically provide undergraduate education and postgraduate education.  - The University of Dublin, corporately designated the Chancellor, Doctors and Masters of the University of Dublin, is a university located in Dublin, Ireland. It was founded in 1592 when Queen Elizabeth I issued a charter for Trinity College, as "the mother of a university", thereby making it Ireland's oldest operating university. It was modelled after the collegiate universities of Oxford and of Cambridge, but unlike these only one college was established; as such, the designations "Trinity College" and "University of Dublin" are usually synonymous for practical purposes.  - Theaker Wilder ( 1717 -- 1778 ) DD , was the first Regius Professor of Greek , Senior Register and Senior Fellow at Trinity College , Dublin . He is remembered for being Oliver Goldsmith 's ' learned savage ' of a tutor .  - Oliver Goldsmith (10 November 1728  4 April 1774) was an Irish novelist, playwright and poet, who is best known for his novel "The Vicar of Wakefield" (1766), his pastoral poem "The Deserted Village" (1770), and his plays "The Good-Natur'd Man" (1768) and "She Stoops to Conquer" (1771, first performed in 1773). He is thought to have written the classic children's tale "The History of Little Goody Two-Shoes" (1765).    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'occupation'.
Answer: