Please briefly summarize this news article:

Senator Rubio Makes Life Tough for Small Insurers

Senator Marco Rubio of Florida is boasting about his efforts to sabotage a program intended to keep health insurance markets stable and premiums low during the start-up years of the Affordable Care Act. He claims to be the only Republican presidential candidate who has scored a victory over Obamacare. There is a smidgen of truth to that — his sabotage effort actually became law and was not just a symbolic vote to “repeal Obamacare.” His blow will cause temporary inconvenience for hundreds of thousands of people covered by small insurers. Fortunately, it will not undermine the viability of health insurance markets for the long haul.

Mr. Rubio’s target is the “risk corridor” program, the smallest of three programs designed to protect insurance companies from unexpectedly high losses and thus encourage them to offer policies to individuals and families on the new health insurance exchanges. Insurers that suffered losses because they ended up with a mix of enrollees that proved costlier than they had predicted — with more sick people and not enough young and healthy people — would be compensated under the program by insurers that did better than predicted.

The three-year program, which began last year, was supposed to be financed entirely by these transfers among insurers and not cost the taxpayers anything. Unfortunately, the first-year losses greatly exceeded the money to cover them. Insurers that suffered losses asked for almost $2.9 billion in compensation, but the insurers that did better than expected had put in less than $400 million under the program’s formulas, or just 12.6 percent of the money requested. Mr. Rubio attached a rider to a 2015 spending bill that prevented the administration from shuffling money around to cover the 2014 shortfall, and he proposes to do the same thing in next year’s spending bill.

To put the problem in perspective, the $2.5 billion shortfall in 2014 is a small part of the tens of billions in total premiums collected on the exchanges and a minuscule part of the hundreds of billions of dollars collected for all health insurance premiums in 2014.

Large companies that predicted their mix of patients well or have diverse businesses to offset initial losses on the exchanges have weathered the storm. Aetna and Anthem will stay in the exchanges, for example. But UnitedHealth Group, a major provider of employer-based insurance, said it is suffering big losses in the exchanges this year and will consider dropping out of them in 2017.

The big losers were small insurers without ample reserves. More than a dozen nonprofit cooperatives that were new to the business have closed or soon will, in part, some of them say, because the government provided less money than they were counting on, and some small for-profit insurers have closed as well. This has left hundreds of thousands of consumers scrambling to pick other plans.

Mr. Rubio brags that he saved the taxpayers $2.5 billion that would have been used to “bail out” insurers, but that is a bizarre way to characterize the way he disrupted a careful plan to smooth the transition to health care reform for businesses and individuals. His riders will benefit big insurers by driving out their smaller competitors. They could also drive up premiums for some people, as insurers try to recoup early losses or replenish their reserves. The Senate should block his new rider and find other sources of funds to pay companies what they were promised.

A version of this editorial appears in print on December 14, 2015, on page A22 of the New York edition with the headline: Mr. Rubio Undermines Small Insurers. Today's Paper|Subscribe