Information:  - An empire is defined as "an aggregate of nations or people ruled over by an emperor or other powerful sovereign or government, usually a territory of greater extent than a kingdom, as the former British Empire, French Empire, Brazilian Empire, Russian Empire, Ottoman Empire, Byzantine Empire or Roman Empire." An empire can be made solely of contiguous territories such as the Austro-Hungarian Empire, or of territories far remote from the homeland, such as a colonial empire.  - The Spanish Empire was one of the largest empires in history. It reached the peak of its military, political and economic power under the Spanish Habsburgs, through most of the 16th and 17th centuries, and its greatest territorial extent under the House of Bourbon in the 18th century, when it was the largest empire in the world. The Spanish Empire became the foremost global power of its time and was the first to be called "the empire on which the sun never sets".  - The Philippine Revolution (Filipino: "Himagsikang Pilipino"), also called the Tagalog War by the Spanish, was a revolution and subsequent conflict fought between the people of the Philippines and the Spanish colonial authorities.  - The Philippines, officially the Republic of the Philippines, is a sovereign island country in Southeast Asia situated in the western Pacific Ocean. It consists of about 7,641 islands that are categorized broadly under three main geographical divisions from north to south: Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao. The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City, both part of Metro Manila. Bounded by the South China Sea on the west, the Philippine Sea on the east and the Celebes Sea on the southwest, the Philippines shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north, Vietnam to the west, Palau to the east and Malaysia and Indonesia to the south.  - The phrase "the empire on which the sun never sets" has been used with variations to describe certain global empires that were so extensive that there was always at least one part of their territory that was in daylight.  - The Cry of Pugad Lawin ( Filipino : Sigaw ng Pugad Lawin ) , alternately and originally referred to as the Cry of Balintawak ( Filipino : Sigaw ng Balíntawak , Spanish : Grito de Balíntawak ) , was the beginning of the Philippine Revolution against the Spanish Empire . At the close of August 1896 , members of the Katipunan secret society ( Katipuneros ) led by Andrés Bonifacio rose up in revolt somewhere in an area referred to as Kalookan , wider than the jurisdiction of present - day Caloocan City which may have overlapped into present - day Quezon City . Originally the term `` Cry '' referred to the first clash between the Katipuneros and the Civil Guards ( Guardia Civil ) . The cry could also refer to the tearing up of community tax certificates ( cédulas personales ) in defiance of their allegiance to Spain . This was literally accompanied by patriotic shouts . Because of competing accounts and ambiguity of the place where this event took place , the exact date and place of the Cry is in contention . From 1908 until 1963 , the official stance was that the Cry occurred on August 26 in Balintawak . In 1963 the Philippine government declared a shift to August 23 in Pugad Lawin , Quezon City .  - The House of Bourbon is a European royal house of French origin, a branch of the Capetian dynasty. Bourbon kings first ruled France and Navarre in the 16th century. By the 18th century, members of the Bourbon dynasty also held thrones in Spain, Naples, Sicily, and Parma. Spain and Luxembourg currently have Bourbon monarchs.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'instance of'.