Ans: Josh Groban
Ques: Originally titled "In Another Life", the song was produced by Dr. Luke and Max Martin, both of whom co-wrote it with Perry. It is a midtempo pop song positioned on the piece of E major and has a tempo of 134 beats per minute. Joanna Holcombe from Yahoo! Music noted that the song is about first loves. Leah Greenblatt from Entertainment Weekly, said that the song is "a midtempo ode to a summer-after-high-school love with whom she recalls sharing Mustang makeout sessions to Radiohead"'. Michael Wood from Spin magazine said that the song is one of the album's quieter cuts and that it recall (s) "Perry's singer-songwriter days at L.A.'s Hotel Café". The song follows the chord progression of E -- G ♯ m -- C ♯ m -- A, and Perry's vocal range spans from B to E. Kitty Empire noticed that Perry's vocal is wistful throughout the song and that the references to June and Johnny Cash were unexpected. Rob Sheffield from Rolling Stone stated that when Perry sings,' I was June, and you were my Johnny Cash,' "it's understood that she's thinking of the scrubbed-up Hollywood version of June and Johnny, from Walk the Line." In 2017, the singer revealed that "The One That Got Away" was about Josh Groban.

Who was the one who got away katy perry?
CoT: To answer the question, consider the following: In 2017, the singer revealed that "The One That Got Away" was about Josh Groban.

Ans: The Bill of Rights
Ques: The Bill of Rights is the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution. Proposed following the oftentimes bitter 1787 -- 88 battle over ratification of the U.S. Constitution, and crafted to address the objections raised by Anti-Federalists, the Bill of Rights amendments add to the Constitution specific guarantees of personal freedoms and rights, clear limitations on the government's power in judicial and other proceedings, and explicit declarations that all powers not specifically delegated to Congress by the Constitution are reserved for the states or the people. The concepts codified in these amendments are built upon those found in several earlier documents, including the Virginia Declaration of Rights and the English Bill of Rights 1689, along with earlier documents such as Magna Carta (1215). In practice, the amendments had little impact on judgements by the courts for the first 150 years after ratification.

Based on this passage, what is the name of the first 10 amendments to the constitution?
CoT: To answer this question, we should know that: The Bill of Rights is the first ten amendments to the United States Constitution.

Ans: Martin Van Buren
Ques: Despite Taylor's unclear political affiliations and beliefs, and the Whig opposition to the Mexican-American War, the 1848 Whig National Convention nominated the popular general over party stalwarts such as Henry Clay and Daniel Webster. For vice president, the Whigs nominated Millard Fillmore, a New York Whig known for his moderate views on slavery. Incumbent President James K. Polk, a Democrat, honored his promise not to seek re-election, leaving his party's nomination open. The 1848 Democratic National Convention rejected former President Martin Van Buren's bid for a second term, instead nominating Senator Lewis Cass of Michigan. Van Buren broke from his party to lead the ticket of the Free Soil Party, which opposed to the extension of slavery into the territories.

Answer this question based on the passage: whom did the free-soil party nominate as its presidential candidate in 1848?
CoT: The important part for answering this question is: Van Buren broke from his party to lead the ticket of the Free Soil Party, which opposed to the extension of slavery into the territories.

Ans: the British rock band The Police
