Background: Sridevi Kapoor (born Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapan; 13 August 1963 - 24 February 2018) was an Indian actress and film producer who starred in Tamil, Telugu, Hindi, Malayalam, and Kannada films. Regarded as Indian cinema's biggest female superstar, she was the recipient of a National Film Award, two Filmfare Awards and three Filmfare Awards South. Sridevi ranked among the highest-paid actors in the 1980s and 1990s and is considered to be one of the most popular actresses of Indian cinema. Sridevi made her debut as child artiste with the 1967 Tamil film Kandan Karunai at the age of 4, and started her acting career in lead role as a child with M. A. Thirumugam's 1969 devotional Tamil film Thunaivan and continued to act as a child artist in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada films.
Context: On 20 February 2018, Sridevi and her youngest daughter Khushi had flown to Al Jazirah Al Hamra in Ras al-Khaimah, United Arab Emirates, to attend the wedding of her nephew Mohit Marwah. She decided to spend a couple of days in Dubai to shop for eldest daughter Janhvi Kapoor's 21st birthday, after the wedding. Her husband Boney Kapoor was not present with them on the wedding day as he had to attend a meeting in Lucknow on 22 February. However he had already planned a surprise visit to his wife, with whom he spoke on the morning of 24 February, where she told him that "Papa (that's how Sridevi addressed Boney), I'm missing you." According to Kapoor, he took a 15:30 flight to Dubai and reached Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel around 18:20 (Dubai time) in room 2201 where the actress was staying. She and Kapoor briefly met and chatted for half an-hour or so. Afterwards they decided to have dinner. Sridevi went to bathe and get dressed for dinner, while Kapoor waited in a living room. After 15-20 minutes, around 19:00, he called out the actress as they were getting late but was unable to get a response. Kapoor went to knock the bathroom door, which had not been locked from inside and sensed that something was wrong. He opened the door and found the actress completely immersed and unresponsive in the bathtub. It remains unclear whether Sridevi fell unconscious after or before the drowning.  Sridevi was pronounced dead on 24 February 2018 at 19:00 GMT at her hotel room where her husband had found her. At first, it was announced by her brother in-law Sanjay Kapoor to the Indian media that the cause of death was a cardiac arrest, but the investigation to her death began early Sunday morning around 2:30, and the case was transferred to Dubai Public Prosecution by Dubai Police, where General Department of Forensic Evidence, Dubai revealed that the cause of death was "accidental drowning". The toxicology report later also revealed that traces of alcohol were found in her body, and water was found in her lungs.  After rumors that news of her death was an Internet hoax, her brother-in-law, Sanjay Kapoor, confirmed that it was true. Her fans, co-stars and other Bollywood stars posted condolences on Twitter to mourn the death. After few days of police investigation, on 27 February, Sridevi's case was closed, and her body was flown back to Mumbai, India by her husband and her stepson, Arjun Kapoor, on a private jet belonging to Anil Ambani. Her funeral took place on 28 February, at the Vile Parle Seva Samaj Crematorium in Mumbai. Sridevi was cremated with state honours and also received a gun salute at her funeral. Her pyre was lit by her husband. On 3 March, Sridevi's ashes were flown into Tamil Nadu via Chennai by her husband and her two daughters Jhanvi and Khushi and later taken to and immersed in the sea off the coast of Rameshwaram.
Question: what happened after the police investigation?. Whats the answer?