Summarize this article in one sentence.
This will most likely include your face and possibly your legs. Additionally, you might also shave your armpits, if you plan to wear a sleeveless top. However, it's up to you whether or not you want to take this extra step, as more and more girls are choosing not to shave their body hair. Since you are biologically a male, shaving will help your look be more convincing. At the same time, your preferences are what's important. Jeans paired with a top or t-shirt is a common outfit for girls. Similarly, leggings and an oversized shirt can be a cute look that will be easy to imitate. With the right accessories, you can make a simple, unisex style look very feminine.  For example, you might belt a long t-shirt over a pair of leggings. Then, drape a few long necklaces around your neck, put on a bracelet, and carry a purse. Alternatively, wear a pair of skinny jeans with a flowy top, a necklace, and a big bracelet. Additionally, wearing a dress or skirt will make your disguise more convincing, as boys don't usually wear dresses. Pick a dress that fits your shape well, and pair it with tights to make your legs look more girly.  If you're worried about people figuring out you're biologically a boy, start with a long dress that covers most of your legs. For example, you might wear a maxi dress, which typically goes down to the floor. You can cover broad shoulders with long sleeves, a cardigan, or a light jacket. Since girls come in all shapes and sizes, you don't need to wear a bra. However, it's an option if you'd like to appear like you have breasts. Choose a bra with the cup size you'd like to have, then stuff it with tissue or padding.  If you want to wear this disguise often, you can purchase breast forms so that you don't have to stuff your bra. Breast forms are realistic faux breasts that are usually made from silicone. They can help you get the look and feel of natural breasts. Try on different bras until you find one that fits you well. You don't need long hair to look like a girl, but it can help make your disguise more convincing. Depending on your current hairstyle, you may be able to use styling products like gel to create a typical girl hairstyle. Otherwise, wear a wig that gives you the style you want. You can also accessorize your hair with a headband, hair wrap, or hat to make yourself look more like a girl. Apply foundation to help conceal your face stubble and darker areas around your eyes. Then, use blush to add more color to your cheeks and lipstick to make your lips look more defined. Finally, use a bright eyeshadow, eyeliner, and mascara to make your eyes pop.  Don't apply too much makeup because you don't want it to be cakey. It's better to go with less so your look is more natural. If your skin looks darker where your facial hair grows, using a concealer or foundation in a shade lighter than your normal foundation on just the darker areas can even them out. Watching makeup tutorials online can help you create the look you want. so your nails will look the part. To look more like a girl, you might paint your nails or apply fake nails, depending on what kind of style you want to create. However, don't feel like this is necessary. The easiest option is to trim your nails short and keep them clean. Remember, not all girls wear nail polish, just as some boys love to paint their nails. This step is completely optional, as many girls don't wear perfume. However, spritzing on a sweet-smelling perfume may make people assume you're a girl. Pick a scent you like, and spray it on your neck or wrists. Try borrowing a perfume so you don't have to buy any. Alternatively, you may be able to get a sample from a makeup counter or a store like Sephora.