What is the sentiment of the following review?
Holy CRAP was this place packed today!! It's gotten astronomically popular since it arrived in this location about two or three years ago, and despite being a decent-sized establishment, if you arrive dead on at midday you're in for at least a five to ten min wait unless you're lucky. Just like I wrote in my review of Vogue Bistro, I felt like I wasn't dressed appropriately, although this time it was because while I was wearing brown camo cargo pants and a grey t-shirt, seemingly everyone else there - both typical patrons and servers alike - were dressed like they were starring in a Wiggles on-stage production. I'm a big fan of the Chicken Tikka Masala, which I've been ordering ever since it was an experiment listed on a sheet of A4 paper attached to the main menu; it's now a regular item. I also get the caramelized cauliflower with tahini which is utterly delicious. I'm NOT a big fan of cheap, sh1tty tattoos though, and I saw a whole stack of those too.  Today was more or less a day like any other. Met the wife here, sat down, were promptly served our food. I went for the lavosh shawarma wrap instead of my usual since I'm trying to cut down on carbs (a very slight cutdown.. whatever!) but did get the cauliflower too. The cauli was different today. For a start, they brought it out on a full-sized plate, whereas it's normally served on a side-item-sized plate. Was fine with me as the wife usually shares it. While the lavosh wrap was absolutely delicious as I remember it being, the tahini sauce that went along with the cauli was weirdly sweet. Like it had sugar or syrup mixed in with it. Usually it's a more tan color and savoury, but this time it was more on the amber/orange side. When the server passed by I asked him whether the recipe had officially changed - he said no, and that they might have overdone one of the ingredients in the kitchen, but he definitely noticed the difference in color too. I said I was asking because I wouldn't order it again if it tasted the same, but I'm a big fan of the usual sauce. He said he'd check with the kitchen.  Not more than a couple of minutes later he comes back carrying a giant dessert plate with a slice of duo-tone baklava on it, covered in giant sultanas (aka golden raisins, I believe) and dusted in cinnamon powder by way of compensation. Jesus on a pogo stick. Chevy Chase could have tobogganed down a snowy hill on the bastard. It was delicious - I shouldn't have eaten it but I did. Even the wife, who isn't a big fan of baklava, took a couple of bites and proclaimed that it was the best baklava she had ever had. Very nice of them to do this, especially being so busy. Double-size side item plate and a comped dessert for two - you folk in Liberia are sure missing out! Definitely coming back (I would have anyway, I had no major problem with the meal).  I thoroughly recommend this place, it's a great all-round location if you want reasonably healthy macrobiotic stuff in a funky kind of atmosphere, long as you don't mind some of the saddest tattoos you'll probably ever see. They thoroughly deserve their high rating and a Yelp ambassador should consider giving them one of those "People love us on Yelp!" stickers that are inexplicably given to other places such as Mr Goodcents. Although, if you want proper fresh Greek, Greek Wraps just up the road trumps them. I'd rock up there for a chicken kabob wrap on their freshly baked pita any day of the week. And no, owner of Chicago Gyros, they didn't pay me to say that. BTW, Greek Wraps did a giant renovation around Christmas last year, the place is almost literally three times bigger. Now if only Haji Baba's would renovate that rancid cesspit they call a restroom..