By. Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor. PUBLISHED:. 04:29 EST, 5 June 2013. |. UPDATED:. 07:34 EST, 5 June 2013. Tax havens which allow the mega-rich to hide their wealth from the UK taxman have been summoned to London to explain themselves. David Cameron has warned Britain's overseas territories and crown dependencies that he is determined to tackle the ‘scourge of tax evasion’ which costs Britain billions. Senior ministers from 10 territories including Jersey, Bermuda and the Cayman Islands have been invited to a meeting this month where they will be urged to sign up to greater tax transparency. Scourge: David Cameron, pictured walking to Parliament today, has summoned ministers from British territories to a tax summit this month. Mr Cameron has made the tax avoidance and evasion a priority of the G8 summit which he is hosting in Northern Ireland on June 17 and 18. He has warned overseas territories of the need to ‘get our own houses in order’ and will attend the Open for Growth conference on the weekend before the G8 summit opens. Senior ministers from Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Gibraltar, Anguilla, Montserrat, the Turks and Caicos Islands, Jersey, Guernsey and the Isle of Man are expected to attend. Some of the islands and outposts are widely regarded as offshore tax havens, though they dispute this description and regard their low-tax regimes as vital to their economies. There is said to be disagreement in Whitehall about how much pressure to put on the islands, fearing excessive demands from London could lead to them refusing to co-operate. Mr Cameron is examining the idea of getting the tax havens to sign up to an OECD convention on the sharing of information on tax between countries, which is seen as a key to tackling evasion. Last month he wrote to the British overseas territories warning them that he had made ‘fighting the scourge of tax evasion and aggressive tax avoidance’ a priority for the G8 summit. Haven: A total of 10 overseas territories and crown dependencies, including Gibraltar, have been told to 'get their own houses in order' Summit: Ministers from the Cayman Islands (left) and Bermuda have been urged by Mr Cameron to ensure tax transparency ahead of the talks in London this month. He added: ‘I am looking to all the overseas territories and crown dependencies to continue to work in partnership with the UK in taking the lead on two critical issues: tax information exchange and beneficial ownership. ‘I respect your right to be lower tax jurisdictions. I believe passionately in lower taxes as a vital driver of growth and prosperity for all. ‘But lower taxes are only sustainable if what is owed is actually paid - and if the rules to achieve this are set and enforced fairly to create a level playing field right across the world. ‘There is no point in dealing with tax evasion in one country if the problem is simply displaced to another.'' A Downing Street spokesman said: ‘We strongly welcome the overseas territories' positive engagement with our G8 presidency agenda on tax transparency and the significant progress they have made in this area. ‘We look forward to welcoming them to our G8 Open for Growth event in the run-up to the G8 leaders' summit and will continue to work with them and others to agree commitments to advance trade, ensure tax compliance and promote greater transparency.’ Last month Mr Cameron hailed a breakthrough in talks to secure an Europe-wide deal on sharing information to stop multi-national firms avoiding paying tax. The Prime Minister said European Union agreement had been reached on tackling tax evasion and avoidance, after warning countries face 'staggering' losses.
What are the important parts of this article?