Jess Claiborne Neely (January 4, 1898 - April 9, 1983) was an American football player and a baseball and football coach. He was head football coach at Southwestern University (now Rhodes College) from 1924 to 1927, at Clemson University from 1931 to 1939 and at Rice University from 1940 to 1966, compiling a career college football record of 207-176-19. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1971. Neely was also the head baseball coach at the University of Alabama (1929-1930), at Clemson (1932-1938) and at Rice (1945 and 1948), tallying a career college baseball mark of 109-108-5.

In the second week of the 1921 season the Commodores shut out the Mercer Baptists, 42-0. Neely helped score one of four second-quarter touchdowns with a 55-yard pass to end Tot McCullough, and had a 25-yard punt return in the second half. In the next game, a 21-14 victory over the Kentucky Wildcats, the Wildcats scored against the Commodores for the first time in their history. Kentucky's second possession began with Bob Lavin fumbling the return, which was recovered by Neely on the 10-yard line. On third down, after little gain on first and second, Frank Godchaux ran an end-around touchdown. Rupe Smith scored the other two touchdowns, his first on a drive begun with a 22-yard pass from Neely to captain Pink Wade (father of later Vanderbilt quarterback Bill Wade). One Kentucky touchdown followed a blocked Neely punt. The Wildcats threatened to score late and tie the game, but they turned the ball over on downs at the two-yard line; Neely ran 34 yards, to the 36-yard line.  In the season's sixth week, Vanderbilt defeated Alabama 14-0 at Birmingham in line with predictions. Neely played a role in both touchdowns. Early in the first quarter, Vanderbilt had the ball at midfield after an Alabama punt. Two line bucks preceded Neely's connection with Tot McCullough for a 30-yard pass play. Neely ran for about 17 yards more through left tackle, putting the ball on the nine-yard line. After a run by Frank Godchaux, Lynn Bomar bucked over the line for the touchdown and Rupe Smith made the field goal. The second scoring drive began with a pass interception by Paul Stumb. In the second half, quarterback Doc Kuhn invigorated the Commodores after he sat out the first half due to injuries; Neely ran for 21 yards around the right end, and Kuhn passed 25 yards to Tot McCullough. Rupe Smith (or Kuhn) then ran the remaining few yards for the touchdown.  For its seventh game, Vanderbilt faced the defending Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) champion Georgia Bulldogs at home. The game, the highlight of Vanderbilt's season, was described by The New York Times as an "important clash" and would determine the SIAA champion. Georgia scored during the first half; early in the fourth quarter Neely intercepted a pass, weaving for 25 yards to Georgia's 40-yard line before he was tackled by Jim Reynolds. Two long pass attempts failed, and Thomas Ryan lined up to punt. Rupert Smith sneaked behind Ryan; he rushed to recover the 25-yard onside kick, jumping up to get the ball off a bounce from the Bulldogs and racing for a 15-yard touchdown. The game ended in a tie, and the teams shared the SIAA championship. Vanderbilt finished its season against Sewanee in "the muddiest game in its history"; the Commodores were reportedly knee-deep in mud and water, with the players unrecognizable. The game was scoreless until the fourth quarter, when Sewanee fumbled the snap on a punt; the punter was smothered by the Commodores' Neely, Godchaux and Wade for a safety. Hek Wakefield later scored a touchdown for a 9-0 Vanderbilt win. Answer this question using a quote from the following article:

Did they win this game?