What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
Higher-capacity tanks will require more fine-tuning, and are therefore somewhat difficult to keep at home. When shopping around for the right tank, take into consideration your size and style preferences, as well as the amount of available space in your home.  You can usually pick up a 40 US gal (150 L) fish tank for a couple hundred dollars at most pet stores. Glass and acrylic are the two materials most common fish tank materials. Glass is more expensive but holds up better to scratches, whereas acrylic is more affordable and less prone to fogging, but tends to show scratches easier. Choose a spot that's relatively cool and out of direct sunlight. Ideally, it should be somewhere you pass by often so you'll be reminded to keep an eye on things. A little airflow is also a plus, as it will allow for some gaseous exchange between the aquarium and its surrounding environment. The light and temperature in a reef aquarium must be carefully monitored. Too much of either coming from outside sources will make it harder to maintain ideal water parameters in the tank. Position your rock wherever you think it looks best. It's easiest to do this before you fill your aquarium, since you won't have to try to maneuver it through thick sand or worry about contaminating the water. For best results, your live rock shouldn't take up more than about 40-50% of your tank's total volume.  Live rock is a chunk of the reef structure from an already-established aquarium. The rock plays host to the many marine organisms that will eventually grow and flourish in your aquarium. You also have the option of using an artificial live rock. With a man-made rock, there's less risk of introducing pests, parasites, and other “hitchhikers” that are sometimes found in live rock. Snip open one corner of the bag and slowly sift the sand into the tank from corner to corner, working around your live rock. Make sure the sand is evenly distributed over the tank surface and piled a minimum of 2 inches (5.1 cm) thick in each area.  Live sand, like live rock, is full of beneficial microorganisms that will help build up the ecosystem inside your reef aquarium.  Never use ordinary sand in a reef aquarium. It's possible that it could contain bacteria, chemicals, heavy metals, or other substances that are harmful to marine life. Study the manufacturer's instructions for installing the specific models you've chosen for your aquarium. Most of the time, these pieces simply hook onto the back or side of the tank right out of the box. To guarantee that your equipment will work efficiently, make sure each component is sitting at least 2–4 inches (5.1–10.2 cm) below the top of the tank, which is where the water will reach once the tank is full.  There are several different types of filters to choose from when setting up a reef aquarium. To get a better idea of which type will work best for you, talk to a product specialist at the store where you bought your tank or do some reading online. Adjust your heater to keep the water in the tank at a steady 70–82 °F (21–28 °C). It's important to select a lighting solution that disperses bright light evenly throughout your tank. Blue and white LED light bars work best for this purpose. When you've found a light that fits your needs and budget, mount it directly above or behind your aquarium so it will easily be able to illuminate your corals through the glass.  For tanks that hold 20 gallons (76 L) of water or less, a compact gooseneck light can come in handy. Their molded mounting arms allow them to be clipped directly to the rim of the tank.  Strong lighting is a must in reef aquariums, both for clear visibility and to aid marine plants in photosynthesis.