Information:  - Laura Ingalls Wilder (February 7, 1867  February 10, 1957) was an American writer known for the "Little House on the Prairie" series of children's books released from 1932 to 1943 which were based on her childhood in a settler and pioneer family.  - Rose Wilder Lane (December 5, 1886  October 30, 1968) was an American journalist, travel writer, novelist, political theorist, and daughter of American writer Laura Ingalls Wilder. Along with Ayn Rand and Isabel Paterson, Lane is noted as one of the founders of the American libertarian movement.  - These Happy Golden Years is an autobiographical children 's novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published in 1943 , the eight of nine books in her Little House series -- although it originally ended the series . The story is based on Laura 's later adolescence near De Smet , South Dakota , featuring her short time as a teacher , beginning at age 15 , and her courtship with Almanzo Wilder . It spans the time period from 1882 to 1885 , when Laura and Almanzo marry . Golden Years was one runner - up for the Newbery Medal in 1944 , as the previous four Little House books had been from 1938 . In retrospect the five novels are called Newbery Honor Books .  - Almanzo James Wilder (February 13, 1857  October 23, 1949) was the husband of Laura Ingalls Wilder and the father of Rose Wilder Lane, both noted U.S. writers.  - South Dakota is a state located in the Midwestern region of the United States. It is named after the Lakota and Dakota Sioux Native American tribes, who compose a significant portion of the population and historically dominated the entire territory. South Dakota is the 17th most expansive, but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States. Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory, South Dakota became a state on November 2, 1889, simultaneously with North Dakota. Pierre is the state capital and Sioux Falls, with a population of about 171,000, is South Dakota's largest city.  - A census is the procedure of systematically acquiring and recording information about the members of a given population. It is a regularly occurring and official count of a particular population. The term is used mostly in connection with national population and housing censuses; other common censuses include agriculture, business, and traffic censuses. The United Nations defines the essential features of population and housing censuses as "individual enumeration, universality within a defined territory, simultaneity and defined periodicity", and recommends that population censuses be taken at least every 10 years. United Nations recommendations also cover census topics to be collected, official definitions, classifications and other useful information to co-ordinate international practice.  - De Smet is a city in and the county seat of Kingsbury County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,089 at the 2010 census.  - Little House on the Prairie is a series of American children's novels written by Laura Ingalls Wilder based on her childhood in the northern Midwest during the 1870s and 1880s. Eight were completed by Wilder, and published by Harper & Brothers from 1932 and 1943, of which the last covers her courtship with Almanzo Wilder and one covers his childhood. The first draft of a ninth novel was published posthumously in 1971 and is commonly included in the Little House series.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'these happy golden years' exhibits the relationship of 'series'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - house  - little house  - little house on the prairie  - novel  - populous  - rose  - taken  - the state  - tribes