By. Rosie Taylor. PUBLISHED:. 07:51 EST, 28 July 2013. |. UPDATED:. 12:19 EST, 28 July 2013. Loyal: Dinah May (left) was assistant to Michael Winner for 35 years and was with him at his death. Michael Winner's long-serving personal assistant has told how he died peacefully in her arms. Dinah May, 59, said the film director and food critic had died quietly after she told him his friends 'in heaven are waiting for you'. The former model and Miss Great Britain was Mr Winner's personal assistant for 35 years. Her notoriously outrageous and straight-talking boss would famously shout 'DINAH!' whenever he needed anything. Miss May's loyalty to her boss meant she nursed him through his deteriorating health and became his carer in his final months. She said she had gone to change his dressings as he lay on a coma on the day he died in January when she spoke to him. 'I was just holding his hand and I was saying, "What are you holding on for? You said goodbye to everybody, everyone in heaven is waiting for you" and suddenly his breath started to change and he took his last breath and that was it,' she told the Sunday Times. She added it was 'heartbreaking' to watch him die. 'He had gone through hell and to see it any longer... No, he had to go. I felt so sorry for him, it was tragic,' she said. Mr Winner left her £300,000 and the £1.2 million Kensington flat he owned in which she lived rent-free. But it was revealed last week he owed £12million in debts which has dramatically shrunk his estate to £4.75million. As a result, Miss May has received a tax bill for £150,000 and has been told there is a £600,000 loan on the flat which she will also have to pay. She said: ‘Michael was great fun but oh, what a complete mess. He always promised me a pension. If he saw me crying because I was worried about the future, he told me not to worry because I was well taken care of in his will. 'And of course I believed him. Towards the end he kept writing and rewriting his  will. We used to joke it was like the hokey-cokey. One day someone  was in, the next day they were out.  I suppose that was because he knew the money was running out. ‘Michael made it clear that his bequests to me should be clear of inheritance tax and gift tax and that if there was any, his estate should pay it. He wrote that down, had it documented and gave me a copy. 'It was all done legally. It’s with my lawyer who has been contesting everything with the executors and Michael’s lawyers. If I had to meet these bills, I would have to sell the flat – and then where would I live?' Miss May is hoping the book she is writing about Mr Winner's life - which he gave her his blessing to do - will pay the bills. Scroll down for video. Helping hand: Dinah May (left) helps Michael Winner and his wife Geraldine assemble flat-pack furniture at their home in Kensington. Beauty queen: Former model Dinah May was Miss Great Britain in 1976. She said: ‘Michael always said to me, “Write the real story about me. when I’ve gone. You know everything that was never published. Your book. will be your real pension. People will love it. Don’t be afraid to get. it all down.” ‘I’ve written 40,000 words so far and have been offered a publisher. I’ve even been contacted by a TV company who want to make a documentary. about it all. I think it makes pretty racy reading. There was a lot. Michael didn’t tell the world, didn’t want people to know until he was. gone. I think the public will enjoy it.’ Miss May knew Mr Winner better than. anyone and her role as his assistant went as far as washing his hair in. beer, sewing buttons on his shirt and plucking his nasal and ear hair. Miss May was married for many years but is now divorced.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: