Information:  - The California State University (Cal State or CSU) is a public university system in California. Composed of 23 campuses and eight off-campus centers enrolling 460,200 students with 24,405 faculty and 23,012 staff, CSU is the largest four-year public university system in the United States. It is one of three public higher education systems in the state, with the other two being the University of California system and the California Community Colleges System. The CSU System is incorporated as The Trustees of the California State University. The California State University system headquarters are at 401 Golden Shore in Long Beach, California.  - Djinn is a novel by Alain Robbe - Grillet . It was written as a French textbook with California State University , Dominguez Hills professor Yvone Lenard using a process of grammatical progression . Each chapter covers a specific element of French grammar which becomes increasingly difficult over the course of the novel . The first five chapters are written in the present tense from the first person point of view . The sixth chapter is written partially in the third person past and partially in the first person present . The eighth chapter is written in the first person point of view , but the narrator has changed from the masculine Simon Lecoeur to an unknown female narrator . The work was first released in the United States with the title Le Rendez - vous ( The Meeting ) and contained questions at the end of each chapter . The same year , Robbe - Grillet re-released the text , removing the questions and adding a prologue and an epilogue to frame the story . A year later , the novel was translated into English by Lenard and Walter Wells , also of California State University , Dominguez Hills .  - California State University, Dominguez Hills (also known as CSUDH, Dominguez Hills, or Cal State Dominguez Hills) is a public university located in the city of Carson, California in the South Bay region of Los Angeles County and was founded in 1960. The university is part of the 23-school California State University system. It offers 46 majors for a Bachelor's degrees, 22 different Master's degrees, and 17 types of teaching credentials. The university does not confer doctoral degrees.  - Alain Robbe-Grillet (18 August 1922  18 February 2008) was a French writer and filmmaker. He was one of the figures most associated with the "Nouveau Roman" (new novel) trend of the 1960s, along with Nathalie Sarraute, Michel Butor and Claude Simon. Alain Robbe-Grillet was elected a member of the Académie française on 25 March 2004, succeeding Maurice Rheims at seat No. 32. He was married to Catherine Robbe-Grillet (née Rstakian).  - The Académie française, known in English as the French Academy, is the pre-eminent French council for matters pertaining to the French language. The Académie was officially established in 1635 by Cardinal Richelieu, the chief minister to King Louis XIII. Suppressed in 1793 during the French Revolution, it was restored as a division of the Institut de France in 1803 by Napoleon Bonaparte. It is the oldest of the five "académies" of the institute.  - The Nouveau Roman ("new novel") is a type of 1950s French novel that diverged from classical literary genres. Émile Henriot coined the term in an article in the popular French newspaper "Le Monde" on May 22, 1957 to describe certain writers who experimented with style in each novel, creating an essentially new style each time. Most of the founding authors were published by Les Éditions de Minuit with the strong support of Jérôme Lindon.    What object entity has the relation of 'publisher' with the subject 'djinn '?   Choices: - english  - les éditions de minuit  - university of california
A: