Information:  - A Grammy Award (originally called Gramophone Award), or Grammy, is an honor awarded by The Recording Academy to recognize outstanding achievement in the mainly English-language music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards (television), the Tony Awards (stage performance), and the Academy Awards (motion pictures).  - `` Written on Ya Kitten '' was the third and final single released from Naughty by Nature 's third album , 19 Naughty III. It was released in 1993 and was produced by Naughty by Nature and QD III. `` Written on Ya Kitten '' was the least successful of the three singles released from the album , only making it to 93 on the Billboard Hot 100 and 53 on the Hot R&B / Hip - Hop Singles & Tracks . It was later featured on Nature 's Finest : Naughty by Nature 's Greatest Hits and Greatest Hits : Naughty 's Nicest .  - Tommy Boy Entertainment (formerly known as Tommy Boy Records) is an American independent record label started in 1981 by Tom Silverman. After parting ways with Warner Bros. Records in 2002, the label licensed its trademark to Warner-Elektra-Atlantic (WEA) for use on its reissues to date, now controlled by Warner Music Group, through Rhino/Atlantic Records. It created Tommy Boy Films LLC with Michael "Mic" Neumann.  - Naughty by Nature is a Grammy Award-winning American hip hop trio from East Orange, New Jersey consisting of Treach (Anthony Criss, born December 2, 1970), Vin Rock (Vincent Brown, born September 17, 1970), and DJ Kay Gee (born Keir Lamont Gist, September 15, 1969).  - 19 Naughty III is the third album from Naughty by Nature, released on February 23, 1993, through Tommy Boy Records. Three singles were released from the album, the group's second top 10 hit, "Hip Hop Hooray", as well as the minor hits "It's On" and "Written on Ya Kitten".  - "Hip Hop Hooray" is a song by American hip hop group, Naughty by Nature. The song spent one week at number one on the US R&B chart, and reached number eight on the US Pop chart. It contains samples from "Funky President" by James Brown, "Don't Change Your Love" by Five Stairsteps, "Make Me Say it Again, Girl" by Isley Brothers, "You Can't Turn Me Away" by Sylvia Striplin, "74 Miles Away" by Cannonball Adderley Quintet, and "Sledgehammer" by Peter Gabriel. The song contains lyrics boasting the group's love of hip hop and their fascination with good-looking women. The chorus of "hey...ho...hey...ho" lyric is among the most popular choruses in the genre. The Seattle Mariners would play the song after Ken Griffey Jr. was officially announced coming to bat at the Kingdome, especially in 1995, the year of the Mariners' first Major League Baseball playoff appearance. Kids Incorporated covered "Hip Hop Hooray" in 1993 in the Season 9 episode "Writing on the Wall".  - "It's On" was the second single released from Naughty by Nature's third album, "19 Naughty III". It was released on June 8, 1993 and was produced and written by the three members of the group. The single found decent success on the Billboard charts, making it to 74 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and 48 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. The song sampled jazz artist Donald Byrd's "French Spice" for which he received writing credits. The official remix was produced by the production duo, The Beatnuts and was featured on the B-Side of the single.    What object entity has the relation of 'record label' with the subject 'written on ya kitten'?   Choices: - 1995  - album  - english  - label  - pop  - record label  - tommy boy  - tommy boy records
A: