Please answer the following question: Information:  - Katharine Houghton (born Katharine Houghton Grant; March 10, 1945) is an American actress and playwright. She portrayed Joanna "Joey" Drayton, a white American woman who brings home her black American fiancé to meet her parents, in the 1967 film "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner". Katharine Hepburn, who played the mother of Houghton's character in the film was, in real life, Houghton's aunt.  - Guess Who's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy-drama film produced and directed by Stanley Kramer, and written by William Rose. It stars Spencer Tracy, Sidney Poitier, Katharine Hepburn and featuring Hepburn's niece Katharine Houghton. The film contains a (then rare) positive representation of the controversial subject of interracial marriage, which historically had been illegal in most states of the United States, and still was illegal in 17 statesmostly Southern statesuntil 12 June 1967, six months before the film was released, roughly two weeks after Tracy filmed his final scene (and two days after his death), when anti-miscegenation laws were struck down by the Supreme Court in "Loving v. Virginia". The movie's Oscar-nominated score was composed by Frank De Vol.  - Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner is a 1967 American comedy - drama film produced and directed by Stanley Kramer , and written by William Rose . It stars Spencer Tracy , Sidney Poitier , Katharine Hepburn and featuring Hepburn 's niece Katharine Houghton . The film contains a ( then rare ) positive representation of the controversial subject of interracial marriage , which historically had been illegal in most states of the United States , and still was illegal in 17 states -- mostly Southern states -- until 12 June 1967 , six months before the film was released , roughly two weeks after Tracy filmed his final scene ( and two days after his death ) , when anti-miscegenation laws were struck down by the Supreme Court in Loving v. Virginia . The movie 's Oscar - nominated score was composed by Frank DeVol . The film is notable for being the ninth and final on - screen pairing of Tracy and Hepburn , with filming ending just 17 days before Tracy 's death . Hepburn never saw the completed film , saying the memories of Tracy were too painful . The film was released in December 1967 , six months after his death .  - Stanley Earl Kramer (September 29, 1913February 19, 2001) was an American film director and producer, responsible for making many of Hollywood's most famous "message films". As an independent producer and director, he brought attention to topical social issues that most studios avoided. Among the subjects covered in his films were racism (in "The Defiant Ones" and "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner"), nuclear war (in "On the Beach"), greed (in "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World"), creationism vs. evolution (in "Inherit the Wind") and the causes and effects of fascism (in "Judgment at Nuremberg"). His other notable films included "High Noon" (1952, as producer), "The Caine Mutiny" (1954, as producer), and "Ship of Fools" (1965).  - High Noon is a 1952 American Western film produced by Stanley Kramer, directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper. In nearly real time, the film tells the story of a town marshal forced to face a gang of killers by himself. The screenplay was written by Carl Foreman. The film, nominated for seven, including Best Picture, won four Academy Awards (Actor, Editing, Music-Score, Music-Song) and four Golden Globe Awards (Actor, Supporting Actress, Score, Cinematography-Black and White). The award-winning score was written by Russian-born composer Dimitri Tiomkin.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'composer' with 'frank de vol'.
A: