Please answer the following question: Information:  - Spaghetti Western, also known as Italian Western or Macaroni Western (primarily in Japan), is a broad subgenre of Western films that emerged in the mid-1960s in the wake of Sergio Leone's film-making style and international box-office success. The term was used by American critics and other countries because most of these Westerns were produced and directed by Italians.  - Cobra Verde (also known as Slave Coast) is a 1987 German drama film directed by Werner Herzog and starring Klaus Kinski. It was based upon Bruce Chatwin's 1980 novel, "The Viceroy of Ouidah". The film depicts the life of a fictional slave trader. It was filmed on location in Brazil, Colombia and Ghana.  - Klaus Kinski (born Klaus Günter Karl Nakszynski; 18 October 1926  23 November 1991) was a German actor. He appeared in more than 130 films, and was a leading role actor in the films of Werner Herzog, including "Aguirre, the Wrath of God" (1972), "Nosferatu the Vampyre" (1979), "Woyzeck" (1979), "Fitzcarraldo" (1982), and "Cobra Verde" (1987). He also appeared in many Spaghetti Westerns, such as "For a Few Dollars More" (1965), "A Bullet for the General" (1966), "The Great Silence" (1968), "And God Said to Cain" (1970), "Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead" (1971) and "A Genius, Two Partners and a Dupe" (1975). A controversial figure in Germany, some of Kinski's violent outbursts on set were filmed in Herzog's documentary "My Best Fiend".  - A Bullet for the General (Es. "Quién sabe?"), also known by its international title El Chucho Quién Sabe?, is a 1967 Italian Zapata Western film directed by Damiano Damiani, written by Salvatore Laurani and Franco Solinas, and starring Gian Maria Volontè, Lou Castel, Klaus Kinski and Martine Beswick. The film tells the story of El Chuncho, a bandit, and Bill Tate (or El Nio), who is a counter-revolutionary in Mexico. Chuncho soon learns that social revolution is more important than mere money. This is one of the more famous Zapata Westerns, a subgenre of the spaghetti western which deals with the radicalizing of bad men and bandits into revolutionaries when they are confronted with injustice. Others in this subgenre include "Compañeros", "The Mercenary" and perhaps most famously "Duck, You Sucker!"  - Der rote Rausch is a 1962 German thriller film directed by Wolfgang Schleif and starring Klaus Kinski .  - Nosferatu the Vampyre is a 1979 West German art house vampire horror film written and directed by Werner Herzog. Its original German title is Nosferatu: Phantom der Nacht ("Nosferatu: Phantom of the Night"). The film is set primarily in 19th-century Wismar, Germany and Transylvania, and was conceived as a stylistic remake of the 1922 German "Dracula" adaptation "Nosferatu". It stars Klaus Kinski as Count Dracula, Isabelle Adjani as Lucy Harker, Bruno Ganz as Jonathan Harker, and French artist-writer Roland Topor as Renfield. There are two different versions of the film, one in which the actors speak English, and one in which they speak German.  - Fitzcarraldo is a 1982 West German surreal adventure-drama film written and directed by Werner Herzog and starring Klaus Kinski as the title character. It portrays would-be rubber baron Brian Sweeney Fitzgerald, an Irishman known in Peru as Fitzcarraldo, who is determined to transport a steamship over a steep hill in order to access a rich rubber territory in the Amazon Basin. The film is derived from the historic events of Peruvian rubber baron Carlos Fitzcarrald.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'country of origin' with the subject 'der rote rausch'.  Choices: - brazil  - colombia  - germany  - japan  - mexico  - peru
A: