By. Ben Nagle For Mailonline. QPR boss Harry Redknapp has suggested his side's shock cup loss at Burton could hasten the departure of several players. Redknapp paid the price for making nine changes as League Two Albion claimed a 1-0 win in their Capital One Cup second-round tie at the Pirelli Stadium. The likes of Shaun Wright-Phillips, Nedum Onuoha, Karl Henry, Junior Hoilett and Adel Taarabt were among the players to come in and Redknapp was far from impressed by most of them. Redknapp did single out Taarabt - who was making his first appearance for the R's in 16 months - for praise but, with Monday's transfer deadline looming, many of the rest could be heading out. Asked if any business was possible, Redknapp said: 'Absolutely. I still think we need a bit of quality in one or two areas. 'There are one or two who played last night or are not going to get in my team who I think might be better moving on.' The future of former Manchester City, Chelsea and England winger Wright-Phillips at Loftus Road is again in question. The 32-year-old has faded from the limelight since joining Rangers three years ago in a move that was supposed to rejuvenate his career. On Wednesday he was completely overshadowed - almost literally - and outplayed by his marker, the towering 6ft 5in defender George Taft, and was withdrawn after 78 minutes. Goal: Burton celebrate Adam McGurk's 77th-minute winner to knock QPR out. Out? Shaun Wright-Phillips' QPR future is in doubt after struggling against Burton on Wednesday night. Hoilett hit the bar in one of Rangers' better moments, but the Canadian is also in danger of drifting to the periphery. Redknapp said: 'I wanted an awful lot more (from the wide areas). I thought Junior did all right first half but Shaun had a tough night.' Redknapp did say he would like Taarabt to stay but did not know the intentions of the Moroccan, who spent last season on loan at Fulham and AC Milan and has a buy-out clause. Struggle: Taarabt is another player who could be leaving Loftus Road, despite Redknapp's desire to keep him. As well as any transfer business, Redknapp is also anxious to get QPR's season up and running this weekend. The Londoners have lost all three of their games, with the Burton defeat compounding woes after last weekend's 4-0 defeat by Tottenham. Redknapp said: 'Saturday is important, it's massive for us. It won't be easy against Sunderland, that's for sure. 'They were a team in form at the end of last season and have started decent this year. We have got to pick ourselves up and get ready to go on Saturday.' Out: Redknapp watches on in disappointment as his QPR side crash out of the Capital One Cup to Burton. The mood was considerably different at Burton, the modest but well-run Staffordshire club who have made steady progress since promotion to the Football League in 2009. After missing out on promotion in the play-offs last season, the Brewers have made a solid start to the new campaign and are unbeaten in six games across all competitions. Striker Adam McGurk, who curled home the 77th-minute free-kick that settled the tie, said: 'Everyone is buzzing. It's a great win. We worked as hard as we could and we nicked the goal to get the win. 'We have had the likes of Wigan, Stoke and Derby here and given everyone a game. We just work away and stick to the game plan and it is paying off. 'When the goal went in and at full-time you could hear the roar. 'It is great for the fans to get memories like this. It's brilliant for them. 'But these are bonuses for us. Our main aim is obviously promotion. We can't get sidetracked from that. 'We have to get back down on Friday morning and make sure we keep our run going in the league.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: