Alan Partridge: a guide for Americans, newcomers and American newcomers

If you’re an American movie lover, you’ll find yourself flooded with choices this weekend. It’s your first chance to see the Captain America sequel, Jonathan Glazer’s Under the Skin and the second part of Nymphomaniac. But the film you should watch, despite it not featuring nudity and/or Scarlett Johansson, is Alan Partridge.

Understandably, you might be a little put off by this idea. It’s not as big as the others. It hasn’t wowed as many festival juries. To you it may be an obscure foreign comedy, almost entirely set within a single building, featuring a little-known character played by the guy from Hamlet 2. But avoiding it would be a grave error on your part. Alan Partridge is one of the greatest and most beloved comic creations of the last few decades. Perhaps an explanatory glossary would help.

The key cultural touchstone to understanding Alan Partridge. A longtime fan – to the extent that he named his own son Fernando – Partridge’s big break on television came as the host of a talk show named after Abba’s song Knowing Me, Knowing You. Although his love for Abba is also the root of his infamous catchphrase "Aha", it by no means mark the limits of his musical knowledge. He has been known to describe Wings as "the band the Beatles could have been", and has a freakish understanding of the subtleties of Roachford’s 1988 UK number four hit Cuddly Toy. He has also been known to play a mean air bass.

The original UK title for Alan Partridge, based on his Nato phonetic alphabet initials. It’s a better title than Alan Partridge, but we ruined The Avengers by calling it Avengers Assemble, so let’s call it a truce.

Alan’s first job in broadcasting was as the sports correspondent on the early 1990s news programme The Day Today. Alan quickly established himself as an exuberant commentator, especially during the 1994 World Cup where he marked goals with joyous cries of “Twat!” and “Shit!”

A docu-soap following the lean times that came after his talkshow years. Divorced and living in a roadside hotel, I'm Alan Partridge saw Alan try to claw his way back to respectability by presenting the evening show on Radio Norwich and hosting the military-themed game show Skirmish on digital channel UK Conquest. He would then suffer a mental breakdown and drive to Dundee in his bare feet before eventually embarking on a short-lived love affair with a disturbed Ukrainian woman named Sonja.

Alan Partridge’s talk show. Plagued by disaster from the outset, barely an episode would pass without incident. The show was taken off air after episode six, where he accidentally shot a guest dead during a broadcast. Alan’s attempt at a comeback, a one-off festive edition entitled Knowing Me, Knowing Yule, effectively marked the end of his career as a major broadcaster when he punched both a disabled man and the BBC’s director of programming in the face with a roast partridge.

Alan’s favourite combination of beverages: a pint of lager with chasers of Baileys and gin and tonic.

Partridge’s current job. He hosts a daytime show on a small, online-only, ultra-local radio station. Despite occasional signs to the contrary, Alan finally seems to have found peace with his life at the station.

Alan Partridge’s home town. His love for Norwich is unparalleled. Even during his glory days in London, he’d still find the time to remind viewers of his roots. He’d return to Norwich with the late-period documentary special Welcome to the Places of my Life. In return, the people of Norwich repaid his kindness by illuminating the city with a giant festive effigy of his face, complete with laser-firing eyes. It is no less than he deserves.

Write a one or two sentence summary.