Student A:Daddy's Home 2 was released on Digital HD on February 6, 2018, and was released on Blu-ray and DVD on February 20, 2018.

Based on this passage, when does daddies home 2 come out on dvd?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Daddy's Home 2 was released on Digital HD on February 6, 2018, and was released on Blu-ray and DVD on February 20, 2018.
February 20 , 2018.

Problem:Rosaline (/ ˈrɒzəlɪn / or / ˈrɒzəliːn /) is an unseen character and niece of Lord Capulet in William Shakespeare's tragedy Romeo and Juliet (1597). Although silent, her role is important. Romeo is at first deeply in love with Rosaline and expresses his dismay at her not loving him back. Romeo first spots Juliet while trying to catch a glimpse of Rosaline at a gathering hosted by the Capulet family.

Answer this question: what is the name of the girl romeo loved before juliet?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: Romeo is at first deeply in love with Rosaline and expresses his dismay at her not loving him back.
Rosaline.

Student A:Layne Staley (born Layne Rutherford Staley, August 22, 1967 -- April 5, 2002) was an American musician known for being the lead vocalist, occasional rhythm guitarist and co-songwriter of the rock band Alice in Chains from 1987 until 1998. The band rose to international fame in the early 1990s during Seattle's grunge movement, and became known for Staley's distinct vocal style, as well as the harmonized vocals between him and guitarist / vocalist Jerry Cantrell.

Based on this passage, when did the singer of alice in chains die?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Layne Staley (born Layne Rutherford Staley, August 22, 1967 -- April 5, 2002) was an American musician known for being the lead vocalist, occasional rhythm guitarist and co-songwriter of the rock band Alice in Chains from 1987 until 1998.
April 5 , 2002.

Problem:The Tragically Hip formed in 1984 in Kingston, Ontario. Gord Sinclair and Rob Baker were students at Kingston Collegiate and had performed together at the KCVI Variety Show as the Rodents. Baker and Sinclair joined with Downie and Fay in 1984 and began playing gigs around Kingston with some memorable stints at Clark Hall Pub and Alfie's, student bars on Queen's University campus. Guitarist Paul Langlois joined in 1986; saxophonist Davis Manning left that same year. They took their name from a skit in the Michael Nesmith movie Elephant Parts.

Answer this question: where did the tragically hip get their name?
Solution:OK... This is the relevant information: They took their name from a skit in the Michael Nesmith movie Elephant Parts.
from a skit in the Michael Nesmith movie Elephant Parts.

Student A:The Galactic Center is the rotational center of the Milky Way. The estimates for its location range from 24 -- 28.4 kilolight-years (7.4 -- 8.7 kiloparsecs) from Earth in the direction of the constellations Sagittarius, Ophiuchus, and Scorpius where the Milky Way appears brightest. There is strong evidence consistent with the existence of a supermassive black hole at the Galactic Center of the Milky Way.

Based on this passage, what is in the center of the milky way galaxy?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: There is strong evidence consistent with the existence of a supermassive black hole at the Galactic Center of the Milky Way.
a supermassive black hole.

Student A:The ileum / ˈɪliəm / is the final section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds. In fish, the divisions of the small intestine are not as clear and the terms posterior intestine or distal intestine may be used instead of ileum.

Where is the ileum located in the body?
Student B: