Information:  - VistaVision is a higher resolution, widescreen variant of the 35 mm motion picture film format which was created by engineers at Paramount Pictures in 1954.  - Stanley Kubrick (July 26, 1928  March 7, 1999) was an American film director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, editor, and photographer. He is frequently cited as one of the greatest and most influential directors in cinematic history. His films, which are mostly adaptations of novels or short stories, cover a wide range of genres, and are noted for their realism, dark humor, unique cinematography, extensive set designs, and evocative use of music.  - Paramount Pictures Corporation (known professionally as Paramount Pictures and often referred to simply as Paramount) is an American film studio based in Hollywood, California, that has been a subsidiary of the American media conglomerate Viacom since 1994. Paramount is the fifth oldest surviving film studio in the world, the second oldest in the United States, and the sole member of the "Big Six" film studios still located in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Hollywood. In 1916 Zukor contracted 22 actors and actresses and honored each with a star on the logo. These fortunate few would become the first "movie stars." Paramount Pictures is a member of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA).  - The Seven Little Foys is a Technicolor in VistaVision 1955 film starring Bob Hope as Eddie Foy. One highlight of the film is an energetic tabletop dance showdown sequence with Bob Hope as Eddie Foy and James Cagney , who reprises his role as George M. Cohan . The story of Eddie Foy , Sr. and the Seven Little Foys inspired a TV version in 1964 and a stage musical version , which premiered in 2007 , in addition to this film in 1955 .  - The American Film Institute (AFI) is a film organization that educates filmmakers and honors the heritage of the moving picture arts in the U.S. AFI is supported by private funding and public membership.  - The Public Enemy, released as Enemies of the Public in the United Kingdom, is a 1931 American all-talking Pre-Code gangster film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. The film was directed by William A. Wellman and stars James Cagney, Jean Harlow, Edward Woods, Donald Cook, and Joan Blondell. The film relates the story of a young man's rise in the criminal underworld in prohibition-era urban America. The supporting players include Beryl Mercer, Murray Kinnell, and Mae Clarke. The screenplay is based on a never-published novel by two former street thugs  "Beer and Blood" by John Bright and Kubec Glasmon  who had witnessed some of Al Capone's murderous gang rivalries in Chicago.  - James Francis Cagney, Jr. (July 17, 1899March 30, 1986) was an American actor and dancer, both on stage and in film, though he had his greatest impact in film. Known for his consistently energetic performances, distinctive vocal style, and deadpan comic timing, he won acclaim and major awards for a wide variety of performances. He is best remembered for playing multifaceted tough guys in movies such as "The Public Enemy" (1931), "Taxi!" (1932), "Angels with Dirty Faces" (1938), and "White Heat" (1949), and was typecast or limited by this view earlier in his career. In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked him eighth among its list of greatest male stars of Classic Hollywood Cinema. Orson Welles said of Cagney, "[he was] maybe the greatest actor who ever appeared in front of a camera", and Stanley Kubrick considered him to be one of the best actors of all time.    'the seven little foys' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'distributor'?  Choices: - american film institute  - history  - paramount pictures  - united kingdom  - warner bros .
A: