Summarize this article:

The so-called "wine in a can specialists" at Friends Fun Wine have introduced the world's first coffee wines. Thanks? 
  
 Of the two new varieties, Cabernet Coffee Espresso features a rich flavour of cabernet grapes, espresso coffee and a hint of chocolate, while Chardonnay Coffee Cappuccino features sweet Chardonnay grapes with vanilla cappuccino coffee and smooth hints of chocolate. 
  
 Chardonnay. Coffee. Cappuccino. I can't even begin to imagine how that combination of flavors could be appealing. It's always worth remembering that sometimes you're the first to do something because everyone else already tried and realized that it sucked. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Friends Fun Wine, which already carries a variety of flavored sangrias and moscatos, sees their new coffee products as a marriage between "the world's most popular Day Drink with the world's most popular Night Drink." 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 It's not clear if there is actual coffee in the wines or if they're just coffee flavored, but I don't really think it matters. Like all of Friends Fun Wine's products, their new coffee wines are low-calorie and have an alcohol content of only 6%. 
  
 I would like to speak to the focus group that tested coffee wine and apparently gave it a thumbs-up. They have done us all a disservice and should be held accountable for their actions. 
  
 Advertisement ||||| MIAMI, June 26, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Friends Fun Wine®, The New Lifestyle Drink™, continues to pioneer the "Fun Wine" category with the introduction of two new additions to its growing collection of low-alcohol, low calorie wines. Easy-to-drink Wine In A Can, Friends Fun Wine® is combining the world's most popular Day Drink with the world's most popular Night Drink, creating the world's first Cabernet Coffee Espresso and Chardonnay Coffee Cappuccino. 
  
 Of the two new varieties, Cabernet Coffee Espresso features a rich flavor of fresh cabernet grapes, espresso coffee, and a hint of chocolate while Chardonnay Coffee Cappuccino features sweet, refreshing Chardonnay grapes with vanilla cappuccino coffee and smooth hints of chocolate. These new flavors are sold in Friends Fun Wine's 250mL slim cans, which are convenient, portable, quick chilling and recyclable, containing two servings per can. At just 6% alcohol, Friends Fun Wine Coffee Wines offer consumers a great alternative to high-alcohol beverages, making it the perfect refreshing complement to summer parties, BBQs, sporting events, brunch, at-home consumption and more. 
  
  
  
 "As creators of the Fun Wine category, the addition of Cabernet Coffee Espresso and Chardonnay Coffee Cappuccino strongly aligns with our mission to deliver a FUN drinking experience," said Joe Peleg, CEO of Friends Fun Wine®. "We are proud to be the first-to-market with our Fun Wine In A Can™, and look forward to introducing the new coffee varieties to our Fun-Loving Fans." 
  
 About Friends Fun Wine® 
  
 Friends Fun Wine® is The New Lifestyle Drink™ that recently launched in the U.S. as The Alternative To Beer™ and is emerging as the most innovative drink hitting retail shelves, restaurants, bars, hotels, stadiums and airlines this year. The low alcohol (6% ABV) line includes Red Sangria, White Sangria, Rose Moscato, White Moscato, Strawberry Moscato, Peach Moscato, and now Cabernet Coffee Espresso and Chardonnay Coffee Cappuccino imported from the EU. Friends Fun Wine® comes in an attractive, convenient, portable and quick chilling 250 ml, 8.4 ounce aluminum can and is available at retailers nationwide. For more information, please visit www.facebook.com/FriendsWine or www.FriendsFunWine.com. 
  
 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140625/121790 
  
 SOURCE Friends Fun Wine |||||