By. Naomi Greenaway. For most couples, a romantic proposal involves Champagne, roses, chocolates or something equally indulgent, but this daredevil climber popped the question 2,500ft in the air. Richard Crabtree asked Angela Jones, 45, to marry him while hanging precariously off the edge of a cliff-face - just moments after they scaled Napes Needle in the Lake District. Luckily, she said yes. The 40-year-old climber, from Colne, Lancashire, surprised his bride-to-be on their first climb of the iconic rock pinnacle, having the ring tucked away in his bag throughout the hour-long walk to the base of the climb, near the top of Great Gable mountain. The moment she said 'Yes!': The couple whooping for joy 2,500ft high after Richard's proposal (left) and sharing a romantic kiss at the peak (right) Angela, who met Richard on a walking trip to the beauty spot eight years ago, said it was an 'amazing feeling' adding : 'We’d never climbed Napes Needle before but we are both preparing. to climb Mount Blanc this summer so we thought it would be good. training. 'I had no idea Richard was planning to propose because we had always said we would never get married. 'We. got to Napes Needle and I didn’t think I was going to be able to make. it to the top. It was quite a nice day but it was a long and arduous. walk and the climb looked precarious,' she admits. Happy couple: Richard and Angela on a trip to Rome - a more traditional place to pop the question. 'I watched. Richard climb from the shoulder up to the tip of the Needle. He. struggled a little bit but I knew that if I got into difficulty he would. ensure I was safe and secure. 'I. climbed up to the top and I was absolutely overjoyed just to have been. able to do that, then suddenly Richard turned to me and said: "You know. how you say I never do anything romantic. Well here we are by the. deepest lake in England, next to the highest mountain." 'Then. he reached into his chalk bag and brought out this box and showed me a. diamond solitaire ring. He bowed down and asked me to marry him,' she. said. Romantic proposal: Angela sporting her new ring and Richard holding the box moments after the couple got engaged (left) and a view of Naples Needle on a sunny day (right) Angela added: 'It was an absolutely amazing feeling. It was full of danger and full of adrenaline at nearly 2,500ft. 'I. shouted out to people climbing on the ridges near to us: "I’ve just. been proposed to and I just said yes!" they all cheered and we made our. way down the mountain to celebrate. 'It was amazing. He made me the happiest woman alive - amazing views and an amazing man.' The. pair - who work as education officers - took up climbing together in 2009 and regularly hike across peaks in Lancashire and the Lake. District and have even scaled Wonder of the World Inca site Machu Picchu. in Peru. The couple took up climbing together in 2009: At Machu Picchu (left) and ready for a camping trip (right) But Napes Needle won’t be the venue for the wedding ceremony. 'I doubt we would be able to get a priest up to the top of the mountain to conduct the ceremony for us, but we would love an outdoor shindig on a lovely summer’s day,' Angela says. Napes Needle, which is 20 metres high, is situated amongst the Napes Crags on the southern flank of Great Gable. Left: Richard and Angela (centre) climbing Shepherds Crag Borrowdale; Right: Sharing a cuppa while camping. It was first climbed solo by Walter Parry Haskett Smith in June 1886 and the climb is considered by many authorities to mark the birth of rock climbing as a sport. 'The fact that it's the birthplace of climbing as a sport in the UK and a piece of climbing history made it extra special,' Angela added.

What are highlight points for this article?