Definition: In this task, you are given a set of context paragraph and some supporting facts to answer a question. Your task is to generate answer for given question based on set of context paragraphs and supporting facts.
Input: Context_1 : Hu Yukun (; 1885 – May 24, 1946) was a military leader in the Republic of China. He belonged to the Fengtian clique, and was Zhang Xueliang's confidant. Eventually he became an important commander during the Wang Jingwei regime (Republic of China-Nanjing, known also as Reorganised National Government of China). His courtesy name was Lingchen (凌塵 ). He was born in Haicheng, Area of control of the General of Shengjing (now Liaoning). Context_2 : Haicheng West Railway Station () is a railway station of Hada Passenger Railway and located in Haicheng, Liaoning, China. Context_3 : The 1975 Haicheng earthquake hit Haicheng, Liaoning in China at 19:36 CST on February 4. The earthquake registered at 7.3 on the Richter Scale, which is associated with total destruction of infrastructure and property. Haicheng had approximately 1 million residents at the time of the earthquake, which is known for being one of the few earthquakes to be successfully predicted throughout history. Context_4 : Wangshi () is a town under the administration of Haicheng in central Liaoning province, China, located 6 km east of downtown Haicheng. , it has 5 residential communities (居委会) and 19 villages under its administration. Context_5 : Ansi City ( Goguryeo :안촌홀(安寸忽, Hangul :안시성, Hanja :安市城) is an ancient ruin near Haicheng city in Anshan prefecture, Liaoning province, China. The city is thought to date from 317 AD. It was a major city of the Goguryeo and the scene of a major siege and battle between the Goguryeo and Tang dynasty China in 645 AD. It was finally captured by the Tang in 665 AD. Context_6 : Yingluo () is a small town in Liaoning Province, located 23.6 km southeast of Haicheng, Liaoning. A major cross-town road connects the town with Pailou on the northeast and Dashiqiao City on the west. Context_7 : The Taizi River is a major river in the watershed system of the Liao River in the Liaoning province of Northeastern China. It originally flowed into the Liao River at Haicheng, but after 1958 it changed its course and started to drain into the Pohai Bay directly. It is still usually considered as a part of the Liao River system because it is completely within the same drainage basin along with the Liao River. Context_8 : Nantong (; former names: Nan-t'ung, Nantung, Tongzhou, or Tungchow; Qihai dialect: ] ) is a prefecture-level city in Jiangsu province, China. Located on the northern bank of the Yangtze River, near the river mouth. Nantong is a vital river port bordering Yancheng to the north, Taizhou to the west, Suzhou and Shanghai to the south across the river, and the East China Sea to the east. Context_9 : Haicheng () is a county-level city of central Liaoning province, People's Republic of China. It is located about 120 km southwest of Shenyang, the provincial capital, and is under the administration of Anshan City, the seat of which lies 36 km to the northeast. Context_10 : Yu Yang (; born April 7, 1986 in Haicheng, Liaoning) is a badminton player from the People's Republic of China. She won at the 2013 World Championships in women's doubles with her partner Wang Xiaoli. She graduated with a bachelor's degree from the University of Science and Technology of China. fact_1 : Haicheng () is a county-level city of central Liaoning province, People's Republic of China. fact_2 : Nantong (; former names: Nan-t'ung, Nantung, Tongzhou, or Tungchow; Qihai dialect: ] ) is a prefecture-level city in Jiangsu province, China. Question: Are Haicheng, Liaoning and Nantong in the same country?
Output: