Summarize this article:

A small twin-engine plane crashed into the Superstition Mountains east of Phoenix on Wednesday night and there was no apparent sign of survivors, authorities said. 
  
 Rescue crews flown in by helicopter to reach the crash site in rugged terrain reported finding two debris field on fire, suggesting that the plane broke apart on impact, the Pinal County sheriff's office said. 
  
 Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Allen Kenitzer says the Rockwell AC69 had just departed from Mesa's Falcon Field when it crashed about 40 miles east of downtown Phoenix. Authorities started getting calls reporting an explosion near the peak of a mountain at about 6:30 p.m. 
  
 It was unclear how many passengers were aboard the plane, which was registered to Ponderosa Aviation Inc. in Safford, Ariz. A man who answered the phone Wednesday night at Ponderosa Aviation declined to comment on the crash and refused to identify himself. 
  
 Calls to Falcon Field, which mostly serves small, private planes, weren't immediately returned. 
  
 Kenitzer said the FAA and National Transportation Safety Board would be investigating the cause of the crash. 
  
 Rescue crews who arrived by helicopter reported finding 24-inch tires at the crash site, which would indicate a small twin-engine plane. 
  
 Pinal County sheriff's spokeswoman Angelique Graham said people who heard an explosion near the Flat Iron area close to Lost Dutchman State Park. 
  
 "People said it sounded like fireworks going off," Graham said. 
  
 Some witnesses told Phoenix-area television stations they heard a plane trying to rev its engines to climb higher before apparently hitting the mountains. The elevation is about 5,000 feet at the Superstition Mountains' highest point. 
  
 Video showed several fires burning on the mountainside, where heavy brush is common. 
  
 The region near Lost Dutchman State Park and the Superstition Wilderness is filled with steep canyons, soaring rocky outcroppings and cactus. Treasure hunters who frequent the area have been looking for the legendary Lost Dutchman mine for more than a century. ||||| (CNN) -- Six people, including three children, were killed when their plane crashed into rugged mountains east of Phoenix on a Thanksgiving eve trip, authorities said Thursday. 
  
 Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu identified the dead as a father and his three children, plus two other men. All were Arizona residents and knew each other well, he said. 
  
 The twin-engine Rockwell 690A airplane slammed into a steep cliff near the top of the Superstition Mountains at 6:31 p.m. on Wednesday, strewing debris for hundreds of yards down the 80-degree incline, Babeu told reporters. 
  
 Recovery efforts by more than 50 deputies and volunteers involved collect and preserving the remains, the sheriff said. 
  
 "No one could survive that crash," he said. 
  
 The plane had flown from Safford to Mesa, where it picked up the siblings -- ages 9, 8 and 6 -- for the Thanksgiving holiday, Babeu said. 
  
 "All of these families are just obviously heartbroken, traumatized over the loss of their loved ones so suddenly here on Thanksgiving," he said. 
  
 Federal officials were expected to begin their investigation as soon as Thursday, according to Babeu. 
  
 A man who said he witnessed the impact told CNN that a mushroom cloud of flames lit up the evening sky. 
  
 Kevin Cunningham, 44, of Apache Junction, said he was talking on the phone from his back porch and saw the crash a few miles away. 
  
 "The flames lit up the mountain," said Cunningham, adding the plane appeared to be flying level before the crash. "I didn't see where it was in distress." 
  
 CNN's Phil Gast and Tom Cohen contributed to this report. |||||

Summary: