They have sleepovers, sunbathe and take selfies together. But Heather Tookey's best friend, Dew, is a lot furrier than your average pal. Since meeting at the Cheetah Experience in Bloemfontein, South Africa, in 2011, Heather, 21, from Beckenham, Kent, has visited her cheetah chum four times. 'There is no feeling better than the unconditional love of an animal,' says Heather Tookey, pictured with Dew. Nineteen-month-old Dew was born into the successful cheetah breeding programme at the conservation centre, and has built up a remarkable relationship with the HR assistant. 'People are astonished that I can have such a close relationship with a wild animal,' Heather explains. 'When she lies on top of my head, purring so contently, I can feel the love in her eyes as she stares down at me, sharing her cheetah cuddles. Nineteen-month-old Dew was born into the successful breeding programme at the Cheetah Experience. Hi-jinks: Heather plays with  Dew at the Cheetah Experience in Bloemfontein, where they met in 2011. 'There is no feeling better than the unconditional love of an animal, especially when that animal is a cheetah who you love with all of your heart.' Describing how she originally gained the big cat's trust, Heather says: 'Dew would slowly come closer and closer to me, to get used to my smell, my voice. 'I always talk to her. She is the best listener and is always keen to hear about my day and how beautiful she looks. Trust: Dew is completely comfortable with her human companion, who in turn feels just as relaxed. Walkies: Cheetah Experience was founded in 2006  with the sole aim of saving the cheetahs from extinction. 'The time when our bond was cemented was when I spent the night with her in the little house in her enclosure. 'She came and lay on me and stole my pillow to rest on and purred until we both slept arm-in-arm. 'Falling asleep to the sound of a cheetah purring with her head resting on mine, underneath a blanket of stars and a bright moon is a moment I will never forget. 'When I look into her eyes, I feel safe and at home.' Feline the love: Heather sunbathes with Dew, her sister Dawn and another cheetah friend. Cheetahs are Africa's most threatened big cats and the world's fastest land animals, reaching  up to 75 mph. Cheetah Experience was founded in 2006 by Riana Van Nieuwenhuizen with the sole aim of saving the cheetahs from extinction. Currently Africa's most threatened big cats, cheetahs are the world's fastest land animals and can reach speeds of up to 75mph. Unlike the other big cats, they are not known for attacking humans, though freak cases have been reported, such as an incident involving the comic actor, Adam Sandler, last year. When the Happy Gilmore actor was on safari, he was lucky enough to get the opportunity to get up close to a cheetah, at a private lodge. But when he lent a little too close, the animal pounced. Luckily, he was rescued by a handler. 'When I look into her eyes, I feel safe and at home,' says Heather of her friendship with the young cheetah. A roarsome friendship: Heather says volunteering at the Cheetah Experience changed her life. Meanwhile, Dew may eventually be released into a protected wild situation where there will be little human contact but she will be monitored by professionals. 'Volunteering at Cheetah Experience has changed my life completely. I have learnt so much about animals, conservation, but also about life and love,' Heather said. 'Working with wild animals, especially big cats, had always been a lifelong dream of mine. I truly lost my heart to the project, the people and of course the animals. 'The only way to describe it is a piece of heaven on Earth, that has to be seen and felt to believe it.'

What are highlight points for this article?