Student A:Context: Its architecture and mosaics were patterned after nearby Byzantine churches and palaces, although its outside appearance has been significantly changed in the Ottoman period and again in the modern period, notably with the addition of the gold-plated roof, in 1959 -- 61 and again in 1993. The octagonal plan of the structure may have been influenced by the Byzantine Church of the Seat of Mary (also known as Kathisma in Greek and al-Qadismu in Arabic) built between 451 and 458 on the road between Jerusalem and Bethlehem.

Question: when was the dome of the rock painted gold?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: Its architecture and mosaics were patterned after nearby Byzantine churches and palaces, although its outside appearance has been significantly changed in the Ottoman period and again in the modern period, notably with the addition of the gold-plated roof, in 1959 -- 61 and again in 1993.
1959 -- 61.

Problem:Lori Petty (born October 14, 1963) is an American actress and director. Her roles include playing Tyler Endicott in the 1991 film Point Break, Kit Keller in A League of Their Own (1992), and the title role in Tank Girl in 1995.

Who played kit in league of their own?
Solution:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Her roles include playing Tyler Endicott in the 1991 film Point Break, Kit Keller in A League of Their Own (1992), and the title role in Tank Girl in 1995.
Lori Petty.

Student A:Mescalero or Mescalero Apache is an Apache tribe of Southern Athabaskan Native Americans. The tribe is federally recognized as the Mescalero Apache Tribe of the Mescalero Apache Reservation, located in south central New Mexico.

Based on this passage, where have the mescalero apache settled in new mexico?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The tribe is federally recognized as the Mescalero Apache Tribe of the Mescalero Apache Reservation, located in south central New Mexico.
the Mescalero Apache Reservation , located in south central New Mexico.

Problem:Pokhran-II was the series of five nuclear bomb test explosions conducted by India at the Indian Army's Pokhran Test Range in May 1998. It was the second Indian nuclear test; the first test, code-named Smiling Buddha, was conducted in May 1974.

Answer this question based on the passage: when did india conduct the nuclear test at pokhran?
Solution:OK... The relevant information is: Pokhran-II was the series of five nuclear bomb test explosions conducted by India at the Indian Army's Pokhran Test Range in May 1998.
May 1998.

Student A:Context: The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in the San Francisco Bay Area in Oakland, California. The Warriors compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Western Conference Pacific Division. The Warriors play their home games at the Oracle Arena in Oakland. The Warriors have reached ten NBA Finals, winning six NBA championships in 1947, 1956, 1975, 2015, 2017, and 2018. Golden State's six NBA championships are tied for third-most in NBA history with the Chicago Bulls, and behind only the Boston Celtics (17) and Los Angeles Lakers (16).

Question: where do the golden state warriors play out of?
Student B:OK... To answer this question, we should know that: The Warriors play their home games at the Oracle Arena in Oakland.
the Oracle Arena in Oakland.

Student A:Passage: Alexandra Borgia is a fictional character, played by Annie Parisse, who appeared on the long-running NBC drama series Law & Order from 2005 to 2006. Appearing in only 33 episodes, she is the shortest serving ADA in the series' history.

Question: Based on this passage, who played ada borgia on law and order?
Student B: