Summarize this article:

People watch police investigate the scene where three people were shot and killed at an in-home day care in Brooklyn Park, Minn., on Monday, April 9, 2012. No arrests were immediately made. (AP Photo/The... (Associated Press) 
  
 Police say three adults have been killed at an in-home day care in a Minneapolis suburb. 
  
 Brooklyn Park police haven't released many details about the killings around 6:30 a.m. Monday. 
  
 Inspector Todd Milburn wouldn't say whether any children were present at the time, but he says no one else was hurt. 
  
 Milburn says a suspect fled on a bicycle. 
  
 Officials at the nearby Hennepin Technical College say they locked down the school after police told them there had been a shooting in the area. 
  
 Hakeem Hughes, an 18-year-old student who lives close to the day care, says police told him to stay inside because a gunman was on the loose. 
  
 No arrests have been made. 
  
 State records show the home was licensed to care for up to 12 children. ||||| BROOKLYN PARK, Minn. (FOX 9) - Three people are dead after a shooting at a house in Brooklyn Park that's also an at-home daycare. A $10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the suspect, who remains at-large. 
  
 Brooklyn Park police were called to a home on the 8100 block of College Park Drive around 6:30 a.m. on a report of suspicious activity near the address. Police have confirmed there are three people dead and the case is being investigated as a homicide. 
  
 A relative at the crime scene identified the victims as 59-year-old DeLois Brown and her parents, 81-year-old Clover Bolden and 83-year-old James Bolden. Brown was the owner of Visions and Butterflies Child Care – an at-home daycare for children and infants operated out of the College Park Drive home. 
  
  
  
 “It’s unbelievable that this happened,” said James Bolden, the brother and son of the victims. 
  
 The woman who called police dropped her toddler off at the daycare Monday morning and left after speaking to one of the adults inside. As she left, she noticed a suspicious person walking near the home. When she called the daycare phone number, the line went dead. The woman then rushed back to the house where she found her toddler safe, but discovered the three bodies. 
  
 Hennepin Technical College was put on lockdown as police searched for a suspect. That lockdown was lifted early Monday afternoon 
  
 Brooklyn Park Police, the Hennepin County sheriff’s office and Hennepin County medical examiner are investigating. No arrests have been made. Police gave a vague description of the suspect, but said he was last seen leaving the area on a BMX bike. 
  
 A $10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction. 
  
  
  
 ”If they’re not caught or found, something else is going to happen…because someone who does this is sick,” Bolden said. 
  
  
  
 PHOTO OF SUSPECT JACKET 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 The Minnesota BCA believes this is the jacket style worn by the suspect in the Brooklyn Park at-home daycare triple murder 
  
  
  
 Bolden said his parents had recently moved into his sister’s home from St. Louis. His dad lived with diabetes and had already had a leg amputated, making it hard for his 81-year-old wife to be his sole caretaker. 
  
 ”They were excited being about the transition to be around the grandkids,” said Robert Green, a nephew and grandson of the victims. 
  
 A fund has been set up to help those connected to the triple homicide in Brooklyn Park. Donations to The Brown-Bolden Memorial Fund can be made at any Bremer Bank. All donations will support the needs of the family in celebrating the victims' lives and ensuring justice in the future. |||||