Please answer the following question: Information:  - Kuch Kuch Hota Hai ( English : Something Happens ) also known as KKHH , is an Indian Hindi coming - of - age romantic comedy drama film , released in India and the United Kingdom on 16 October 1998 . It was written and directed by Karan Johar , and starred the popular on - screen pair of Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in their fourth film together . Rani Mukerji featured in a supporting role , while Salman Khan had an extended guest appearance . Filmed in India , Mauritius , and Scotland , this was Karan Johar 's directorial debut . One of his goals for the film was to set a new level for style in Hindi cinema . The plot combines two love triangles set years apart . The first half covers friends on a college campus , while the second tells the story of a widower 's young daughter who tries to reunite her dad with his old friend . The film was extremely successful in India and abroad , becoming the highest grossing Indian film of the year , third highest grossing Indian film ever behind Hum Aapke Hain Koun . . ! and Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge and stands as the sixth highest grossing hindi film of the 90s decade when adjusted for inflation . The film was also the first Bollywood film to enter the UK cinema top ten . Outside India , the film was the highest grossing hindi film ever until its record was broken by Karan 's next directorial , Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham ... ( 2001 ) . Kuch Kuch Hota Hai received a positive reception from critics , with special praise directed to Kajol 's performance.The soundtrack also became the biggest seller of the year . The film won many major awards including the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment and the `` Best Film '' honours at the Filmfare Awards , Zee Cine Awards , Screen Awards , and Bollywood Movie Awards . The film won 8 Filmfare Awards and is the only film in the history of Bollywood to win all the four best acting category awards at the ceremony . Years after its release , it still makes appearances on Indian television and has...  - Nutan Samarth Bahl (4 June 1936  21 February 1991), better known as Nutan, was an Indian actress. She appeared in more than 70 Hindi films in a career spanning over four decades. Regarded as one of the finest female actors in the history of Hindi cinema, Nutan was noted for playing unconventional parts, and her performances often received praise and accolades.  - Karan Johar (born 25 May 1972), often informally referred to as KJo, is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter, costume designer, actor and television personality who is primarily known for his work in Hindi films. He is the son of Hiroo Johar and the acclaimed producer Yash Johar.  - Yash Johar (6 September 1929  26 June 2004) was an Indian Bollywood film producer. He founded Dharma Productions in 1976 and made Hindi films that were noted for featuring lavish sets and exotic locations, but upheld Indian traditions and family values.  - Kajol (born Kajol Mukherjee; 5 August 1974), also known by her married name Kajol Devgan, is an Indian film actress, who predominantly works in Hindi cinema. Born into the Mukherjee-Samarth family, she is the daughter of actress Tanuja Samarth and late filmmaker Shomu Mukherjee. Regarded as one of India's most successful and highest-paid actresses, Kajol is the recipient of numerous accolades, including six Filmfare Awards, among twelve nominations. Along with her late aunt Nutan, she holds the record for most Best Actress wins at Filmfare, with five. In 2011, the Government of India awarded her with the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian honour of the country.    What entity does 'kuch kuch hota hai' has the relation 'distributor' with?
Answer: