Answer the following question: Information:  - A Christian (or ) is a person who follows or adheres to Christianity, an Abrahamic, monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ. "Christian" derives from the Koine Greek word "Christós" (), a translation of the Biblical Hebrew term "mashiach".  - The Crimean War was a military conflict fought from October 1853 to March 1856 in which the Russian Empire lost to an alliance of France, Britain, the Ottoman Empire, and Sardinia. The immediate cause involved the rights of Christian minorities in the Holy Land, which was a part of the Ottoman Empire. The French promoted the rights of Roman Catholics, while Russia promoted those of the Eastern Orthodox Church. The longer-term causes involved the decline of the Ottoman Empire and the unwillingness of Britain and France to allow Russia to gain territory and power at Ottoman expense. It has widely been noted that the causes, in one case involving an argument over a key, have never revealed a "greater confusion of purpose", yet led to a war noted for its "notoriously incompetent international butchery."  - The Eastern Orthodox Church, also known as the Orthodox Church, or officially as the Orthodox Catholic Church, is the second largest Christian church and one of the oldest current religious institutions in the world. The Eastern Orthodox Church teaches that it is the One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church established by Jesus Christ in his Great Commission to the apostles. It practices what it understands to be the original Christian faith and maintains the sacred tradition passed down from the apostles.  - Nicholas I (  I  , r Nikolai I Pavlovich ; 6 July ( O.S. 25 June ) 1796 -- 2 March ( O.S. 18 February ) 1855 ) was the Emperor of Russia from 1825 until 1855 . He was also the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Finland . He is best known as a political conservative whose reign was marked by geographical expansion , repression of dissent , economic stagnation , poor administrative policies , a corrupt bureaucracy , and frequent wars that culminated in Russia 's disastrous defeat in the Crimean War of 1853 - 56 . His biographer Nicholas V. Riasanovsky says that Nicholas displayed determination , singleness of purpose , and an iron will , along with a powerful sense of duty and a dedication to very hard work . He saw himself as a soldier -- a junior officer totally consumed by spit and polish . A handsome man , he was highly nervous and aggressive . Trained as an engineer , he was a stickler for minute detail . His reign had an ideology called `` Official Nationality '' that was proclaimed officially in 1833 . It was a reactionary policy based on orthodoxy in religion , autocracy in government , and Russian nationalism . He was the younger brother of his predecessor , Alexander I. Nicholas inherited his brother 's throne despite the failed Decembrist revolt against him and went on to become the most reactionary of all Russian leaders . His aggressive foreign policy involved many expensive wars , having a disastrous effect on the empire 's finances . He was successful against Russia 's neighbouring southern rivals as he seized the last territories in the Caucasus held by Persia ( comprising modern day Armenia and Azerbaijan ) by successfully ending the Russo - Persian War ( 1826 -- 28 ) . By now , Russia had gained what is now Dagestan , Georgia , Azerbaijan and Armenia from Persia , and had therefore at last gained the clear upper hand in the Caucasus , both geo - politically as well as territorially . He ended the Russo - Turkish War ( 1828 -- 29 ) successfully as well . Later on , however , he led Russia into...    What entity does 'nicholas i of russia' has the relation 'religion' with?
Answer: