Information:  - Charlie and Marie Lupton Baseball Stadium and Williams-Reilly Field is a baseball stadium located on the campus of Texas Christian University (TCU) in Fort Worth, Texas. It has been the home field of the TCU Horned Frogs baseball team since its opening on February 2, 2003.   - The Southwest Conference (SWC) was an NCAA Division I college athletic conference in the United States that existed from 1914 to 1996. Composed primarily of schools from Texas, at various times the conference included schools from Oklahoma and Arkansas as well.  - TCU Diamond was a ballpark located in Fort Worth , TX and was the home of the TCU Horned Frogs baseball program for four decades . The Horned Frogs won Southwest Conference regular season championships in 1963 ( co-champions with the Longhorns ) , 1966 ( Quad - champions with Texas , Baylor , and Texas A&M ) , 1967 ( co-champions with the Longhorns again ) , 1972 ( co-champions with Texas ) , and 1994 while calling TCU Diamond home . The venue held a capacity of 1,500 . The park sat near Amon G. Carter Stadium and was one of the best venues that existed during the Southwest Conference . However , modern facilities such as UFCU Disch - Falk Field , Dan Law Field at Rip Griffin Park , and Olsen Field made TCU Diamond look obsolete even before the stadium was eventually razed following the 2002 season . The ancient flag poles and foul poles were transferred to Lupton Stadium as a reminder of the ballpark 's existence .  - Baseball America is a sports magazine that covers baseball at every level, with a particular focus on up-and-coming players in high school, college, Japan, and the minor leagues. It is currently published in the form of a bi-weekly newspaper, five annual reference book titles, a weekly podcast, and a website. It also regularly produces lists of the top prospects in the sport, and covers aspects of the game from a player-development point of view. The publication's motto is "Baseball news you can't find anywhere else."  - The Western Athletic Conference (WAC) is an American collegiate athletic conference formed on July 27, 1962 and affiliated with the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I. The WAC covers a broad expanse of the western United States, with member institutions located in Arizona, California, New Mexico, Utah, and Washington, along with the "non-western" states of Missouri, Illinois (traditionally associated with the Midwest), and Texas (traditionally associated with the South).  - Division I (D-I) is the highest level of intercollegiate athletics sanctioned by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) in the United States. D-I schools include the major collegiate athletic powers, with larger budgets, more elaborate facilities, and more athletic scholarships than Divisions II and III as well as many smaller schools committed to the highest level of intercollegiate competition.  - The TCU Horned Frogs baseball team represents Texas Christian University in NCAA Division I baseball. The Frogs have competed in the Big 12 Conference since 2013 and previously competed in the Mountain West, Conference USA, Western Athletic Conference and Southwest Conference. Since February 2003, the Horned Frogs have played their home games at Lupton Stadium, located on the TCU campus in Fort Worth, Texas. The Frogs are led by head coach Jim Schlossnagle, the winningest coach in TCU baseball history, whose many coaching accolades include 8 conference coach of the year awards and being named the 2010 National Coach of the Year by the National Collegiate Baseball Writers Association and 2016 National Coach of the Year by Baseball America.     What is the relationship between 'tcu diamond' and 'western athletic conference'?
Answer: