Summarize this article:

Edmund will make his competition debut against Belgian number one David Goffin in the opening match (12:30 GMT).
Media playback is not supported on this device
British number one Andy Murray will then take on world number 108, Ruben Bemelmans.
The best-of-five tie takes place over three days in Ghent's Flanders Expo.
A capacity crowd of 13,000 is expected each day, with more than 1,000 Britons due at each session despite recent security fears in Belgian capital Brussels, 35 miles away.
The British team arrived a day later than planned on Monday but Murray said the team were "comfortable" with security efforts since their arrival.
"I know the situation has been difficult for everybody who are making the travel plans," said GB captain Leon Smith.
"But I know they wouldn't miss it because they've watched us so passionately throughout this whole campaign."
Britain are trying to win the 115-year-old competition for the 10th time, but the first since Fred Perry led them to victory over Australia at Wimbledon in 1936.
Two years ago, Murray became the first British man since Perry in 1936 to win the Wimbledon singles title, and now he stands on the verge of matching another of his predecessor's achievements.
"To win the biggest team competition in tennis, having beaten the other three Grand Slam nations [USA, France and Australia in previous rounds], I think it would be a huge victory for everyone in the team," said the Scot.
"It would be well deserved as well. It's taken a lot of time and hard work from many of the players, many of the staff, coaches, physios, everyone."
Belgium have never won the Davis Cup and their only previous final appearance was a 5-0 drubbing by Britain in 1904.
"For us it's a huge event," said Belgian captain Johan Van Herck. "We try to go one further. I think the whole country will be behind us and we'll try to keep the trophy here."
Van Herck will hope to put some pressure on Murray in the second tie by ensuring the hosts have an early lead. That is the theory.
However, it could just as easily be argued that a surprise win for Edmund would all but determine the tie after just one match, with Murray involved in the next three rubbers.
Goffin said: "I don't know Kyle a lot. I think he has a great potential. On clay he could be a really good opponent. He won challengers on clay court. I think he's really talented."
Edmund said: "This is definitely going to be the biggest crowd I've played in front of. Probably the biggest occasion. It's a new experience for me. It's something I'm going to have to learn as I go through the match. But it's a good problem and it's exciting."
The second rubber appears something of a mismatch, with left-hander Bemelmans having won just three matches on the ATP Tour this year, compared to Murray's 69 wins and four titles.
Murray also boasts a terrific record in the Davis Cup, with just two singles defeats - against Switzerland's Stan Wawrinka in 2005 and Italy's Fabio Fognini in 2014 - and 25 victories.
The issue for Murray could well be preserving energy on the indoor clay court before two more days of doubles and singles action.
Bemelmans said: "It's the first confrontation I have with him, match or practice. It's going to be new for him, as well. I think I probably know him better, how he plays, than him me. Maybe I have a slight advantage there."
Murray said: "I know his game a bit, but actually I don't know the Belgian players that well because I've never played against any of them except Goffin. It's quite a strange situation to be in. Whoever had played the first day, I would never have practised with them or played against them, so it doesn't change much."
Listen to the Radio 5 live podcast:'We're going to take the cup home'

Summary: