Neymar claims he is reproducing his Brazil form for Barcelona now that he is feeling more relaxed at the Nou Camp. The Brazilian had a difficult debut season in Spain due to injuries and turmoil over his transfer fee, which was initially said to be worth around £45.2million  but later turned out to be closer to £80million. The Catalans failed to win any silverware last season but  they are top of La Liga after eight games and are yet to concede a goal under new coach Luis Enrique this term. However, defeat in their last Champions League outing against Paris St Germain has given Tuesday's clash with Ajax Amsterdam added importance. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Neymar score four while on international duty with Brazil. Neymar claims he is feeling more relaxed at Barcelona after a struggling debut season. The Brazilian shares a joke with Luis Suarez during a training session at the Ciutat Esportiva. All eyes were on Neymar at the press conference ahead of Barcelona's Champions League clash. Barcelona stars looked in high spirits during their training session before meeting Dutch club Ajax. Suarez jokes with defender Gerard Pique as he ties his boots during the session. The former Liverpool striker was all smiles as he closes in on playing his first game for the club. 'I don't know if this is a new version but I feel more at home, relaxed, and you notice this on the pitch,' Neymar told a news conference. 'Everything is playing its role in my level improving. The trainer, the players, all this when you put them together gives you the results.' The 22-year-old is already the fifth highest scorer for Brazil with 40 goals and  he has been on target eight times in La Liga this season - having managed nine in the whole of the previous campaign. Barcelona stars (L-R) Xavi, Lionel Messi, Dani Alves and Javier Masherano head to training. Suarez limbers up ahead what could be his debut when Barcelona face Real Madrid on Saturday. Barcelona coach Luis Enrique insists his players will not be thinking of 'El Clasico' before the weekend. Nou Camp stalwarts (L-R) Messi, Alvez and Xavi hone their heading skills during training. Suarez returns a pass from Barcelona teammate Sergio Busquets (R) Messi lets out a laugh as Barcelona prepare to make amends in the Champions League after defeat by PSG. VIDEO Messi's record quest helps us - Enrique. Attention in Spain is on El Clasico this weekend between Barca and Real but Neymar said the players were fully focused on Ajax. 'We always go out to win but this is a match where we are up against a strong side who are good defensively and in attack so we will have to play well,' he added. Luis Enrique does not believe his players will have Real on their minds. 'I have no doubts about my team. I am fully confident about them against Ajax and also against Real at the Bernabeu,' he said. Barcelona veteran Xavi ties his shoelaces in the hope he will start after being largely overlooked this season. Suarez uses his close control skills to dribble inbetween his Barcelona teammates. Alves laughs as he he twists the arm of his teammate during one of their final training sessions before Ajax. Ajax beat Barca in Amsterdam last season during the group stages and Luis Enrique is not underestimating them. 'They move the ball around well, they know how to pressure and don't take risks at the back,' he said. 'They are also strong on the counter-attack. They are a complete side which unites the qualities of Dutch football and the Ajax school. 'We have a good feeling and the team are winning most of our games. We lost against Paris St Germain for reasons that we know as we made errors but I think we are in an excellent position going into the matches ahead,' said Luis Enrique.

Write highlights for this article.