Write highlights for this article:

200 passengers on-board the Dawn Princess cruise ship have been confined to their cabins after an outbreak of the norovirus struck the ship while it was travelling around New Zealand. The ship, which is carrying 1500 passenger, was sailing around  Fiordland National Park when the virus was detected and is currently on-route to Melbourne. The ship is on a 13-day cruise around New Zealand and is returning to Melbourne today, which will be it's last stop. 200 passengers on-board the Dawn Princess cruise ship have been confined to their cabins after an outbreak of the norovirus struck the ship while it was travelling around New Zealand. The norovirus is a gastrointestinal illness, which typically lasts one to three days. It causes stomach pain, nausea, diarrhoea and vomiting. The virus can be contracted by food contamination, person-to-person contact or by the contamination of surfaces. Local authorities in New Zealand carried out tests on-board and confirmed that it was an outbreak of the highly contagious virus. In a statement, a Princess Cruises spokesman said that most passengers on the cruise have been unaffected by the bug and that it is under control. 'Some passengers on Dawn Princess' current cruise to New Zealand destinations reported gastrointestinal symptoms confirmed as norovirus, commonly referred to in the community as a 'stomach bug'.' the spokesman said. The norovirus is a gastrointestinal illness, which typically lasts one to three days.It causes stomach pain, nausea, diarrhoea and vomiting. 'It takes relatively few cases to be reported on-board for even more stringent sanitation levels to be implemented. 'The containment response was timely and effective and the number of new cases has declined significantly.' He said that every effort has been made to limit any new cases of the bug. Staff have been disinfecting surfaces such as rails, door handles and elevator buttons,. The ship, which is carrying 1500 passenger, was sailing around Fiordland National Park when the virus was detected and is currently on-route to Melbourne. He also confirmed that infected passengers have been confined to their cabins, until they can be deemed non-contagious. Passengers have been urged to use their private toilet facilities and use sanitising gels located throughout the ship. All self-service in food areas has been closed off on the ship. Dr Alistair Humphrey, Canterbury Medical Officer of Health told the New Zealand Herald that the Dawn Princess was confident it could contain the bug and has it's own doctor on-board. 'The number of cases is declining. They're still seeing a few coming in but not as many,' Dr Humphrey said. 'They stand at a little over 200 people altogether.' According to other news outlets, a Dunedin tour operator has slammed the crew of the Dawn Princess for failing to reveal the true extent of the virus. According to the operator, they only learnt about the quarantine of passengers after it was reported on social media. Local authorities in New Zealand carried out tests on-board and confirmed that it was an outbreak of the highly contagious virus. Dr Humphreys said it may take days for a person's symptoms to become obvious and supported the isolation of infected passengers. 'Generally speaking [patients] are most infectious when they're symptomatic, which is why it's important to keep people isolated in their cabins...' he said. The latest outbreak is the second norovirus outbreak on the Dawn Princess this year alone, with a 75 day cruise through Asia and Alaska also affected. A similar outbreak of the strain also occurred on the ship two years ago. 114 passengers and 11 crew fell ill. The ship has a guest capacity of 1,999 and was last refurbished in June 2009.