Q:Information:  - Crackerjack Productions (merge name FremantleMedia Australia) is an Australian independent television production company headed by brothers Mark and Carl Fennessy.  - Bertelsmann is a German multinational corporation based in Gütersloh, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is one of the world's largest mass media companies and also active in the service sector and education. Bertelsmann was founded as a publishing house by Carl Bertelsmann in 1835. After World War II, Bertelsmann, under the leadership of Reinhard Mohn, went from being a medium-sized enterprise to a major conglomerate, offering not only books but also television, radio, magazines and business services. Bertelsmann is an unlisted and capital market-oriented company, which remains primarily controlled by the Mohn family. Since 2016, major divisions of Bertelsmann are RTL Group, Penguin Random House, Gruner + Jahr, BMG, Arvato, Bertelsmann Printing Group, Bertelsmann Education Group and Bertelsmann Investments.  - RTL Group is a European entertainment company. It has interests in 59 television and 31 radio stations in 10 countries. The Luxembourg-based media group operates TV channels and radio stations in Germany, France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Spain, Hungary, Croatia and Asia as well as production companies throughout the world. It is majority-owned by German media conglomerate Bertelsmann. Its shares are quoted on the Xetra stock exchange in Germany.  - The Reg Grundy Organisation (later the Grundy Organisation, then Grundy Television and known informally as Grundy's) was an Australian television production company founded in 1959 by businessman Reg Grundy. It later branched out into Europe and the USA. The company first produced game shows, then branched into soap operas in 1973. In 1995 Reg Grundy sold the company to Pearson Television, which has since become known as FremantleMedia and is part of the RTL Group (in turn 90% owned by Bertelsmann). In 2006 FremantleMedia merged Grundy Television and Crackerjack Productions to form FremantleMedia Australia. Until 2013 the name Grundy still existed in Germany as Grundy Light Entertainment and in Italy as Grundy Productions Italy.  - FremantleMedia Australia is the Australian arm of FremantleMedia and was formed in 2006 by the merger of two great names in Australian television industry - Crackerjack Productions and Grundy Television, who had been both acquired by FremantleMedia.  - Sons and Daughters is a Logie Award winning Australian soap opera created by Reg Watson and produced by the Reg Grundy Organisation between 1981 and 1987 . The first episode aired on Monday , 18 January 1982 , during the Christmas / New Year non-ratings period in both Sydney and Melbourne , and the official broadcast date of the final episode was 19 August 1987 , although this varied across Australia and the final episode was screened in Melbourne on Sunday 27 December 1987 ( again in the non-ratings period ) . There are 972 half - hour episodes , but during the series ' original run in Australia , later episodes were shown in an hour - long format . The first pilot episode was shown in Australia and some UK ITV regions as a 90 - minute special , although subsequent screenings have seen that episode split into three half - hours . The program has been broadcast internationally , and has been particularly popular in the United Kingdom and Belgium .  - FremantleMedia Group is a British international television content and production/distribution subsidiary of Bertelsmann's RTL Group, Europe's largest TV, radio, and production company. Its world headquarters are located in London.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'production company'.
A: