Summarize this article:

Trojan Vibrations 
  
 www.trojanvibrations.com 
  
 When you’re talking vibrators, one size, shape, color, sensation or level of power simply does not fit all. And we think that’s great. Part of sexual health is learning about what feels best for you. So, in developing our TROJAN® VIBRATIONS product line, we make every effort to design products to ap... ||||| IT’S common in New York to see teams of college-age students handing out samples of goods like fruit juice and dog food. Even seen-everything New Yorkers may do a double-take this week, however, when they encounter street teams with hot dog carts stocked with vibrators. 
  
 On Wednesday and Thursday, Trojan Vibrations, a line of sexual enhancement devices, will hand out 10,000 free vibrators from two hot dog carts identified as pleasure carts. Along with the brand’s logo, the carts will feature sayings like “Getcha vibes here!” and “Relish the moment.” 
  
 Trojan plans to distribute 5,000 each of the Tri-Phoria device, which retails for $40, and the Pulse, which retails for $30, for a total retail value of $350,000. It goes without saying, surely, but Trojan asserts this is the biggest handout of vibrators ever. 
  
 The promotion begins Wednesday morning with a live commercial by Howard Stern on his show on Sirius XM Radio. The carts will roam Manhattan for two days, with their locations updated on the Trojan Vibrations Facebook page. 
  
 In what Bruce Weiss, vice president for marketing at Trojan, called “almost like a gateway product,” Trojan introduced a vibrating ring in 2005 that was included in some packages of condoms for an “improved condom experience.” 
  
 The brand began selling a small vibrator, the Mini, in 2009, and the larger Tri-Phoria in 2010. The strategy throughout for Trojan, a Church & Dwight brand, has been to challenge the stigmas associated with the products. 
  
 The company has advertised aggressively, even during prime time on some cable networks. In 2011, Trojan spent $10.5 million advertising its Vibrations line, according to the Kantar Media unit of WPP. 
  
 Today, the Trojan devices are carried in retailers that were not on the radar for sex-toy shoppers a decade ago, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS and Rite Aid. 
  
 So new are the devices to mainstream retailers that growth in that channel has been phenomenal. In the 52 weeks that ended July 8, revenue for sexual enhancement devices sold in drugstores and mass retailers grew 23.2 percent over the year before, to $16.1 million, according to the Symphony IRI Group, whose totals do not include Walmart. Trojan, which accounts for 66.2 percent of the category at such retailers, grew even more over the year, by 40.2 percent. 
  
 According to studies financed by Trojan and published in The Journal of Sexual Medicine, 52.5 percent of women and 44.8 percent of men have used vibrators. Contrary to perceptions that they are used nearly exclusively by the unaccompanied, 40.9 percent of women and 40.5 percent of men report having used them with sexual partners. 
  
 “What we’re doing is taking something like a hot dog cart that is so everyday and so mainstream,” Mr. Weiss said, “and we’re showing people that vibrators are mainstream.” 
  
 Two commercials for the newest Trojan Vibrations product, Twister, which retails for $60, promote it as a spark for couples. One begins with a woman on the telephone with a friend. 
  
 “All I did was mention it might be a Trojan Twister night and things totally changed,” she says, as her husband passes by first with a load of folded laundry, and then with an iron and ironing board. 
  
 “Come on, lazybones, shoe sale today,” he says at one point. Later, he pats the couch beside him with one hand, the remote in the other. “Big game?” he says. “Heck no, let’s watch ‘Desperate Bride Makeovers.’ ” 
  
 The campaign is by Colangelo Synergy Marketing in Darien, Conn., part of the Omnicom Group. 
  
 Carol Queen, curator of the Antique Vibrator Museum and a staff sexologist for Good Vibrations, a sexual products retailer founded in 1977, credits the new Trojan ads with “pretty seamlessly integrating men into the campaign.” 
  
 As both a sales strategy and to more accurately reflect how the devices are used, “a company needs to overcome this notion that vibrators are problematic for couples because men don’t like women to use them,” Ms. Queen said. 
  
 Rather than seeing the growing availability of the devices at mass retailers as a threat to specialty retailers like Good Vibrations, Ms. Queen said, “what’s fabulous about the way that Trojan has entered the marketplace is that a rising tide lifts all boats.” 
  
 Some consumers who buy their first device as an impulse buy at a mass retailer are apt to eventually be drawn to boutiques like Good Vibrations, which along with Trojan devices has a wide selection of other brands — and knowledgeable staff members. 
  
 “Going to a sexuality store like Good Vibrations or many others, you have trained people who can answer your questions and help you choose,” Ms. Queen said. “What most customers are probably not doing is getting the greeter at Walmart to come with them to the vibrator aisle and asking them, ‘Which one should I get?’ ” 
  
 Claire Cavanah, co-owner of Babeland, a sexual products shop with locations in Seattle and New York, lauded the plan by Trojan to distribute free devices. 
  
 “It sounds fantastic and I’m just delighted that there is a company that has the resources and the sex-positivity to do it,” Ms. Cavanah said. 
  
 At the annual BlogHer conference that began Aug. 2, Trojan Vibrations gave out 4,000 devices, meaning that the brand is on pace to give away more than 14,000 of the products in August, with a total retail value of $540,000. Mr. Weiss, of Trojan, said the brand gave out a few hundred of the devices from trucks around New York last summer, and wanted to have more impact this year. 
  
 “People were clamoring for the vibrators, and we thought that by giving out more vibrators, it would have more buzz, so to speak,” Mr. Weiss said. ||||| PRINCETON, N.J., Aug. 7, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- August just got a whole lot hotter as the makers of Trojan™ Vibrations bring pleasure to the streets with a massive giveaway of 10,000 Trojan™ vibrators – the largest-ever vibrator giveaway of its kind. 
  
 (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120807/NY53167-a) 
  
 (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120807/NY53167-b) 
  
 (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120807/NY53167-c) 
  
 On August 8th and 9th, Trojan™ Vibrations will be turning up the heat and hitting hot spots around New York City, serving up their latest line of Trojan™ Vibrations products to all pleasure seekers via specially-designed Trojan™ Vibrations Pleasure Carts modeled after New York City's famous hot dog carts. 
  
 People can satisfy their pleasure cravings by swinging by a Trojan™ Vibrations Pleasure Cart to receive a free Trojan™ Tri-Phoria™ Intimate Massager or Trojan™ Pulse Intimate Massager, while supplies last. 
  
 "Research from The Center for Sexual Health Promotion at Indiana University found that 53 percent of women and 45 percent of men have used a vibrator in their lifetime, indicating that vibrators have officially entered the mainstream," said Bruce Weiss, Vice President of Marketing, Trojan™ Sexual Health. "We're always looking for ways to advance this effort by fostering an open dialogue about sexual health and creating unique moments that get people 'buzzing' about sex and pleasure." 
  
 Pleasure for All, All for Pleasure! 
  
 As a summer heat wave sweeps the nation, the makers of Trojan™ Vibrations bring record highs into the bedroom by deploying a fleet of Trojan™ Vibrations Pleasure Carts across New York City. Brand ambassadors will be on hand to distribute free Trojan™ vibrators and pleasure seekers can take the "What's Your Vibe?" quiz onsite to find the perfect Trojan™ Vibrations product for them. 
  
 The Trojan™ Vibrations Pleasure Carts come on the heels of last year's successful Trojan™ Vibrations Truck Tour, which hit nighttime spots across New York City, giving good vibes with samples at every stop. 
  
 Vibrators, Get Your Vibrators Here! 
  
 Time Wednesday, August 8: Thursday, August 9: 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM Pleasure Cart A Midtown – 6th Avenue between 48th & 49th Streets 
  
 4:00 PM – 6:00 PM Pleasure Cart A Flatiron – 5th Avenue between 23rd and 22nd Streets Pleasure Cart B Financial District – Pearl and Broad Streets Pleasure Cart A Union Square – 17th Street and Broadway Pleasure Cart B Soho – Lafayette between Broom and Spring Streets 7:00 PM – 10:00 PM Pleasure Cart A Meatpacking – 14th Street and 10th Avenue Pleasure Cart B East Village – 3rd Avenue between 12th and 14th Streets Pleasure Cart A Murray Hill – 3rd Avenue between 33rd and 38th Streets Pleasure Cart B Meatpacking – 14th Street and 10th Avenue 
  
 Find a Trojan™ Vibrations Pleasure Cart near you by visiting Facebook.com/TrojanVibrations. 
  
 What's the Buzz All About? 
  
 American couples are embracing vibrators more than ever before.[i] In fact, recent research from the Trojan™ Charged™ Sex Life survey uncovered that more than 72 percent of people are open to introducing a vibrator into the bedroom to shake things up. 
  
 The makers of Trojan™ Brand Products are helping lead the mainstreaming of the category by making high-quality vibrators accessible across a multitude of channels—at drugstores, grocery stores, mass merchandisers, online and in select adult stores—making it easier for couples to bring a higher level of fun and intimacy into their relationships. From vibrators to a wide variety of condoms, for over 90 years, the makers of Trojan™ Brand Products have remained dedicated to providing people with the tools they need to increase the heat index in the bedroom. 
  
 Trojan™ Pulse Intimate Massager delivers precise stimulation and boasts six vibration modes—three speeds and three pulse patterns, and is discreet and portable. 
  
 Trojan™ Tri-Phoria™ Intimate Massager provides 24 unique pleasure combinations via three interchangeable tips and eight vibration modes. 
  
 Trojan™ Twister™ Intimate Massager offers a unique twisting handle, allowing for multiple positions and options, including four unique twistable positions and eight vibration modes of five speeds and three pulse patterns. While Twister™ will not be featured as a giveaway on the Trojan™ Vibrations Pleasure Cart, you can find it at your local drugstore.* 
  
 For more information, visit TrojanVibrations.com, or Facebook.com/TrojanVibrations. 
  
 About TROJAN™ VIBRATIONS 
  
 TROJAN™ VIBRATIONS is a line of high-quality vibrators and vibrating rings that help users enhance their sexual pleasure. This premium line of products offers unique features including multiple speeds and pleasurable pulse patterns in a variety of sizes and sensual designs to accommodate an individual's personal preferences. For more information, visit www.TrojanVibrations.com. 
  
 *TROJAN™ VIBRATIONS products are available in the United States, except for AL, GA, KS, MS, TX and VA. 
  
 About TROJAN™ 
  
 TROJAN™ Brand Condoms are America's #1 condom and have been trusted for over 90 years. TROJAN™ Brand Latex Condoms are made from premium quality latex to help reduce the risk of unwanted pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections. Every condom is electronically tested to help ensure reliability. There are over 29 varieties of TROJAN™ Brand Condoms. More Americans trust the TROJAN™ brand than any other condom. For more information, visit www.TrojanCondoms.com. 
  
 i Herbenick, Debby, Michael Reece, J Dennis Fortenberry. "Prevalence and characteristics of vibrator use by women in the United States: Results from a nationally representative study." The Journal of Sexual Medicine 6 (2009):1857–1866. 
  
 Contact: 
  
 Esther Walsh Bjorn Trowery Edelman Edelman (212) 277-3784 (212) 704-4556 Esther.Walsh@Edelman.com Bjorn.Trowery@edelman.com 
  
 SOURCE TROJAN VIBRATIONS |||||

Summary: