Rush Limbaugh's mouth is taking a bite out of his wallet. 
  
 Georgetown University law student and activist Sandra Fluke speaks during an appearance on the daytime talk show, "The View," Monday, March 5, 2012 in New York. Fluke talked about conservative radio host... (Associated Press) 
  
 Georgetown University law student and activist Sandra Fluke, center, speaks as co-hosts Joy Behar, left, and Sherri Shepherd listen during an appearance on the daytime talk show, "The View," Monday, March... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Jan. 13, 2009 file photo, conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh talks with guests in the East Room of the White House in Washington. Limbaugh apologized Saturday, March 3, 2012, to... (Associated Press) 
  
 Nine advertisers and a radio station in Hawaii dropped his show after he called a law student a "slut" and a "prostitute." 
  
 One of the most popular radio shows in the country on Monday lost advertisers including AOL Inc. and Tax Resolution Services Co. 
  
 The tax firm helps people who have disputes with the IRS. It spends some $9 million a year on radio advertising, according to ratings firm Nielsen, and its website carries endorsement from conservative talk radio personalities Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, as well as Limbaugh himself. 
  
 "You don't need to fight this fight alone," Limbaugh is quoted as saying on the Tax Resolution site. His endorsement was still up on Tax Resolution's site on Monday afternoon. 
  
 CEO Michael Rozbruch said the statement about dropping Limbaugh was easily issued _ but changing the website will require a meeting later in the week. 
  
 Limbaugh apologized over the weekend for his comments about Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke after she testified to congressional Democrats that her Jesuit college's health plan should cover her birth control. 
  
 KPUA, an AM station in Hilo, Hawaii, said it is dropping Limbaugh's show immediately. 
  
 The statement by station owner New West said the Limbaugh incident "crossed a line of decency" and didn't live up to the station's standards. 
  
 "We are strong believers in the First Amendment and have recognized Mr. Limbaugh's right to express opinions that often times differ from our own, but it has never been our goal to allow our station to be used for personal attacks and intolerance," station owner New West said. 
  
 Limbaugh joked on Monday that he got a busy signal when he called his show because of the advertisers who are abandoning it. 
  
 Clear Channel's Premiere Radio Networks Inc. hosts Limbaugh's show. His on-air contract runs through 2016. 
  
 Premiere Radio said in a statement Monday that it respects Limbaugh's right to express his opinions. It said that, "in an attempt at absurdist humor to illustrate his political point, Mr. Limbaugh used words that unfortunately distracted from the message he was trying to convey." 
  
 The company said Limbaugh did the right thing by "expressing regret for his choice of words and offering his sincere and heartfelt apology to Ms. Fluke." 
  
 Fluke said Monday that Limbaugh's apology changes nothing and that Americans have to decide whether to support companies that continue to advertise on his program. 
  
 The advertisers that have backed away from Limbaugh's program represent a broad range of industries, from technology to financial services to retailers. 
  
 AOL, an Internet portal that runs the TechCrunch blog and the Huffington Post, said Monday that Limbaugh's comments "are not in line with our values." 
  
 Other companies that say they have left the show include flower delivery service ProFlowers, mortgage lender Quicken Loans, the maker of Sleep Number beds, mattress retailer Sleep Train, software maker Citrix Systems Inc., online data backup service provider Carbonite and online legal document services company LegalZoom. 
  
 Allstate Corp. said it bought ads on Limbaugh's show by accident. 
  
 The insurer at first told people who asked on Monday that it didn't buy ads on Limbaugh's show. But it said on Facebook that it learned during the day that its ads actually were running with the program. It said an advertising vendor had bought the ads in error and its advertising strategy never included ads on Limbaugh's show. 
  
 Allstate said on Facebook that it regretted "providing mistaken information" about its ads and has asked the media buying firm to stop advertising on Limbaugh's show "in keeping with our original advertising plans and strategies." 
  
 Clear Channel Media and Entertainment operates more than 850 radio stations in the U.S., and Premiere says it's the largest radio content provider in the country, syndicating programs to more than 5,000 affiliate stations. 
  
 Clear Channel has declined to say how much revenue it stands to lose from advertiser defections. Its parent company was taken private in 2008. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Freed reported from Minneapolis. AP Business Writer Tali Arbel in New York contributed to this report. ||||| Back in January, Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker took a moment in his State of the Commonwealth address to mention struggling school districts that have been taken over by the state, a process known as receivership. 
  
 "We encourage the Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to continue to use this tool," Baker said. 
  
 No more districts have been taken over since then, but there are currently three under state leadership: Lawrence, Holyoke and the most recent, Southbridge, a town of about 16,000 people in the central part of the state, on the border with Connecticut. ||||| Following the nationwide uproar over Rush Limbaugh‘s controversial comments about Georgetown University law student Sandra Fluke, Hilo, Hawaii’s KPUA-AM 670 has decided to drop his program. 
  
 “It may be the first radio station nationally to cancel airings of the program,” the Honolulu Star-Advertiser’s Erika Engle reports. “Regardless of the political views being discussed, New West Broadcasting Corp. President and General Manger Chris Leonard felt the initially degrading comments about Georgetown University student Sandra Fluke, and the escalating comments that followed, were ‘egregious,’ and that ‘decency and responsibility’ dictated the show’s cancellation.” 
  
 “I spent a good part of the weekend deliberating this issue,” Leonard said. “Had this been one of my disc jockeys that had made this comment, they would have been terminated.” 
  
 Leonard explained further why he felt the show had to be taken off the air: 
  
 “We have always encouraged spirited discussion about national and local issues on KPUA and from time to time those discussions may be deemed by some to be objectionable. We are strong believers in the first amendment and have recognized Mr. Limbaugh’s right to express opinions that often times differ from our own, but it has never been our goal to allow our station to be used for personal attacks and intolerance. The most recent incident has crossed a line of decency and a standard that we expect of programming on KPUA whether it is locally produced or a syndicated program like the Rush Limbaugh show. While much of the national debate regarding this issue is now being framed in political terms, the decision for us is one of decency and responsibility. Regardless of one’s political views on the issue being discussed, we feel the delivery was degrading and the continued comments over several days to be egregious. As a result, we are discontinuing the Rush Limbaugh program on KPUA effective immediately.” 
  
 UPDATE: Another radio station in Pittsfield, Massachusetts– WBEC– also says it is dropping the Rush Limbaugh show. 
  
 WBEC’s General Manager Peter Barry says his station hadn’t yet lost any advertisers as a result of Rush’s comments, and no more than a handful of callers had voiced complaints. But he says over the years he and station staff have grown increasingly uncomfortable with Limbaugh’s rhetoric. “The nature of Rush’s programming has always presented challenges for us and he’s always pushed the envelope. But this time he’s taken it too far.” 
  
 (h/t HSA) 
  
 Editor’s note: This post has been edited since its original posting – Jon Nicosia ||||| By Erika Engle 
  
 and Associated Press 
  
 The nationally syndicated Rush Limbaugh radio show has been pulled from Hilo radio station KPUA-AM 670 in the aftermath of his offensive remarks about a woman who spoke in favor of health plan coverage for contraception. 
  
 It may be the first radio station nationally to cancel airings of the program. 
  
 New West Broadcasting Corp. President and General Manger Chris Leonard said, regardless of the political views being discussed, he felt the initially degrading comments about Georgetown University law school student Sandra Fluke, and the escalating comments that followed, were "egregious," and that "decency and responsibility" dictated the show's cancellation. 
  
 "I spent a good part of the weekend deliberating this issue," he said. "Had this been one of my disc jockeys that had made this comment, they would have been terminated." 
  
 Two other Hawaii radio stations air the weekday program: KHVH-AM 830 in Honolulu, from 9 a.m. no noon, and on Maui, KAOI-AM 1110, from 8 to 11 a.m. 
  
 On Monday, AOL Inc. and Tax Resolution Services Co. were the eighth and ninth companies to say that they will suspend advertising on Limbaugh’s program, one of the most popular radio shows in the country. 
  
 Limbaugh last week called student Fluke a “slut” and “prostitute” after she testified to congressional Democrats in support of their national health care policy that would compel her Jesuit college’s health plan to cover her birth control. 
  
 He apologized over the weekend after several advertisers pulled out of his program. 
  
 On Monday, he joked that he got a busy signal when he called his show because of the advertisers who are abandoning it. 
  
 Clear Channel’s Premiere Radio Networks Inc. hosts Limbaugh’s show. The company is supporting Limbaugh, whose on-air contract runs through 2016. 
  
 Premiere Radio said in a statement Monday that it respects Limbaugh’s right to express his opinions, and said that “in an attempt at absurdist humor to illustrate his political point, Mr. Limbaugh used words that unfortunately distracted from the message he was trying to convey.” 
  
 The company said Limbaugh did the right thing by “expressing regret for his choice of words and offering his sincere and heartfelt apology to Ms. Fluke.” Fluke said Monday that Limbaugh’s apology changes nothing and that Americans have to decide whether to support companies that continue to advertise on his program. 
  
 The advertisers that have backed away from Limbaugh’s program represent a broad range of industries, from technology to financial services to retailers. Tax Resolution Services advises customers on tax disputes with the IRS. CEO Michael Rozbruch said Monday that his firm is pulling ads for now. The company has endorsements from Limbaugh and other conservative broadcasters on its website. 
  
 AOL, an Internet portal that runs the TechCrunch blog and the Huffington Post, said Monday that Limbaugh’s comments “are not in line with our values.” 
  
 Other companies that say they have left the show include flower delivery service ProFlowers, mortgage lender Quicken Loans, the maker of Sleep Number beds, mattress retailer Sleep Train, software maker Citrix Systems Inc., online data backup service provider Carbonite and online legal document services company LegalZoom. 
  
 Clear Channel Media and Entertainment operates more than 850 radio stations in the U.S., and Premiere says it’s the largest radio content provider in the country, syndicating programs to more than 5,000 affiliate stations. Clear Channel has declined to say how much revenue it stands to lose from advertiser defections. Its parent company was taken private in 2008. |||||

Write a summary.