Summarize this article:

What is enterovirus D68? 
  
 First identified in California in 1962, enterovirus D68 (EV-D68) is one of more than 100 non-polio enteroviruses. 
  
 How common is EV-D68 in the United States? 
  
 Small numbers of EV-D68 have been reported regularly to CDC since 1987. However, during 2014 the number of people reported with confirmed EV-D68 infection was much greater than that reported in previous years. We can’t predict whether EV-D68 will be a common type of enterovirus detected this year or in future seasons. That’s because a mix of enteroviruses circulates every year, and different types of enteroviruses can be common in different years. 
  
 What time of the year are people most likely to get infected? 
  
 In the United States, you are more likely to get infected with enteroviruses in the summer and fall. However, you can get infected year round. 
  
 What are the symptoms of EV-D68 infection? 
  
 EV-D68 can cause mild to severe respiratory illness, or no symptoms at all. 
  
 Mild symptoms may include runny nose, sneezing, cough, body aches, and muscle aches. 
  
 Severe symptoms may include wheezing and difficulty breathing. 
  
 Anyone with respiratory illness should contact their doctor if they are having difficulty breathing or if their symptoms are getting worse. 
  
 How does the virus spread? 
  
 Since EV-D68 causes respiratory illness, the virus can be found in an infected person’s respiratory secretions, such as saliva, nasal mucus, or sputum (mucus-like secretions from the lungs). EV-D68 likely spreads from person to person when an infected person coughs, sneezes, or touches a surface that is then touched by others. 
  
 Who is at risk? 
  
 In general, infants, children, and teenagers are most likely to get infected with enteroviruses and become ill. That’s because they do not yet have immunity (protection) from previous exposures to these viruses. We believe this is also true for EV-D68. Adults can get infected with enteroviruses, but they are more likely to have no symptoms or mild symptoms. 
  
 Children with asthma may have a higher risk for severe respiratory illness caused by EV-D68 infection. 
  
 How is it diagnosed? 
  
 Watch CDC medical epidemiologist Brian Rha explain who is at risk for EV-D68 and more in a 2-minute video on WebMDExternal . 
  
 EV-D68 can only be diagnosed by doing specific lab tests on specimens from a person’s nose and throat, or blood. Many hospitals and some doctor’s offices can test ill patients to see if they have enterovirus infection. However, most cannot do specific testing to determine the type of enterovirus, like EV-D68. CDC and some state health departments can do this sort of testing using a real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) lab test, which allows testing and reporting of results within a few days of receiving specimens. Health departments may contact CDC for further enterovirus typing. 
  
 CDC recommends that clinicians consider testing for EV-D68 when patients present with severe respiratory illness and the cause is unclear. For more information, see Enterovirus D68 for Health Care Professionals. 
  
 Top of Page 
  
 What are the treatments? 
  
 There is no specific treatment for people with respiratory illness caused by EV-D68. Talk to a doctor about your symptoms and the best way to control them. 
  
 Some people with severe respiratory illness may need to be hospitalized and receive intensive supportive therapy. 
  
 There are no antiviral medications currently available for people who become infected with EV-D68. 
  
 How can I protect myself? 
  
 You can help prevent yourself from getting and spreading EV-D68 by following these steps: 
  
 Wash your hands often with soap and water for 20 seconds. See Handwashing: Clean Hands Save Lives. 
  
 Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth with unwashed hands. 
  
 Avoid close contact such as kissing, hugging, and sharing cups or eating utensils with people who are sick, and when you are sick. 
  
 Cover your coughs and sneezes with a tissue or your upper shirt sleeve, not your hands. 
  
 Clean and disinfect frequently touched surfaces, such as toys and doorknobs, especially if someone is sick. 
  
 Stay home when you are sick. 
  
 See our infographic that shows these prevention steps. 
  
 There are no vaccines for preventing EV-D68 infections. 
  
 Top of Page 
  
 What should people with asthma and children suffering from reactive airway disease do? 
  
 Children with asthma may have a higher risk for severe symptoms from EV-D68 and other respiratory illnesses. They should follow CDC’s guidance to maintain control of their illness during enterovirus season, which occurs each year in the U.S. during summer and fall. 
  
 CDC recommends the following: 
  
 Discuss and update your asthma action plan with your primary care provider. 
  
 Take your prescribed asthma medications as directed, especially long-term control medication(s). 
  
 Be sure to keep your reliever medication with you. 
  
 Get a flu vaccine when available each year. 
  
 If you develop new or worsening asthma symptoms, follow the steps of your asthma action plan. If your symptoms do not go away, call your doctor right away. 
  
 Parents should make sure the child’s caregiver and/or teacher is aware of his/her condition, and that they know how to help if the child experiences any symptoms related to asthma. 
  
 For additional information, see “What Parents Need to Know about Enterovirus D68” in 
  
 A large outbreak of EV-D68 occurred in 2014. How many people got sick? 
  
 In summer and fall 2014, the United States experienced a nationwide outbreak of EV-D68 associated with severe respiratory illness. From mid-August 2014 to January 15, 2015, CDC or state public health laboratories confirmed 1,395 people in 49 states and the District of Columbia with respiratory illness caused by EV-D68. Almost all of the confirmed cases were among children, many whom had asthma or a history of wheezing. Additionally, there were likely many thousands of mild EV-D68 infections for which people did not seek medical treatment and/or get tested. This was the first documented nationwide outbreak of EV-D68. Although illness associated with EV-D68 is not notifiable, circulation of this virus occurs most often in late summer and fall, which is the typical enterovirus season. 
  
 CDC received about 2,600 specimens for enterovirus testing during 2014, which was substantially more than usual. About 39% of those tested positive for EV-D68. About 40% tested positive for an enterovirus or rhinovirus other than EV-D68. 
  
 Will we see another EV-D68 outbreak this year or in future years? 
  
 Enteroviruses are ever-present in the community. We can’t predict whether EV-D68 will be a common type of enterovirus detected this year or in other future seasons. A mix of enteroviruses circulates every year, and different types of enteroviruses can be common in different years. Each year we expect to detect cases, but the number of cases identified in the U.S. varies from year to year. As in previous years, CDC will continue to work with states to test specimens for enteroviruses to determine virus type, support the identification and investigation of outbreaks, and monitor seasonal activity. 
  
 Top of Page ||||| Story highlights "It seems to be attacking the spinal cord and brain stem," doctor says 
  
 MRI tests spotted abnormalities in sick children's spinal gray matter 
  
 Health officials are looking for the cause; it may be enterovirus 
  
 Ten children in Colorado hospitalized with limb paralysis 
  
 Health officials are looking for the cause of a neurologic illness that's affected 10 children in Colorado. 
  
 The children were hospitalized between August 9 and September 28 with muscle weakness in their limbs, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
  
 Something is affecting the children's motor nerves, causing weakness primarily in their shoulders, triceps, biceps and hips, says Dr. Joyce Oleszek, a pediatric rehabilitation specialist at Children's Hospital Colorado. Doctors are also seeing some weakness in the neck and facial muscles in these patients. 
  
 "It seems to be attacking the spinal cord and brain stem," Oleszek said at a press conference Monday. 
  
 MRI tests spotted abnormalities in the children's spinal gray matter. Most of the children experienced a respiratory illness before being admitted to the hospital, although only two had a history of asthma. 
  
 The latest case was a girl who arrived at Children's Hospital Colorado over the weekend. She and three of the other patients are still at the hospital. The rest have been discharged, said Dr. Sam Dominguez, a microbial epidemiologist at the hospital. Doctors do not know if the neurological damage will be permanent. 
  
 The CDC is investigating the cause of these symptoms. Health officials do not believe that the cases were caused by polio, as at least eight of the 10 children are up to date on their polio vaccinations. 
  
 "We don't know, at this point, if there is any association between the enterovirus EV-D68 that's circulating and the paralytic conditions some of the children in Colorado are experiencing," CDC spokesman Tom Skinner said. 
  
 Tests of the children's cerebrospinal fluid came back negative for enteroviruses and West Nile virus. But a test of their nasal passages found enterovirus in six out of eight patients who were tested. 
  
 Of those six, four tested positive for enterovirus D68, which has been sending children across North America to the hospital with severe respiratory illnesses. The other two test results are pending. 
  
 "It could be something else. That doesn't prove cause and effect, but it's circumstantial evidence," said Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. The cause "still remains a puzzle." 
  
 JUST WATCHED Virus sends hundreds to hospital Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Virus sends hundreds to hospital 01:40 
  
 A cluster of children with similar paralysis symptoms was identified in California last year. Samples from two of the children tested positive for enterovirus D68. 
  
 Enterovirus D68 is part of the Picornaviridae family, which also includes the poliovirus, other enteroviruses and rhinoviruses. Enteroviruses are very common, especially in late summer and early fall. The CDC estimates that 10 million to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year. 
  
 These viruses usually appear like the common cold; symptoms include sneezing, a runny nose and a cough. Most people recover without any treatment. But some types of enterovirus are more serious. These can cause hand, foot and mouth disease; viral meningitis; encephalitis (inflammation of the brain); an infection of the heart; and paralysis in some patients. 
  
 This year, enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children who have asthma. The virus has infected at least 277 people in 40 states, according to the CDC. Cases have also been reported in Canada. Children's Hospital Colorado has treated over 4,000 children with severe respiratory illness since August 18, said Dr. Chris Nyquist, medical director for Infection Prevention and Control. About 10% were admitted. 
  
 CNN affiliate WCBS reported Friday that a New Jersey toddler died last week from a severe respiratory illness and that the CDC will be testing samples to see whether he had enterovirus D68. 
  
 The CDC is asking other hospitals across the country to be on the lookout for similar cases and to send in information on any patients with these symptoms. 
  
 "Parents shouldn't panic," Nyquist says. "This is very, very uncommon. " 
  
 Common-sense things, like frequent hand-washing and avoiding sick people, can help protect kids from becoming infected, she said. |||||