Information:  - Machines of Loving Grace was an industrial rock band from Tucson, Arizona best known for their song "Butterfly Wings".  - The Squirrel Nut Zippers are an American band formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States, by James "Jimbo" Mathus (vocals and guitar), Tom Maxwell (vocals and guitar), Katharine Whalen (vocals, banjo, and ukulele), Chris Phillips on drums, Don Raleigh on bass and sideman Ken Mosher.  - Dillon Fence was an American rock band from Chapel Hill , North Carolina . They were active from the mid- 1980s until 1995 . The band released three full - length albums ( Rosemary , Outside In and Living Room Scene ) and two CD singles on Mammoth Records . They also released an EP `` Dillon Fence '' on their own label , Nocar . In 2004 , MoRisen released their greatest hits CD , which included an EP of new material . They also released a 3 - song EP entitled `` Christmas '' in 1991 . Dillon Fence derives its name from a regionally famous landmark fence made by local artists in the town of Dillon , SC . Prior to more recent highway bypass construction , Dillon was , and still is to a lessened extent , a fuel stop on the Charlotte - Wilmington - Myrtle Beach circuit traveled by many unsigned and local bands . Singer / songwriter Greg Humphreys ' songs have been covered by bands like Hootie and the Blowfish ( who used to open for them and later vice versa ) and Letters to Cleo . The band was also made up of drummer Scott Carle , guitarist Kent Alpin and bassist Chris Goode . Prior to Carle joining on drums , Brooke Pitts , a founder member of the band and original drummer , played drums during the band 's first two formative years and was featured on the `` Turtle Tapes '' demo recordings . His brother , Trent Pitts , played drums for the subsequent two years , and was featured on the original EP `` Dillon Fence '' -- a break - out record for the band . These early recordings included Dillon Fence standards such as Something For You , For Awhile , and Baby on Board . In December 2000 , they regrouped for a 3 - date tour and recorded a double - CD album Live at the Cat 's Cradle . They also did summer reunion tours in 2004 and 2005 to support the greatest hits album . Greg Humphreys now leads a soul - funk group called Hobex . Scott Carle was in Collapsis ( Cherry / Universal ) in 2000 . Later he joined the B - Sides with Ken Mosher ( Squirrel Nut Zippers ) & future members of The Never . Next was Marat , a...  - The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, also known as UNC, or simply Carolina, is a public research university located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, United States. After being chartered in 1789, the university first began enrolling students in 1795, which also allows it to be one of three schools to claim the title of the oldest public university in the United States.  - My Friend Steve was a band hailing from Orlando, Florida fronted by vocalist Steven Foxbury (aka Steve Burry). They have earned comparisons to Counting Crows. "Charmed" was their only single which charted, released on their 1998 album "Hope & Wait" on Mammoth Records. The single appeared on Billboard's 1999 Modern Rock Chart, peaking at number 38. The song also reached the Adult Top 40 charts, peaking at #30. The music video for "Charmed" featured actress Selma Blair, as the song was the theme for Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane in which she starred. That same year, the band released a live performance version of its song "All in All" on the charity album "Live in the X Lounge II.  - Juliana Hatfield (born July 27, 1967) is an American musician and singer-songwriter from the Boston area. She was formerly of the indie rock bands Blake Babies and Some Girls and now performs as a solo artist, and as one half of Minor Alps, alongside Matthew Caws of Nada Surf. In December 2014, "Paste Magazine" named her cover of the "Needle in the Hay", a song by Elliott Smith, as No. 10 one of the "20 Best Cover Songs of 2014."  - The University of North Carolina is a multi-campus public university system composed of all 16 of North Carolina's public universities, as well as the NC School of Science and Mathematics, the nation's first public residential high school for gifted students. Commonly referred to as the University of North Carolina system or the UNC system to differentiate it from the original campus in Chapel Hill, the university has a total enrollment of over 183,001 students and confers over 75% of all baccalaureate degrees in North Carolina in 2008.  - Seven Mary Three, occasionally abbreviated to 7 Mary 3 or 7M3, is an American hard rock band. They have released seven studio albums and one live album, and are best known for their hit single "Cumbersome".  - Mammoth Records was an independent record label founded in 1989 by Jay Faires in the Carrboro area of Chapel Hill, North Carolina. The majority of the acts on Mammoth were executive-produced by Faires and the labels general manager, Steve Balcom. The label was the first independent to produce two platinum records. Mammoth featured an eclectic roster including: Blake Babies, Chainsaw Kittens, Machines of Loving Grace, Juliana Hatfield, Joe Henry, Seven Mary Three, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Victoria Williams, The Sidewinders, Jason & the Scorchers, Frente!, The Bats, The Backsliders, Antenna, Dash Rip Rock, Dillon Fence, Fun-Da-Mental, Fu Manchu, Kill Creek, The Melvins, Jocelyn Montgomery, The Hope Blister, My Friend Steve, and Vanilla Trainwreck among others.  - UNC Health Care is a not-for-profit medical system owned by the State of North Carolina and based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. It provides services throughout the Triangle and North Carolina. UNC Health Care was created in 1998, when the North Carolina General Assembly passed legislation that established the UNC Health Care System, bringing under one entity UNC Hospitals and the clinical programs of the UNC School of Medicine. The first hospital in what later became known as UNC Hospitals and the UNC Health Care System was North Carolina Memorial Hospital, which opened on Sept. 2, 1952. Then in 1989, the North Carolina General Assembly created the University of North Carolina Hospitals entity as a unifying organization to govern constituent hospitals.  - Fun-Da-Mental is a British-based multi-ethnic hip-hopethno-technoworld fusion music group formed in 1991. The group is notable for its energetic fusion of Eastern and Western musical forms, for its outspoken political stance, and for its strong Islamic affiliation and advocacy. Fun-Da-Mental's political stance has led to the group earning the label "the Asian Public Enemy". The group's work has led to international attention and collaborations with artists from Pakistan, South Africa and Siberia.  - Dash Rip Rock is an American musical trio known for their high-octane roots rock. "The New York Times" stated that Dash Rip Rock combines fluency in American roots music with a robust dose of punk-rock spirit. Bill Davis, Dash Rip Rocks founder and frontman, is a songwriter known for his blistering guitar work. "Spin" praised Dash Rip Rock as undeniably the Souths greatest rock band. In 2012, Dash Rip Rock was inducted into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame.  - Victoria Williams (born December 23, 1958) is an American singer, songwriter and musician, originally from Shreveport, Louisiana, although she has resided in Southern California throughout her musical career. She is noted for her descriptive songwriting talent, which she has used to immerse the listener of her songs into a vivid feeling of small-town, rural Southern upbringing and life. Her best-known songs include "Crazy Mary", and "Century Plant", and much of her work finds inspiration in nature, ("Weeds", "Century Plant," "Why Look at the Moon"), everyday objects ("Shoes," "Frying Pan") and the unseen, as in "Holy Spirit".  - The Sidewinders (later the Sand Rubies) were a rock band from Tucson, Arizona, who released two major-label albums and scored two radio hits in the US before a lawsuit forced a change of name. Another album was released on a major label but by that time the band had nearly broken up. Since then the band has reunited and dissolved several times.  - Blake Babies were an American college music band formed in 1986 in Boston, Massachusetts. The three primary members were John Strohm, Freda Love (born Freda Boner), and Juliana Hatfield, with Evan Dando, Andrew Mayer, Seth White, Anthony DeLuca (who played drums in place of Freda for the group's last European tour in early 1992), and Mike Leahy each also performing as members of the band at times.  - The Backsliders are an alternative-traditional country-rock band composed of Chip Robinson, Steve Howell, Danny Kurtz, Jeff Dennis, and Brad Rice. Chip Robinson teamed up with Steve Howell to form The Backsliders, which began as a duo in 1991 in Athens, GA. The group formed in 1994, and disbanded in 1999. The band has reunited in late 2012.   - The Chainsaw Kittens were a part of the American alternative rock scene, drawing from pop, glam rock, punk, new wave and British Invasion music. Their lyrics tackled such varied topics as religion, the Stonewall Riots, Federico Fellini, Oklahoma, Erik Menendez, and Oscar Wilde.  - Melvins are an American rock band that formed in 1983 in Montesano, Washington. They have mostly performed as a trio, as well as a quartet with two drummers in recent years. Since 1984, vocalist and guitarist Buzz Osborne and drummer Dale Crover have been constant members. The band was named after a supervisor at a Thriftway in Montesano, Washington, where Osborne also worked as a clerk. "Melvin" was despised by other employees, and the band's members felt it to be an appropriately ridiculous name. Their early work was key to the development of both grunge and sludge metal.  - Frente! (or Frente) are an Australian alternative rock and folk-pop group which originally formed in 1989. The original line-up consisted of Simon Austin on guitar and backing vocals, Angie Hart on lead vocals, Tim O'Connor on bass guitar (later replaced by Bill McDonald), and Mark Picton on drums (later replaced by Alastair Barden, then by Pete Luscombe). In August 1991 they issued their debut extended play, "Whirled", which included the track, "Labour of Love". In March 1992 they released a second EP, "Clunk", with its featured track, "Ordinary Angels", which peaked at No. 3 on the ARIA Singles Chart. It was followed in October by "Kelly Street" (unintentional misprint of "Accidentally Kelly Street" was retained) which reached No. 4. Their debut album, Marvin the Album, issued in November, peaked at No. 5 on the ARIA Albums Chart. "Labour of Love" was released as an EP outside of Australasia in 1994 as a CD single with a cover version of New Order's "Bizarre Love Triangle" included. The Australian rock music historian Ian McFarlane felt that the group's "quirky, irreverent, acoustic-based sound was at odds with the usual guitar-heavy, grunge trends of the day. The band's presentation had a tweeness about it that could have been off-putting if not for its genuine freshness and honesty".  - Chapel Hill is a city in Orange County, North Carolina (with some eastern portions in Durham County), and the home of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and UNC Health Care. The population was 57,233 at the 2010 census; Chapel Hill is the 16th-largest municipality in North Carolina.  - Vanilla Trainwreck is an indie rock group from Raleigh, North Carolina that was active in the 1990s. They released three albums on Mammoth Records. The band members are still active in the Raleigh scene today, with singer/guitarist Greg Elkins now producing records and drummer Brian Quast playing in the reunited Polvo.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'genre' with 'alternative rock'.