Detailed Instructions: In this task, you are given a set of context paragraph and some supporting facts to answer a question. Your task is to generate answer for given question based on set of context paragraphs and supporting facts.
Q: Context_1 : The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922. The story primarily concerns the young and mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby and his quixotic passion and obsession for the beautiful former debutante Daisy Buchanan. Considered to be Fitzgerald's magnum opus, "The Great Gatsby" explores themes of decadence, idealism, resistance to change, social upheaval, and excess, creating a portrait of the Jazz Age or the Roaring Twenties that has been described as a cautionary tale regarding the American Dream. Context_2 : Boats Against the Current is a 1977 album by Eric Carmen. The title is taken from a line in the novel "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald, “So we beat on, boats against the current, borne ceaselessly into the past.” It was Carmen's second solo LP, after the Raspberries disbanded. It peaked at #45 on the Billboard album chart. Context_3 : Samuel Manetoali (born January 24, 1969) is a member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands. He represents the Gao/Bugotu constituency in Isabel Province. He attended Lepi Primary School and then went on to do his secondary education at the prestigious King George Sixth National School in Honiara. He attended law school at the University of Papua New Guinea and graduated with an LLB degree and further unspecified qualifications from the University of Tasmania and University of South Australia. Prior to entering politics he worked in the country's Public Solicitors Office, then he worked as a private lawyer and a legal adviser to the Isabel Provincial Government. He first entered parliament in the 2006 general election and re-elected in the 2010 general election.. He served as the Solomon Islands' Minister of Police, National Security and Correctional Services in Prime Minister Derek Sikua's Cabinet until May 2009, when he was transferred to the position of Minister for Lands, Survey, and Housing. Following the 2010 general election, he remained in Cabinet, under new Prime Minister Danny Philip, as Minister for Tourism and Culture. In this year's (2014) general election which was held on the 19th November, he was voted in again for the third term with a landslide victory. . He contested as an independent candidate in last week's election.. As a lawyer, many people had expected more from him seeing that many world leaders including Barack Obama and Tony Abott are lawyers by profession and he appears to be a potential candidate for the prime minister's post given his experience as a politician (3 terms including the current term) and his noble profession. His current success in the recent election could be attributed to projects such as mini-fisheries projects that he established in the various villages in his constituency. He also helped the villages and communities by giving handouts such as roofing irons, outboard motor engines, fiber boats, solar panels, cash money and other form of support as a way to maintain and broaden his support. He also supported local tourism in his constituency by giving financial help to tourism operators such as on Sigana Island,albeit, tourism is still at its infant stage in his constituency. His other elixir to maintain his popularity and support is through facilitating and sending Bamboo Bands/groups notably the Hageulu bamboo band overseas for the promotion of tourism and culture for the country and he managed to do that in his capacity as the minister of Tourism and Culture in the Lilo-led government. He was also instrumental in establishing the Gao-Bugotu Cultural Festival initially held in Huali Village in Gao and in Sepi/Lepi Villages in Bugotu. Context_4 : Type 3 120 mm 45 caliber naval gun was a Japanese naval gun and coast defense gun used on destroyers, submarines and torpedo boats of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War I and World War II. The proper title of the gun under the Japanese naval artillery naming system is 12 cm/45 3rd Year Type naval gun. Other guns using this naming system are the 41 cm/45 3rd Year Type naval gun, 20 cm/50 3rd Year Type naval gun, 15.5 cm/60 3rd Year Type naval gun and the 12.7 cm/50 Type 3 naval gun. Context_5 : The Lake Washington ferries in King County, Washington provided the only efficient means for transporting goods and passengers across the lake prior to the opening of the first floating bridge in 1940. The ferries ran between Kirkland, Bellevue, and Houghton across Lake Washington to East Madison Street in Seattle's Madison Park for ten cents each way. They soon became so popular that the King County Port Commission established a public ferry in 1900, competing with private boats. In 1913 a reconfigured side-wheeler steamboat, the wooden "Leschi", became the first Seattle-built automobile ferry. By 1922 the county ferry system was in such financial difficulty that it appointed its largest competitor to run the system. The 1940 opening of the Lake Washington floating bridge was the beginning of the end for the lake ferries. However, during World War II the ferries carried workers to the Lake Washington Shipyard, where auxiliary ships were built for the U.S. Navy, and made a tidy profit. A year after the tolls were removed from the floating bridge, the last ferry route was retired, and the boat was sold to the Washington State Ferries, which had taken over the Puget Sound Navigation Company in 1951. Context_6 : Monterey Boats, Williston, FL - founded 1985 in Archer Florida by the Marshall brothers, partners, co-chairmen and CEO of the company. From early beginnings with only two 19 foot runabout models Monterey took its first leap in 1989 introducing their first family cruiser. By the mid-1990s Monterey offered a complete line of Sport Boats and Express Cruisers. Today, Monterey Boats builds Sport Boats, Deck Boats, Cruisers and Sport Yachts from 18 to 41 feet. Recent years have seen Monterey Boats grow at a rapid rate, and today the company produces over 2,000 boats per year. Well regarded for its contemporary styling and above-average construction, Monterey has a reputation for customer satisfaction with the strongest warranty in the industry. Context_7 : La Merced is a barrio or a neighborhood of Mexico City defined by its socioeconomics and history rather than by an official designation. It extends over the southeast of the historic center of Mexico City and is one of the oldest sections of the city, established over 700 years ago by the Mexica as part of the founding of Tenochtitlan. Over its history the area was associated with commerce, first as a major docking area for boats bringing goods to Tenochtitlan/Mexico City on Lake Texcoco, later via canals as the lake was slowly drained. In the latter 19th century, the La Merced market was established in the area replacing the massive La Merced monastery which was almost completely destroyed in the 1860s. This market was established to centralize the marketing of foodstuffs for the city on one area. The first La Merced market was built in 1890 and then replaced by the current building in 1957, one of the largest traditional Mexican markets in Mexico City. In the 1980s, the wholesale function of this market was taken over by the newly constructed Centro de Abasto in the south of the city, with the barrio then going into economic and social decline. Although there have been efforts to revitalize the area and the La Merced market remains important, the area has problems with poverty, population loss and prostitution. Context_8 : Kite fishing is a fishing technique involving a kite from which hangs a drop line attached to a lure or bait. The kite is flown out over the surface of a body of water, and the bait floats near the waterline until taken by a fish. The kite then drops immediately, signaling to the fisherman that the bait has been taken, and the fish is then hauled in. Kites can provide the boatless fishermen access to waters that would otherwise be available only to boats. Similarly, for boat owners, kites provide a way to fish in areas where it is not safe to navigate such as shallows or coral reefs where fish may be plentiful. Context_9 : Operation Nordlicht ("Northern Light") was a German operation during the end of World War II. After Finland had made peace with the USSR, the Germans planned to fall back to defense lines built and equipped in advance across Finnish Lapland (Operation Birke). During the operation, the "Oberkommando der Wehrmacht" gave an order to move from Operation Birke to Operation Nordlicht on 4 October 1944. This meant that instead of evacuating everything and then fortifying on the strong defensive positions German 20th Mountain Army was to retreat according to a set timetable to a new defense line in Lyngen, Norway. The Germans retreated using scorched earth tactics, and destroyed almost all buildings and all boats in Finnmark, thus denying the enemy any facilities in the area. These same tactics had already been used in Finnish Lapland. The retreat ended on January 30, 1945. A detailed account of 'the Nazis' scorched earth campaign in Norway' by Vincent Hunt includes statements by eyewitnesses, photographs taken at the time and a map of locations and prisoner of war camps. Context_10 : Pennsylvania Canal "(or sometimes Pennsylvania Canal system)" refers generally to a complex system of transportation infrastructure improvements including canals, dams, locks, tow paths, aqueducts, and viaducts. The Canal and Works were constructed and assembled over several decades beginning in 1824, the year of the first enabling act and budget items. It should be understood the "first use of any railway" in North America was the year 1826, so the newspapers and the Pennsylvania Assembly of 1824 applied the term then to the proposed Right of ways mainly for the canals of the Main Line of Public Works to be built across the southern part of Pennsylvania. Enacted before Railroads gestated during their infancy, the focus of the act was to create through building a canal system, the capability to ship heavy or bulk goods and connect Philadelphia to Pittsburgh—and "more importantly"—and "beyond" to the "new growth markets" in the developing territories reached by the Ohio River now called the midwest. Later, when updated in 1837 to reflect the experience of twelve years of toddler-railways, the term was also applied to railroads and new canals to be added to the state transportation system. As a crowning achievement, the Main Line of Public Works and the Pennsylvania Canal system topped 2100 ft in elevation by erecting the Allegheny Portage Railroad, which used a system of five inclines and five planes on each side of the Eastern Continental Divide at Cresson Pass in Cambria County to actually haul wheeled flat cars, which had halved canal boats placed on them, up and over the Allegheny Front and connect Pittsburgh to the Susquehanna. When finished in 1834 the trip from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh could be made in 3–5 days, weather conditions depending. fact_1 :  The title is taken from a line in the novel "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald, “So we beat on, boats against the current, borne ceaselessly into the past.” fact_2 : The Great Gatsby is a 1925 novel written by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional town of West Egg on prosperous Long Island in the summer of 1922. Question: The novel which had a line from which the title of the album "Boats Against the Current" is taken is from what year?
A: