Information:  - A composer (Latin "compn"; literally "one who puts together") is a person who creates or writes music, which can be vocal music (for a singer or choir), instrumental music (e.g., for solo piano, string quartet, wind quintet or orchestra) or music which combines both instruments and voices (e.g., opera or art song, which is a singer accompanied by a pianist). The core meaning of the term refers to individuals who have contributed to the tradition of Western classical music through creation of works expressed in written musical notation (e.g., sheet music scores).  - The Criterion Collection, Inc. (or simply Criterion) is an American home video distribution company which focuses on licensing "important classic and contemporary films" and selling them to film aficionados. Criterion is noted for helping to standardize the letterbox format for widescreen films, bonus features, commentary tracks, and special editions for home video.  - A writer is a person who uses written words in various styles and techniques to communicate their ideas. Writers produce various forms of literary art and creative writing such as novels, short stories, poetry, plays, screenplays, and essays as well as various reports and news articles that may be of interest to the public. Writers' texts are published across a range of media. Skilled writers who are able to use language to express ideas well often contribute significantly to the cultural content of a society. The word is also used elsewhere in the arts  such as songwriter  but as a standalone term, "writer" normally refers to the creation of written language. Some writers work from an oral tradition.  - Raymond Martinez Fernandez (December 17, 1914  March 8, 1951) and Martha Jule Beck (May 6, 1920  March 8, 1951) were an American serial killer couple. They are believed to have killed as many as 20 women during their murderous spree between 1947 and 1949. After their arrest and trial for serial murder in 1949, they became known as "The Lonely Hearts Killers" for meeting their unsuspecting victims through lonely hearts ads. A number of films and television shows are based on this case.  - Tony Lo Bianco (born October 19, 1936) is an American actor in films and television.  - The Woman Next Door is a 1981 French film directed by François Truffaut. It was the 39th highest-grossing film of the year, with a total of 1,087,600 admissions in France.  - Gustav Mahler (7 July 1860, Kališt in Bohemia, now Czech Republic  18 May 1911, Vienna in Austria-Hungary) was an Austrian late-Romantic composer, and one of the leading conductors of his generation. As a composer he acted as a bridge between the 19th century Austro-German tradition and the modernism of the early 20th century. While in his lifetime his status as a conductor was established beyond question, his own music gained wide popularity only after periods of relative neglect which included a ban on its performance in much of Europe during the Nazi era. After 1945 his compositions were rediscovered and championed by a new generation of listeners; Mahler then became one of the most frequently performed and recorded of all composers, a position he has sustained into the 21st century.  - Shoot the Piano Player (UK title: Shoot the Pianist) is a 1960 French crime drama film directed by François Truffaut and starring Charles Aznavour as the titular pianist. It is based on the novel "Down There" by David Goodis.  - The Wild Child (released in the United Kingdom as The Wild Boy) is a 1970 French film by director François Truffaut. Featuring Jean-Pierre Cargol, François Truffaut, Françoise Seigner and Jean Dasté, it tells the story of a child who spends the first eleven or twelve years of his life with little or no human contact. It is based on the true events regarding the child Victor of Aveyron, reported by Jean Marc Gaspard Itard. The film sold nearly 1.5 million tickets in France.  - The Honeymoon Killers is a 1969 American crime film written and directed by Leonard Kastle , and starring Shirley Stoler and Tony Lo Bianco . It is inspired by the true story of Raymond Fernandez and Martha Beck , the notorious `` lonely hearts killers '' of the 1940s . The soundtrack is from the first movement of the 6th Symphony and a section of the 5th Symphony of Gustav Mahler . The Honeymoon Killers , went on to achieve cult status as well as critical recognition . It was released on DVD for the first time by The Criterion Collection in 2003 . François Truffaut called it his `` favorite American film . ''  - A serial killer is a person who typically murders three or more people, usually in service of abnormal psychological gratification, with the murders taking place over more than a month and including a significant break (a "cooling off period") between them. Different authorities apply different criteria when designating serial killers; while most set a threshold of three murders, others extend it to four or lessen it to two. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), for example, defines serial killing as "a series of two or more murders, committed as separate events, usually, but not always, by one offender acting alone".  - Shirley Stoler (March 30, 1929  February 17, 1999) was an American actress best known for her roles in "The Honeymoon Killers" and Lina Wertmüller's "Pasqualino Settebellezze".  - Austria-Hungary, often referred to as the Austro-Hungarian Empire in English-language sources, was a constitutional union of the Austrian Empire (the Kingdoms and lands represented in the Imperial Council, or "Cisleithania") and the Kingdom of Hungary (Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen or "Transleithania") that existed from 1867 to 1918, when it collapsed as a result of defeat in World War I. The union was a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 and came into existence on 30 March 1867. Austria-Hungary consisted of two monarchies (Austria and Hungary), and one autonomous region: the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia under the Hungarian crown, which negotiated the CroatianHungarian Settlement ("Nagodba") in 1868. It was ruled by the House of Habsburg, and constituted the last phase in the constitutional evolution of the Habsburg Monarchy. Following the 1867 reforms, the Austrian and the Hungarian states were co-equal. Foreign affairs and the military came under joint oversight, but all other governmental faculties were divided between respective states.  - Home video is pre-recorded media that is either sold, rented or streamed for home entertainment. The term originates from the VHS/Betamax era, when the predominant medium was videotape, but has carried over into current optical disc formats like DVD and Blu-ray Disc and, to a lesser extent, into methods of digital distribution such as Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video.  - Lina Wertmüller (born 14 August 1928) is an Italian screenwriter and film director. She was the first woman nominated for an Academy Award for Directing "Seven Beauties". She is also known for her films "The Seduction of Mimi", "Love and Anarchy" and "Swept Away".  - Opera (English plural: "operas"; Italian plural: "opere" ) is an art form in which singers and musicians perform a dramatic work combining text (libretto) and musical score, usually in a theatrical setting. In traditional opera, singers do two types of singing: recitative, a speech-inflected style and arias, a more melodic style. Opera incorporates many of the elements of spoken theatre, such as acting, scenery, and costumes and sometimes includes dance. The performance is typically given in an opera house, accompanied by an orchestra or smaller musical ensemble, which since the early 19th century has been led by a conductor.  - Two English Girls (original French title: Les Deux Anglaises et le Continent, UK Title: Anne and Muriel), is a 1971 French romantic drama film directed by François Truffaut and adapted from a 1956 novel of the same name by Henri-Pierre Roché. It stars Jean-Pierre Léaud as Claude, Kika Markham as Anne, and Stacey Tendeter as Muriel. Truffaut restored 20 minutes of footage, which fills out the characters, before his death in 1984.  - Leonard Gregory Kastle (February 11, 1929  May 18, 2011) was an American opera composer, librettist, and director, although he is best known as the writer/director of the 1969 film, "The Honeymoon Killers", his only venture into the cinema, for which he did all his own research. He was an adjunct member of the SUNY Albany music faculty.  - Vienna is the capital and largest city of Austria and one of the nine states of Austria. Vienna is Austria's primary city, with a population of about 1.8 million (2.6 million within the metropolitan area, nearly one third of Austria's population), and its cultural, economic, and political centre. It is the 7th-largest city by population within city limits in the European Union. Until the beginning of the 20th century, it was the largest German-speaking city in the world, and before the splitting of the Austro-Hungarian Empire in World War I, the city had 2 million inhabitants. Today, it has the second largest number of German speakers after Berlin. Vienna is host to many major international organizations, including the United Nations and OPEC. The city is located in the eastern part of Austria and is close to the borders of the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary. These regions work together in a European Centrope border region. Along with nearby Bratislava, Vienna forms a metropolitan region with 3 million inhabitants. In 2001, the city centre was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.  - The 400 Blows is a 1959 French drama film, the debut by director François Truffaut; it stars Jean-Pierre Léaud, Albert Rémy, and Claire Maurier. One of the defining films of the French New Wave, it displays many of the characteristic traits of the movement. Written by Truffaut and Marcel Moussy, the film is about Antoine Doinel, a misunderstood adolescent in Paris who is thought by his parents and teachers to be a troublemaker. Filmed on location in Paris and Honfleur, it is the first in a series of five films in which Léaud plays the semi-autobiographical character.  - François Roland Truffaut (6 February 1932  21 October 1984) was a French film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, and film critic, as well as one of the founders of the French New Wave. In a film career lasting over a quarter of a century, he remains an icon of the French film industry, having worked on over 25 films. Truffaut's film "The 400 Blows" came to be a defining film of the French New Wave movement. He also directed such classics as "Shoot the Piano Player" (1960), "Jules et Jim" (1961), "The Wild Child" (1970), "Two English Girls" (1971), "Day for Night" (1973) and "The Woman Next Door" (1981).  - The Czech Republic, also known by the short name Czechia, is a nation state in Central Europe bordered by Germany to the west, Austria to the south, Slovakia to the east and Poland to the northeast. The Czech Republic covers an area of with mostly temperate continental climate and oceanic climate. It is a unitary parliamentary republic, has 10.5 million inhabitants and the capital and largest city is Prague, with over 1.2 million residents. The Czech Republic includes the historical territories of Bohemia, Moravia, and Czech Silesia.    'the honeymoon killers' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'main subject'?  Choices: - actor  - art  - austria  - child  - city  - classical music  - company  - crime  - cult  - dance  - death  - english  - europe  - evolution  - film  - film industry  - july  - language  - love  - music  - opera  - serial killer  - true  - united nations  - vhs  - war  - woman  - writer  - writing
Answer: