KATY ISD Superintendent Alton Frailey addresses the media. (Photo: KHOU 11 News) 
  
 KATY, Texas - Katy ISD's superintendent and the school principal addressed the media for the first time Wednesday afternoon after a seventh grader claimed a teacher forced her to deny God's existence as part of a graded class assignment. 
  
 Superintendent Alton Frailey praised the student, Jordan Wooley for speaking up when she felt she was being forced to choose between a class assignment and her faith. 
  
 While Frailey said interviews with several students and the class teacher aren't backing up Wooley's story, some other parents are. 
  
 "Highly inappropriate, has not been used again, will not be used," said Frailey. "In fact, it's literally in the trash can." 
  
 That was Frailey's reaction to the class assignment that's grabbed national headlines and even garnered support from Gov. Greg Abbott on Twitter. 
  
 "(Were) the students told they had to deny God?" said Frailey. "No one corroborated that." 
  
 The firestorm started after Wooley, a student at West Memorial Jr. High, told the Katy ISD School Board Monday night she received a graded class assignment earlier in the day that made her answer whether the statement "There is a God" was a fact, opinion, or common assertion. 
  
 "I said it was fact or opinion," said Wooley. 
  
 But Wooley said her reading teacher told her both her answers were wrong and that she had to admit God wasn't real. 
  
 "I didn't really know what to do," said Wooley, who told her mother, Chantel Wooley immediately after school. 
  
 Chantel Wooley told KHOU 11 News shortly before Wednesday's press conference that even after the school's principal called her on Tuesday afternoon, she didn't believe the district was taking responsibility. 
  
 "They're just making it sound like an assignment that shouldn't have gone out, but they're not really talking about how the teacher berated and bullied the children in class," said Chantel Wooley. 
  
 "The Principal talked with at least eight students in class of 22, those assertions were not corroborated by the other students," said Frailey. 
  
 However, two parents joined Chantel Wooley on an online radio station Wednesday afternoon and disputed the district's claim that the assignment was ungraded. 
  
 "What she said the teacher told them in her class period is also what she told them in my son's class period," said a woman named Deanna, who told Resurrect the Republic Truth Radio that her son received the same assignment. "They were always under the assumption that this was for a grade and they were told if they put anything besides myth on that question that it would be wrong." 
  
 The district also disputed claims by the parents that the same assignment was used in a different class the next day. 
  
 As for the teacher, Frailey would only say that she's at home Wednesday on her own choosing and that the situation has been "addressed appropriately by the principal." Frailey added the assignment was designed by another teacher and handed down. 
  
 However, Chantel Wooley says she's still trying to move her daughter out of that teacher's class 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://on.khou.com/1MjOIv7 ||||| Katy ISD Superintendent Alton Frailey and others addressed the media Wednesday afternoon for the first time regarding the claims of a local junior high student who says her teacher forced students to deny God. 
  
 The firestorm began when West Memorial Junior High 7th-grader Jordan Wooley went before the school board Monday night and said that she believes lesson content involved in her reading class on Monday was inappropriate and overstepped its bounds. 
  
 She said students were told to identify several statements as fact, opinion or a common assertion in the assignment, and one read ‘There is a God.’ 
  
 “We were asked to take a poll to say whether God is a fact, opinion or myth, and she (the teacher) said anyone who said it was fact or opinion was wrong and that God is only a myth,” Wooley told the board. 
  
 Katy ISD said the assignment was meant to test critical thinking skills and not slight anyone’s religious beliefs, but has acknowledged that the statement was inappropriate and “unnecessary in achieving the instructional standard.” 
  
 According to Wooley, she named the existence of God as both a fact and opinion, but her teacher insisted it was simply a common assertion or myth. When other students argued, it allegedly resulted in a classroom argument which ended with a student slamming everything off their desk in aggravation. 
  
 Wooley told the school board she countered and attempted to prove her point by citing the Bible and accounts of people who went to heaven and returned to tell their stories, but her teacher allegedly stated that those were not facts and that those people were simply trying to get attention. 
  
 “She started telling kids that they were completely wrong and when kids would argue, she had told them they would get in trouble,” she said. 
  
 “I felt like this was really wrong,” she added. “I didn’t feel like it was fair for my faith or my religion to have anything to do with what I am learning about in school.” 
  
 Wooley also alleged that one of her friends also answered the question as being a fact, but says the teacher crossed it out several times when the student turned it in saying the answer was wrong. 
  
 However, despite several parents supporting Wooley’s assertions, district officials said at Wednesday’s press conference that Wooley’s statements were not backed up by other students accounts. 
  
 “The principal talked with at least eight other students in the class of 22 and the teacher as well. In the investigation those assertions were not corroborated by other students. Was the activity graded? No. Was it 40 percent of their grade? Absolutely not. Were the students told they had to deny God? Nobody corroborated that,” Frailey said 
  
 “She believes what she believes, but other students did not share the same beliefs,” he added. 
  
 KISD also disputed the claim that the “highly inappropriate” activity was used even the day after the alleged incident. The district says it is no longer in use by the teacher or campus, and appropriate personnel action has been taken. 
  
 The teacher in question, who the district previously said is “distraught by this incident,” is currently at home by her own volition. 
  
 Frailey praised Wooley’s courage to take a stand when she truly felt her faith was being challenged. 
  
 “I applaud Jordan’s courage, and as a parent of three I understand the desire to keep our children safe and not have their beliefs questioned,” Frailey said. “If I had any reason to believe in any evidence to support it, that the teacher did do what has been alleged, I will stand with Jordan as well.” 
  
 According to the district, the assignment was borrowed from another teacher. Frailey says it is unclear at this time which instructor created the activity. 
  
 Video of Jordan’s testimony and the district’s press conference can be found at katyisd.org. ||||| Katy student contends school activity called faith into question School superintendent praises student's courage, disputes claim 
  
 The seventh grader's head barely reached above the podium Monday night as she told Katy ISD board members about a classroom exercise that she felt wrongly called her religious faith into doubt. 
  
 Two days later, during a Wednesday afternoon news conference held in the same meeting room, Superintendent Alton Frailey praised the student's courage but said a school investigation could not corroborate aspects of her description. 
  
 By that time, news of Jordan Wooley's four-minute, video-recorded testimony from the meeting had spread like wildfire across Facebook and other social media platforms. 
  
 "Today I was given an assignment in school that questioned my faith and told me that God was not real," she begins in the remarks. 
  
 On Monday afternoon, in a classroom at West Memorial Junior High School, a teacher had presented Jordan and her classmates with a task: to decide whether certain statements were fact, opinion or commonplace assertions, a category Wooley described as "myth." 
  
 "The fastest land dwelling creature is the Cheetah," read the first prompt on the worksheet used for the exercise, according to a screenshot provided by the district. 
  
 "There is a God," read the second. 
  
 As a Christian, Jordan found the second statement to be fact. But the teacher, also a Christian, said those who thought God's existence was fact or opinion were wrong, as Jordan recounted it. 
  
 "When I tried to argue, she told me to prove it," Jordan said, explaining that her attempt to cite the Bible was discounted. 
  
 Jordan described the effects of the exercise on her classmates. A friend who went home and began to cry. Another friend who was so aggravated she "wound up slamming everything off of her desk," Jordan said. 
  
 A third of her peers, who asked the teacher if the students could include what they believe on the assignment, and was told, "You can if you want to get the problem wrong... You'll fail the paper if you do," Jordan said. 
  
 The school's investigation, however, found that students were neither forced to deny God nor threatened with a lower or a failing grade if they did not, Frailey said Wednesday. He maintained that the assignment was neither graded nor used by any other teachers. 
  
 The investigation included interviews with 11 students, including Jordan, according to a news release late Wednesday. Another finding listed in the news release said "the activity did not result in any arguments in the classroom." 
  
 Frailey declined to discuss any action that may have been taken against the teacher, but said she was at home of her own volition. This is the teacher's first year in the school district, he said. 
  
 Frailey said he would continue to place confidence in the district's teachers regarding the materials used in their classrooms but said the statement regarding God's reality should not have been included on the worksheet. 
  
 "No student in Katy ISD will have their faith denounced," he said. 
  
 The classroom exercise was "designed to encourage critical thinking skills and dialogue," according to a statement from the district, not to "question or challenge any student's religious beliefs." 
  
 "The teacher is distraught by this incident, as some commentary has gone as far as to vilify her without knowing her, her Christian faith, or the context of the classroom activity," continued the statement, which did not identify the instructor. "Still, this does not excuse the fact that this ungraded activity was ill-conceived and because of that, its intent had been misconstrued." 
  
 Jordan had reported the incident to her mother, who contacted the school and on the same day brought her daughter to testify to the board. 
  
 "I didn't feel like it was fair for my faith and my religion to have anything to do with what I'm learning about in school," Jordan told the school board. 
  
 News reports emerged nationwide, and tweets abounded, including one from Gov. Greg Abbott's personal Twitter handle: "I'm proud of this 7th grader's unyielding commitment to God. She's Texas tough." 
  
 Frailey lamented the firestorm. 
  
 "It's unfortunate because there's been a lot of piling on since the time this happened," he said. "And you have a teacher under that pile ... a seventh-grade student under that pile, and a parent, a principal and school." 
  
 Dylan Baddour contributed to this report |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?