News article:

Even an adorable Yeti was no match for the comedic team of Tiffany Haddish and Kevin Hart. 
  
 Universal’s comedy “Night School” topped the domestic box office with $28 million from 3,010 locations. Fellow newcomer “ ,” Warner Bros.’ animated family film, came in close behind with $23 million when it launched in 4,100 venues. The two movies both launched on par with initial projections from industry analysts, helping drive the second-best September of all time in North America, according to comScore. The biggest September still belongs to 2017, bolstered by the massive showing of Warner Bros.’ “It.” 
  
 “Night School,” which cost $29 million to produce, marks the biggest debut of the year for a broad comedy. The PG-13 film reunites Haddish with “Girls Trip” director Malcolm D. Lee and producer Will Packer. “Night School,” however, didn’t garner the same critical praise as “Girls Trip.” It generated a low 31% average on Rotten Tomatoes, whereas “Girls Trip” boasts a 90% certified fresh rating. 
  
 With “Night School,” Universal now holds the three biggest original comedic openings of the past two years, along with “Blockers” and “Girls Trip.” The studio’s head of domestic distribution, Jim Orr, attributes the success to the team both in front of and behind the camera. 
  
 Related ‘First Man’ Tops Studios’ TV Ad Spending Kevin Hart on 'Night School,' the 'Jumanji' Sequel and Why He Wants to Direct 
  
 “We’re in business with the right people,” Orr said. “I couldn’t begin to give enough love to Kevin Hart, Tiffany Haddish, Malcolm Lee, and Will Packer.” 
  
 “Night School” looks to be another win for Haddish, who continues to prove her big screen bankability. That’s good news for studios since the comedian has a slew of titles hitting multiplexes in the coming months. The comedic dynamo has “The Oath” with Ike Barinholtz, Tyler Perry’s “Nobody’s Fool,” and a voice role in Warner Bros.’ “The Lego Movie 2” on the horizon. 
  
 “ ,” which features the ensemble voice cast of Channing Tatum, James Corden, Common, LeBron James, and Zendaya, is another movie aimed at younger audiences to resonate in recent weeks. Karey Kirkpatrick, known for his work on “James and the Giant Peach,” “Charlotte’s Web,” and “Over the Hedge,” co-wrote and directed the animated pic, which carries an $80 million budget. 
  
 Jack Black and Cate Blanchett’s kid-friendly fantasy film “The House With a Clock in Its Walls” notched third place. It picked up another $12.5 million in its second outing, bringing its North American tally to $44.7 million. Lionsgate’s “A Simple Favor,” starring Anna Kendrick and Blake Lively, scared up $6.5 million in its third frame to nab the No. 4 slot. The neo-noir drama has earned $42.9 million to date. 
  
 Rounding out the top five is Warner Bros.’ “The Nun,” which summoned another $5.4 million for a domestic total of $109 million. “The Nun” is officially the highest-grossing installment in the “Conjuring” franchise. 
  
 “There’s just an angle of it that really delivers to horror fans,” Warner Bros.’ head of domestic distribution Jeff Goldstein said. “In the ‘Conjuring’ universe, there’s so much street cred among the fanbase.” 
  
 The weekend’s other wide release is Lionsgate and CBS Films’ “Hell Fest.” The low-budget horror movie launched with $5 million from 2,297 theaters. “Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension” director Gregory Plotkin, who also worked on “Happy Death Day,” handled filmmaking duties. 
  
 A slew of indie titles opened at the speciality box office. National Geographic’s “Free Solo,” a documentary about the first free solo rock climb of Yosemite’s El Capitan, earned the best screen average of the year. It launched with $300,804 in four theaters, translating to $75,201 per location. 
  
 Fox Searchlight’s “The Old Man and the Gun” pocketed $150,000 when it opened in five theaters. Robert Redford stars alongside Casey Affleck in the larcenous comedy based on a New Yorker article about an octogenarian bank robber. 
  
 Meanwhile Neon’s “Monsters and Men,” with John David Washington and “Hamilton” alum Anthony Ramos, bowed with $130,979 when it played on 18 screens. ||||| New animated pic 'Smallfoot' opens to a solid $23 million, while National Geographic's doc 'Free Solo' soars to record-breaking numbers at the specialty box office ahead of Robert Redford's 'Old Man & the Gun.' 
  
 Kevin Hart and Tiffany Haddish's raucous comedy Night School laughed its way to the top of the box-office chart, beating the overall comedy curse in opening to $28 million from 3,010 theaters. 
  
 The film reunites director Malcolm D. Lee, producer Will Packer and Universal, the winning trio behind the 2017 box-office hit Girls Trip, which debuted to $31 million in summer 2017. Thanks to an ethnically diverse audience, Night School scored the best debut for a broad comedy since Girls Trip. Another exception to the comedy slump is Crazy Rich Asians, Jon M. Chu's rom-com that opened to $26.5 million in August on its way to earning nearly $220 million globally. 
  
 Heading into the weekend, some tracking services suggested Night School — cementing Haddish's star status after her breakout role in Girls Trip — could clear $31 million in its domestic launch. One hitch may have been generally weak reviews; Night School bears a 31 percent Rotten Tomatoes score, compared to 90 percent for Girls Trip. 
  
 Lee's latest comedy, which earned a far better A- CinemaScore from audiences, follows a group of misfits who are forced to attend night school in order to pass their GED exams (Haddish plays their teacher). Rob Riggle, Taran Killam, Romany Malco and Keith David round out the cast. In addition to starring, Hart is among the producers. 
  
 Caucasians made up 37 percent of ticket buyers, followed by African-Americans (30 percent), Hispanics (24 percent), Asian (5 percent) and other (4 percent), according to Universal. 
  
 Overseas, Night School launched to $5.5 million from its first 19 markets for $33.5 million globally. 
  
 “Working with some of the funniest comedic talent in the business today with Kevin and Tiffany, pairing them with two filmmakers at the top of their game in Malcolm and Will, and you have a movie that checks all of the boxes for which audiences clearly turned out," says Universal domestic distribution chief Jim Orr. 
  
 Thanks to solid family turnout, Warner Bros.' new animated offering Smallfoot opened in second place with $23 million from 4,131 theaters. The movie, whose voice cast includes Channing Tatum and LeBron James, likewise earned an A- CinemaScore. Nearly half the audience was under the age of 25. 
  
 Co-written and directed by Karey Kirkpatrick, Smallfoot follows a group of Yeti who encounter a human (neither can believe the other is real). James Corden, Zendaya, Common, Gina Rodriguez, Danny DeVito and Yara Shahidi also lend their voices. Internationally, Smallfoot took in $14 million from 49 markets for a total bow of $37 million. 
  
 Smallfoot no doubt took a bite out of Amblin and Universal's family offering, The House With a Clock in Its Walls, which declined 53 percent in its sophomore outing to $12.5 million. Still, House is no slouch, finishing Sunday with a domestic total of $44.8 million and $65.8 million worldwide. 
  
 In its third weekend, Paul Feig and Lionsgate's sleeper hit A Simple Favor, starring Anna Kendrick and Blake Lively, followed at No. 4 domestically with $6.6 million. The black comedy's North American tally stands at $43.1 million through Sunday, and $62.9 million globally. 
  
 New Line's horror pic The Nun remained a force to be reckoned in its fourth weekend, rounding out the top five with $5.4 million for a domestic cume of $109 million. The pic also topped a quiet weekend overseas with $16.2 million from 80 markets for a foreign sum of $221 million and $330 million worldwide, the best showing of any film in the Conjuring universe. 
  
 CBS Films and Gregory Plotkin's modestly budgeted slasher film Hell Fest, distributed by Lionsgate, opened in sixth place with $5.1 million from 2,297 theaters, on par with expectations. The pic stars Amy Forsyth, Bex Taylor-Klaus, Reign Edwards and Tony Todd and centers on a group of teens who are pursued by a killer at a horror-themed amusement park on Halloween. Audiences gave the film a C CinemaScore, not unusual for the genre. 
  
 The fourth new movie opening nationwide, albeit in far fewer locations, was Little Women, the seventh big-screen adaptation of the iconic novel about the March sisters. The indie pic, from distributor Pinnacle Peak and playing in 643 cinemas, tanked with roughly $747,000. Sarah Davenport, Allie Jennings, Lucas Grabeel, Ian Bohen and Lea Thompson star. 
  
 With awards season getting underway, a flurry of films opened at the specialty box office, including National Geographic's critically acclaimed documentary Free Solo, which scored the best screen average of the year to date, $75,201. If estimates hold, it will boast the best opening average ever for a documentary, topping 2006's An Inconvenient Truth ($70,333). 
  
 Free Solo, launching in four theaters and fueled by a 100 percent Rotten Tomatoes score, follows professional climber Alex Honnold's quest to free-climb Yosemite's El Capitan and is the latest title to participate in the doc boom at the box office. 
  
 "In a year when audiences are recognizing the power of seeing docs on the big screen, it's so gratifying to see Free Solo embraced as the thrilling theatrical experience it is," says National Geographic Global Networks CEO Courtney Monroe. 
  
 One exception to the doc upswing is Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 11/9, which bowed nationwide last weekend to just $3 million. In its second weekend, Fahrenheit 11/9 tumbled 63 percent to $1.1 million from 1,719 theaters for a domestic total of $5.2 million. Moore's latest film is one of the few docs to ever open wide, a risky move that isn't paying off. 
  
 Opting to launch nationwide was even more problematic for Dan Fogleman's Life Itself, which plummeted more than 65 percent in its second outing to $770,085 for a 10-day domestic total of $3.8 million, and Assassination Nation, which declined more than 80 percent in its second weekend to $202,827 for a total of $1.7 million. The two films, along with Fahrenheit 11/9, all made stops on the recent fall festival circuit. 
  
 Elsewhere at the specialty box office, Fox Searchlight's The Old Man & the Gun, the last film Robert Redford says he will star in, posted a respectable screen average of $30,000 as it debuted in five locations. The crime drama, directed by David Lowery and co-starring Sissy Spacek and Casey Affleck, tells the gritty tale of compulsive real-life bank robber Forrest Tucker, who escaped from prison 16 times over the course of a long career that ended when he was in his late 70s. Danny Glover, Tika Sumpter, Isiah Whitlock Jr., John David Washington, Tom Waits and Elisabeth Moss co-star. 
  
 "We opened in a group of theaters that are supported by different demos, so it is very encouraging to see audiences in both the Landmark in West L.A. as well as the Regal Union Square [in Manhattan] coming to see the film," says Searchlight's Frank Rodriguez. 
  
 Washington pulled double duty this weekend, between Old Man & the Gun and Neon's Monsters and Men, helmed by first-time feature director Reinaldo Marcus Green. The police shooting drama, launching in 18 locations, posted a screen average of $7,277. (MoviePass recently announced it has taken a financial stake in the film.) 
  
 Sept. 30, 7:40 a.m. Updated with weekend estimates. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?