Write a summary based on this article:

Four people, including three hostages and a gunman, were found dead inside of a Napa County veterans home Friday night after an 8-hour standoff, officials said. 
  
 Law enforcement entered a room in the Veterans Home of California in Yountville in the evening and found the bodies of three women and the gunman. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 The three women worked with the nonprofit organization Pathway Home treatment program, which is housed on the Veterans Home campus, near Highway 29. The victims were identified as Executive Director Christine Loeber, 48; Clinical Director Dr. Jen Golick, 42; and Clinical Psychologist Dr. Jennifer Gonzales, 29, by the Napa County Sheriff-Coroner’s Office. 
  
 Courtesy photos Christine Loeber (left) and Dr. Jennifer Gonzales (right) 
  
 "These Brave Women were accomplished professionals who dedicated their careers to serving our nation’s veterans," Pathway Home said in a statement. "All of us at The Pathway Home are devastated by today’s events. We stand with the families, friends, and colleagues who share in this terrible loss." 
  
 “The hearts of the highway patrol family go out to those families that are grieving,” CHP Assistant Chief Chris Childs said. “I think I can speak on behalf of all law enforcement (Friday night), we express our deepest and most sincere condolences to the families.” 
  
 The suspect was identified as 36-year-old Albert Wong of Sacramento, the sheriff's office said. He used to be with the Pathway Home program, and records show he was a former Army infantryman. 
  
 The situation began around 10:20 a.m. when shots were fired during an employee going-away party in the Pathway House building, where combat veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan receive treatment, Childs said. 
  
 Wong fired multiple shots with a rifle in the dining room and took several hostages into one room initially before releasing all but three hostages, Napa County Sheriff John Robertson said. It's unclear of the three hostages were targeted or selected at random. 
  
 An arriving deputy exchanged gunfire with Wong, forcing him back into the facility and into the one room. Childs said that also eliminated his ability to take more hostages. 
  
 The deputy was not injured in the gun battle. 
  
 Law enforcement tactical teams then surrounded the one room where Wong held the hostages during the standoff, Childs said. 
  
 Hostage negotiation teams were called in, and officers tried to contact Wong by calling his personal cellphone as well as phones inside the dorm, Robertson said. However, they were not able to talk to Wong during the standoff. 
  
 Officers also found Wong's car, which was a rental, parked near the building. Bomb-sniffing dogs and the CHP's explosives unit responded to the scene to check out the car and deemed it safe. Law enforcement then discovered Wong's cellphone inside the car. 
  
 Around 6 p.m., officers found the bodies of the gunman and hostages. 
  
 The investigation is ongoing, officials said. 
  
 “This is still an active crime scene, as you can imagine,” Childs said. “There's a lot of work to be done.” 
  
 Robertson said law enforcement would be at the scene for hours, if not days. 
  
 Officials will be repopulating the veterans home Friday night. The California Veterans Affairs Department said this is the largest home for veterans in the United States, with about 1,000 residents. 
  
 There is no threat to public safety at this time, Childs said. 
  
 WITNESS DESCRIBES WHAT HAPPENED 
  
 A man said a gunman quietly came into the party and staff meeting at the Northern California veterans home and let some leave while keeping others hostage. 
  
 Larry Kamer said his wife, Devereaux Smith, is a fundraiser for the nonprofit Pathway Home. She was at the party Friday morning of 10 to 15 people in the program's building. 
  
 He said his wife was inside the home's dining hall and was not allowed to leave during the standoff. He spoke to her by phone. 
  
 Kamer said he does not know why the shooter let his wife and some colleagues leave but kept the three hostages. 
  
 RESIDENT DESCRIBES LOCKDOWN AT HOME 
  
 Police evacuated the property and closed off nearby roads during the standoff. An armored police vehicle, ambulances and several fire trucks were at the facility. 
  
 Army veteran and resident Bob Sloan, 73, was working at the home's TV station when a co-worker came in and said he had just heard four gunshots coming from the Pathway House. 
  
 Sloan sent alerts for residents to stay put. He said he sent out a red banner on in-house TV that read, "Emergency notice. This is an active situation, ongoing." 
  
 The retired police officer said residents were worried about the length of the standoff. 
  
 "People are starting to get concerned because it's been going on for so long," he said. 
  
 Except for helicopters buzzing overhead, the home was eerily quiet, Sloan said. He described seeing police with "long-barrel assault-type weapons" crouching around the building, some taking cover behind trees during the standoff. 
  
 --- 
  
 The Associated Press contributed to this story. 
  
 AlertMe ||||| People walk to the information center at the Veterans Home of California in Yountville, Calif., on Friday March 9, 2018. A gunman took at least three people hostage at the largest veterans home in the... (Associated Press) 
  
 People walk to the information center at the Veterans Home of California in Yountville, Calif., on Friday March 9, 2018. A gunman took at least three people hostage at the largest veterans home in the United States on Friday, leading to a lockdown of the sprawling grounds in California, authorities... (Associated Press) 
  
 YOUNTVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on an armed man at a veterans home in Northern California (all times local): 
  
 2:35 p.m. 
  
 California authorities say some students rehearsing a play on the grounds of the largest veterans home in the U.S. had been locked down when a gunman took hostages. 
  
 But Napa County Sheriff John Robertson told reporters that about 80 students were near the area where the hostages were taken but were never in danger. 
  
 Teenagers from Justin-Siena High School who had been rehearsing in the theater drove themselves out in a line of cars Friday afternoon. 
  
 Sasha Craig spotted a family car carrying her 15- and 17-year-old children. She ran toward it, blowing kisses. She says teens had been texting their parents to "chill." 
  
 ___ 
  
 2:30 p.m. 
  
 California authorities say they've been trying to contact the gunman holding three veterans program employees hostage at the largest veterans home in the U.S. 
  
 Napa County Sheriff John Robertson told reporters that authorities have been trying to reach him on his cellphone and other nearby phones since Friday morning. He says officials know who the gunman is but weren't releasing his name and didn't know what his motive was. 
  
 Robertson says the gunman released some hostages and kept the three. 
  
 California Highway Patrol Assistant Chief Chris Childs says those still being held are employees of The Pathway Home, a privately run program on the veterans home's grounds. The program treats veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars with post-traumatic stress disorder. 
  
 Childs says the gun is a rifle, but he's not sure of the type. 
  
 ___ 
  
 2:20 p.m. 
  
 California authorities say officers exchanged gunfire with a gunman holding three veterans program employees hostage at the largest veterans home in the U.S. 
  
 Napa County Sheriff John Robertson told reporters Friday that "many bullets" were fired but that the deputies weren't injured. He says he doesn't know the status of the hostages or the gunman's motive. 
  
 California Highway Patrol Assistant Chief Chris Childs says they haven't made contact with the gunman who's confined to one room but that hostage negotiators are standing by. 
  
 He says the hostages are employees of The Pathway Home, a privately run program on the veterans home's grounds. The program treats veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars with post-traumatic stress disorder. 
  
 ___ 
  
 1:30 p.m. 
  
 Jan Thornton of Vallejo is among hundreds of relatives worried about their loved ones at a Northern California veterans home that was locked down after reports of an active shooter. 
  
 Thornton says her 96-year-old father — a WWII fighter pilot — is inside a hospital wing at the home in Yountville, north of San Francisco. 
  
 Thornton says she's still shaking and that she hasn't been able to talk to her father. But, she says she was able to talk to one of his friends, who is also locked down, and that he told her that her father is safe. 
  
 She says her "heart just bleeds for the people that are being held hostage." 
  
 Though she thinks her dad is safe, she is still worried about the stress of the situation, considering his age and that he has post-traumatic stress disorder and some dementia. 
  
 ___ 
  
 1:00 p.m. 
  
 A man says a gunman quietly came into a going-away party and staff meeting at a Northern California veterans home and let some leave, while keeping others hostage. 
  
 Larry Kamer says his wife, Devereaux Smith, is a fundraiser for the nonprofit Pathway Home. 
  
 She was at the party Friday morning of 10 to 15 people at the Yountville veterans home. Pathway Home's program treats veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars with post-traumatic stress disorder. 
  
 Kamer says his wife is now inside the home's dining hall and is not allowed to leave. He spoke to her by phone. 
  
 He does not know if the shooter was a veteran receiving treatment from the home. 
  
 Napa County Fire captain Chase Beckman said earlier that the gunman took at least three people hostage. 
  
 Kamer said he does not know why the shooter let his wife and some colleagues leave. 
  
 ___ 
  
 12:00 p.m. 
  
 A fire official says no injured people have been treated at a California veterans home where at least three people have been taken hostage. 
  
 Napa County Fire Capt. Chase Beckman says dispatch received a call Friday morning about an armed man on the grounds. 
  
 An armored police vehicle, ambulances and several firetrucks could be seen at the scene. 
  
 California Highway Patrol Officer John Fransen confirms that there is an active shooter at the Veterans Home in Yountville, north of San Francisco. 
  
 He tells KTVU-TV the property of the large veterans home was evacuated after a man with a gun was reported on the grounds. He says officers are working to establish a secure perimeter around the facility and make sure others are safe. 
  
 The Yountville facility is the largest veterans' home in the United States, with about 1,000 residents. 
  
 Yountville is in Napa Valley, the heart of Northern California's wine country. 
  
 ___ 
  
 11:36 a.m. 
  
 Napa County Fire captain Chase Beckman says a gunman has taken hostages at a veterans home in California. 
  
 Police closed access to the large veterans home in Yountville after a man with a gun was reported on the grounds. 
  
 The Napa County Sheriff's Department issued an alert to residents at 10:30 a.m. Friday warning them to avoid the area because of "activity at the Veterans Home in Yountville." 
  
 The Napa Valley Register reported that a man wearing body armor and armed with an automatic weapon entered the home. 
  
 The sheriff's department did not immediately respond to a telephone call from The Associated Press. 
  
 The state Veterans Affairs department says it is the largest veterans' home in the United States, with about 1,000 residents. |||||

Summary: