Information:  - Piranha 3D is a 2010 American 3D horror comedy film that serves as a loose remake of the 1978 horror film "Piranha". It was directed by Alexandre Aja and has an ensemble cast featuring Elisabeth Shue, Adam Scott, Jerry O'Connell, Ving Rhames, Steven R. McQueen, Jessica Szohr, Christopher Lloyd, Richard Dreyfuss, Dina Meyer, Kelly Brook, Riley Steele, and Eli Roth.  - Alyssa Jayne Milano (born December 19, 1972) is an American actress, producer and former singer. She is best known for her roles in "Who's the Boss?", "Melrose Place", "Charmed" and "Mistresses".  - Comedy horror is a literary and film genre that combines elements of comedy and horror fiction. Comedy horror has been described as able to be categorized under three types: "black comedy, parody and spoof." The genre almost inevitably crosses over with the black comedy genre. Comedy horror will often use satire on horror cliches as its main source of humour or take a story in a different perspective, such as "The Cabin in the Woods" and "Tucker & Dale vs. Evil".  - Charmed is an American television series created by Constance M. Burge and produced by Aaron Spelling and his production company Spelling Television, with Brad Kern serving as showrunner. The series was originally broadcast by The WB for eight seasons from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006. The series narrative follows a trio of sisters, known as The Charmed Ones, the most powerful good witches of all time, who use their combined "Power of Three" to protect innocent lives from evil beings such as demons and warlocks. Each sister possesses unique magical powers that grow and evolve, while they attempt to maintain normal lives in modern-day San Francisco. Keeping their supernatural identities separate and secret from their ordinary lives often becomes a challenge for them, with the exposure of magic having far-reaching consequences on their various relationships and resulting in a number of police and FBI investigations throughout the series. The series initially focuses on the three Halliwell sisters, Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe (Alyssa Milano). However, following Prue's death in the third-season finale, their long-lost half sister Paige Matthews (Rose McGowan) assumes her place within the "Power of Three" from season four onwards.  - National Lampoon's Van Wilder (released internationally as Van Wilder: Party Liaison) is a 2002 romantic comedy film directed by Walt Becker and written by Brent Goldberg and David T. Wagner. This movie was inspired by the real life experiences of Bert Kreischer while he attended Florida State University.  - Hannibal King is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He first appeared as a supporting character in the 1970s comic book "The Tomb of Dracula". The character is usually depicted as a supernatural detective.  - Quinn R. Mallory is a fictional character on the science fiction television show "Sliders", played by Jerry O'Connell.  - Kangaroo Jack is a 2003 American-Australian buddy-action comedy film from Warner Bros., written by Steve Bing, Barry O' Brien and Scott Rosenberg, directed by David McNally, produced by Jerry Bruckheimer with music by Trevor Rabin and starring Jerry O'Connell, Anthony Anderson, Christopher Walken, Estella Warren, and Adam Garcia. "Kangaroo Jack" was theatrically released on January 17, 2003 by Warner Bros.  - Crossing Jordan is an American television crime/drama series that aired on NBC from September 24, 2001, to May 16, 2007. It stars Jill Hennessy as Jordan Cavanaugh, M.D., a crime-solving forensic pathologist employed in the Massachusetts Office of the Chief Medical Examiner. The show used an ensemble cast approach that featured a group of Jordan's co-workers and police detectives assigned to the various cases. Its roster of central characters was created by Tim Kring, who also developed its core format. The title refers to both the name of the main character, who is commonly shown as "crossing" othersespecially authority figuresto learn what she wants to know, and the biblical metaphor of the ancient Hebrews crossing the Jordan River, commonly used in spiritual songs to represent death and passage to the afterlife.  - Comedy is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on humor. These films are designed to make the audience laugh through amusement and most often work by exaggerating characteristics for humorous effect. Films in this style traditionally have a happy ending (black comedy being an exception). One of the oldest genres in film, some of the very first silent movies were comedies, as slapstick comedy often relies on visual depictions, without requiring sound. When sound films became more prevalent during the 1920s, comedy films took another swing, as laughter could result from burlesque situations but also dialogue.  - Golden Globe Awards are accolades bestowed by the 93 members of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, recognizing excellence in film and television, both domestic and foreign.  - Who's the Boss? is an American sitcom created by Martin Cohan and Blake Hunter, which aired on ABC from September 20, 1984 to April 25, 1992. Produced by Embassy Television (later Embassy Communications and ELP Communications), in association with Hunter-Cohan Productions and Columbia Pictures Television, the series starred Tony Danza as a retired major league baseball player who relocates to Fairfield, Connecticut to work as a live-in housekeeper for a divorced advertising executive, played by Judith Light. Also featured were Alyssa Milano, Danny Pintauro and Katherine Helmond.  - Marvel Comics is the common name and primary imprint of Marvel Worldwide Inc., formerly Marvel Publishing, Inc. and Marvel Comics Group, an American publisher of comic books and related media. In 2009, The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Entertainment, Marvel Worldwide's parent company.  - Ryan Rodney Reynolds (born October 23, 1976) is a Canadian actor and producer. He portrayed Michael Bergen on the ABC sitcom "Two Guys and a Girl" (19982001), Billy Simpson in the YTV Canadian teen soap opera "Hillside" (1991), as well as Marvel Comics characters Hannibal King in "" (2004), Wade Wilson / Weapon XI in "" (2009), and the title character in "Deadpool" (2016) for which he received a Golden Globe Award nomination.  - Wild Hogs is a 2007 American biker comedy road film directed by Walt Becker and starring Tim Allen, John Travolta, Martin Lawrence and William H. Macy. It was released nationwide in the United States and Canada on March 2, 2007.  - Sliders is an American science fiction and fantasy television series created by Robert K. Weiss and Tracy Tormé. It was broadcast for five seasons between 1995 and 2000. The series follows a group of travelers as they use a wormhole to "slide" between different parallel universes. Tormé, Weiss, Leslie Belzberg, John Landis, David Peckinpah, Bill Dial and Alan Barnette served as executive producers at different times of the production. For its first two seasons it was produced in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was filmed primarily in Los Angeles, California, USA in the last three seasons.  - Scream 2 is a 1997 American slasher film directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson. It stars David Arquette, Neve Campbell, Courteney Cox, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Jamie Kennedy, Laurie Metcalf, Jerry O'Connell, Jada Pinkett and Liev Schreiber.  - Black comedy or dark comedy is a comic style that makes light of subjects that are generally considered serious or taboo. Literary critics have associated black comedy and black humor with authors as early as the ancient Greeks with Aristophanes. Black comedy corresponds to the earlier concept of gallows humor.  - Buying the Cow is a 2002 American comedy film directed by Walt Becker and starring Jerry O'Connell , Ryan Reynolds , Alyssa Milano and Bridgette L. Wilson .  - Two Guys and a Girl (originally titled Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place) is an American sitcom created by Kenny Schwartz and Danny Jacobson. It was originally broadcast on ABC from March 10, 1998, to May 16, 2001. Eighty-one episodes were aired over four seasons.  - Jerry Maguire is a 1996 American romantic comedy-drama sports film written, produced and directed by Cameron Crowe, and stars Tom Cruise, Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Renée Zellweger. Produced in part by long time "Simpsons" producer James L. Brooks, it was inspired by sports agent Leigh Steinberg, who acted as Technical Consultant on the crew. It was released in North American theaters on December 13, 1996, produced by Gracie Films and distributed by TriStar Pictures.  - A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. This optical illusion causes the audience to perceive continuous motion between separate objects viewed rapidly in succession. The process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects.  - Walter William Becker (born September 16, 1968) is an American film director, writer and actor best known for directing the films "Van Wilder", "Wild Hogs" and "Old Dogs."  - Melrose Place is an American primetime soap opera that aired on Fox from July 8, 1992 to May 24, 1999, for seven seasons. The show follows the lives of a group of young adults living in an apartment complex called Melrose Place, in West Hollywood, California. The show was created by Darren Star for Fox and executive produced by Aaron Spelling for his company, Spelling Television. It is the second series in the "Beverly Hills, 90210" franchise. Season one and season two were broadcast on Wednesday at 9pm, after "Beverly Hills, 90210". In 1994, for its third season premiere, the show moved to Monday at 8pm.  - My Secret Identity is a Canadian television series starring Jerry O'Connell and Derek McGrath. Originally broadcast from October 9, 1988 to May 25, 1991 on CTV in Canada, the series also aired in syndication in the United States. The series won the 1989 International Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Programming for Children and Young People.  - Jeremiah "Jerry" O'Connell (born February 17, 1974) is an American actor, known for his roles as Quinn Mallory in the TV series "Sliders", Andrew Clements in "My Secret Identity", Vern Tessio in the film "Stand by Me" (1986), Frank Cushman in "Jerry Maguire" (1996), Derek in "Scream 2" (1997), Charlie Carbone in "Kangaroo Jack" (2003), and Detective Woody Hoyt on the drama "Crossing Jordan". He starred as Pete Kaczmarek in the CBS TV series "The Defenders" until its cancellation in 2011. He also had a starring role in the comedy horror film "Piranha 3D" (2010). In 2016, he guest-starred in the horror-comedy series "Scream Queens".  - CBS (an initialism of the network's former name, the Columbia Broadcasting System) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of CBS Corporation. The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City (at the CBS Broadcast Center) and Los Angeles (at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center).    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'genre' with 'romantic comedy'.
A: