News article:

A review of commercial satellite imagery from 2010 until the present covering North Korea’s submarine bases and building shipyards has revealed the presence of a previously unidentified submarine moored in the secured boat basin at the Sinpo South Shipyard. This shipyard, also known by the cover designation “Pongdae Boiler Plant,” is the primary manufacturing facility for North Korea’s submarines and the headquarters of the Maritime Research Institute of the Academy of the National Defense Science. The institute is responsible for research and development of maritime technology, naval vessels and submarines, and naval related armaments and missiles.[1] 
  
 The newly identified submarine has a length of approximately 67 meters and a beam of 6.6 meters, possesses a rounded bow, a conning tower located amidships, and no visible diving planes.[2] These dimensions suggest a dived displacement in the 900-1,500 ton range. Visible in the image are mooring lines, people moving about and equipment stored on the pier adjacent to the submarine. The long object on the pier forward of the conning tower is likely a line of closely packed shipping crates or equipment and not a missile tube, as the overall measurements are approximately 8.4 meters long and .65 meters wide. A blue tarp is covering the stern portion of the top of the sail. No torpedo or missile tubes are readily discernable on the bow or deck of the submarine in any of the available imagery. 
  
 Figure 1. A July 24, 2014 image of the Sinpo South Shipyard (Pongdae Boiler Plant) on North Korea’s east coast shows the newly identified submarine berthed within the facility’s secure boat basin. 
  
 The origins of this submarine are unclear. While the boat bears a superficial resemblance to the Russian KILO or LADA class patrol submarines—it lacks the teardrop hull-shape of the former and the conning tower mounted diving planes of the later.[3] Additional research shows, however, a close resemblance in size and shape to the former Yugoslavian SAVA and HEROJ class submarines.[4] A Yugoslavian origin for the design would not be unusual since the North Koreans acquired a number of submarine designs from that nation during the 1970s and used them as the basis for several experimental designs as well as the yugo class of midget submarines. 
  
 Submarine Characteristics[5] SAVA 
  
 Class HEROJ 
  
 Class SANG-O 
  
 Class SINPO 
  
 Class † Length, meters 65.8 64 34 67 Beam, meters 7 7.2 3.8 6.6 Displacement, tons 964 1,068 330 900-1,500 Speed, knotsSurfacedDived 16 10 1610 84 16 10 Crew 35 55 21-26 30-50 
  
 † Estimated. 
  
 Figure 2. A provisional drawing of the Sinpo Class SS. 
  
 Figure 3. A close-up view of the newly identified Sinpo 67-meter class submarine, July 24, 2014. 
  
 Figure 4. An August 16, 2014 image of the newly identified submarine showing that it has moved during the previous month. 
  
 It is interesting to note that in October 1996 Yi Kwang Su, the captured helmsman from the sang-o class submarine that grounded itself at Kangnung, South Korea, that September stated, “a 1,000 ton submarine is now under construction at Pongdae Boiler Plant in Sinpo on the east coast.”[6] While it is unlikely the boat described by Yi would be the submarine identified at Sinpo, the correlation of locations and displacements is intriguing. 
  
 It is too early to identify the missions intended for this new class of submarine or the position it could occupy in the Korean People’s Navy’s future submarine forces. If the design is successful and enters production as a patrol submarine (SS), the new boat will have greater range, patrol time and weapons capability than the existing KPN fleet of SANG-O and SANG-O II class coastal submarines. It could also potentially replace the existing inventory of Type 033 ROMEO patrol submarines. It is unclear at this point whether the new submarine, if deployed in sufficient numbers, would represent a possible shift in KPN strategy from coastal defense towards a more offensive anti-ship operations. However, it is possible that this boat is simply a one-off experimental submarine (SSA) intended to validate certain design parameters and equipment, as the KPN has done this on occasion in the past. It, however, does not presently appear to be designed as a test bed for a submarine launched ballistic missile. 
  
 Joseph S. Bermudez Jr. is Chief Analytics Officer of AllSource Analysis, Inc. 
  
 —————————- 
  
 [1] Bermudez Jr., Joseph S. Shield of the Great Leader: The Armed Forces of North Korea. London: I.B. Taurus, 2001, pp. 45-55. 
  
 [2] All measurements are approximate and are based upon interpretation of satellite imagery. 
  
 [3] Saunders, Commodore Stephen. Jane’s Fighting Ships, 2011-2012, London: IHS Global Limited, 2011, p. 663-664. 
  
 [4] Moore, Captain John. Jane’s Fighting Ships, 1980-1981, London: Jane’s, 1980, p. 719. 
  
 [5] Ibid.; and Bermudez Jr., Joseph S. North Korean Special Forces—Second Edition, Annapolis: U.S. Naval Institute Press, November 1997, pp. 161-167. 
  
 [6] “Infiltrator, Defector News Conference,” Yonhap, October 29, 1996. ||||| Looks like North Korea's engineers have been hard at work brushing up on their obsolete Soviet-era technology. Because after acquiring 10 discontinued Soviet subs, everyone's favorite little warmongering-dictatorship-that-could has finally rendered the outdated ballistic vessels seaworthy—and it only took them 21 years. 
  
 According to Yonhap, a South Korean news agency, the submarines were actually first built in 1958, when the Soviet Union began developing Golf-class diesel-electric subs under the name Project 629. Overall, each individual sub was made to carry three liquid-propellant ballistic missiles, one nuclear warhead, and six torpedo tubes. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 The subs were actually decommissioned in 1990, a year before the Soviet Union first fell; then in 1993, about ten were allegedly sold to North Korea. Of course, even 20 years later, the hermit country still has a bit of a ways to go. According to Yonhap: 
  
 In a move to mount a missile tube on the new vessel, the communist country has carried out dozens of tests both on the ground and at sea, another source said. "According to the analysis of satellite imagery revealed by 38 North, a ground test facility for the SLBM launch has been up and running at the Sinpo shipyard," he said, adding a dozen more tests would be required to perfect the technology. "It would take one or two years before the North completes the test for the vertical launch of missiles from the sea," said a military source in Seoul, expressing security concerns as Pyongyang has also been working on miniaturizing nuclear warheads for its missiles. 
  
 Not to mention the fact that equipping a submarine with ballistic missiles would require Kim Jong-Un to trust the vessel's captain to make deployment calls, requiring the sort of autonomy practically unheard in North Korean affairs. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 So while the addition of submarine-launched ballistics missile would certainly give North Korea some disconcerting leverage in nuclear talks, the 50-some-odd-year-old tech still isn't quite there yet. [Yonhap via RT] 
  
 Image via KCNA ||||| North Korea remains years away from being able to launch ballistic missiles from a submarine even as its leader Kim Jong Un seeks to expand the fleet’s range and firepower, weapons analysts said. 
  
 “If the North decides to pursue such a capability, it is likely to take years to design, develop, manufacture, and deploy an operational submarine-launched ballistic missile force,” Joseph S. Bermudez Jr., chief analytical officer at AllSource Analysis, wrote last week on 38 North, a blog run by the U.S.- Korea Institute at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Washington. 
  
 A North Korean submarine with working missile silos would mark a giant stride in Kim’s ability to threaten distant rivals, including the U.S., as his regime claims it can now make warheads small enough to be deployed on missiles. 
  
 The U.S. and South Korea remain vigilant on North Korean submarines among an array of threats the country poses, Kwon Ki Hyun, a spokesman for Seoul’s Defense Ministry, said today by phone. He declined to confirm a Yonhap News report yesterday that the North modified a Soviet-era diesel submarine to build its own vessel that could eventually be capable of firing ballistic missiles. Yonhap cited an unidentified South Korean government official. 
  
 Nuclear Tests 
  
 North Korea, which has conducted three nuclear tests since 2006, has been trying to modify Soviet-era submarines so they can be used to launch SSN6 missiles, South Korean Defense Ministry spokesman Kim Min Seok said in September. He said then that the North hadn’t yet succeeded in making its subs capable of firing missiles. 
  
 “The North Koreans are poor, but not stupid, and they do have some pretty good engineers, especially in weapons areas,” Dean Cheng, who specializes in military capabilities as a research fellow at the Heritage Foundation in Washington, said in an e-mail. “But modifying a submarine is no mean feat, and would take a lot of time and be risky, especially as it would require compromising the hull’s integrity and would likely make a fairly noisy boat even noisier.” 
  
 North Korea has built a test pad in its eastern coastal city of Sinpo that is “probably intended to explore the possibility of launching ballistic missiles from submarines or of a shipboard vertical launch ballistic missile capability,” Bermudez wrote, citing commercial DigitalGlobe images from July. 
  
 Warship Torpedoed 
  
 North Korea has 1.2 million troops and operates about 70 submarines, while the South has 10 of the vessels, according to a 2012 South Korean defense white paper. South Korea accused the North of torpedoing one of its warships in 2010, resulting in the deaths of 46 sailors, a charge the North denies. 
  
 In June, North Korea released photos of Kim boarding a submarine during drills. He has also stepped up efforts to expand his regime’s missile arsenal, personally overseeing the launch of “ultra-precision” guided missiles in June. North Korea is banned from developing ballistic missiles under sanctions imposed by the United Nations for nuclear testing. 
  
 Putting ballistic missiles on submarines may also limit Kim’s ability to control the weapons, Bermudez said. 
  
 “It also assumes that Pyongyang would entrust an operational nuclear-armed missile to the captain of a submarine who would, in time of war, most likely be out of communication with the leadership,” he said. 
  
 Atomic Bombs 
  
 North Korea may have made “considerable” progress in miniaturizing its atomic bombs, South Korean Defense Minister Han Min Koo said today at a parliamentary hearing. Army General Curtis Scaparrotti, the commander of U.S. forces in Korea, said last month that the North may now be able to miniaturize a nuclear weapon to fit on a mobile missile warhead that could hit parts of the U.S. 
  
 While Kim hasn’t yet deployed a ballistic missile that could hit the mainland U.S., “he’s showing us the signs that he’s trying to get there,” Admiral Samuel Locklear, head of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said in a Bloomberg Government interview in September. 
  
 To contact the reporters on this story: Sam Kim in Seoul at skim609@bloomberg.net; David Tweed in Hong Kong at dtweed@bloomberg.net 
  
 To contact the editors responsible for this story: Rosalind Mathieson at rmathieson3@bloomberg.net Andrew Davis, Neil Western |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?