Information:  - David Allan Coe (born September 6, 1939) is an American songwriter, outlaw country music singer, and guitarist who achieved popularity in the 1970s and 1980s. As a singer, his biggest hits were "Mona Lisa Lost Her Smile", "The Ride", "You Never Even Called Me by My Name", "She Used to Love Me a Lot", and "Longhaired Redneck". His best-known compositions are the No. 1 successes "Would You Lay With Me (In a Field of Stone)" (which was also recorded by Tanya Tucker) and "Take This Job and Shove It" (which was later recorded by Johnny Paycheck and inspired a hit movie; both Coe and Paycheck had minor parts in the film).  - "Typical Situation" is the a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band. It was released in 1995 as the third single from their debut album "Under the Table and Dreaming". The single did not chart, but is still frequently played at live shows. It was inspired by Gabor Szabo's Space and "A Prayer in the Pentagon" by Robert Dederick.  - "Ants Marching" is a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band. It was released in September 1995 as the second single from their debut album "Under the Table and Dreaming". It reached #18 on the Alternative chart and on the mainstream rock chart as well. The song was considered a successful, hit single. A different recording of it was included on their prior album, "Remember Two Things". This version was significantly longer, clocking in at 6:08. According to DMBAlmanac.com, the song is possibly one of DMB's best known songs, and Dave Matthews described it as being "our anthem." Dave Mathews wrote the music and lyrics prior to its first performance in 1991.  - The violin is a wooden string instrument in the violin family. It is the smallest and highest-pitched instrument in the family in regular use. Smaller violin-type instruments are known, including the violino piccolo and the kit violin, but these are virtually unused in the 2010s. The violin typically has four strings tuned in perfect fifths, and is most commonly played by drawing a bow across its strings, though it can also be played by plucking the strings with the fingers (pizzicato). Violins are important instruments in a wide variety of musical genres. They are most prominent in the Western classical tradition and in many varieties of folk music. They are also frequently used in genres of folk including country music and bluegrass music and in jazz. Electric violins are used in some forms of rock music; further, the violin has come to be played in many non-Western music cultures, including Indian music and Iranian music. The violin is sometimes informally called a fiddle, particularly in Irish traditional music and bluegrass, but this nickname is also used regardless of the type of music played on it.  - The Grateful Dead was an American rock band formed in 1965 in Palo Alto, California. Ranging from quintet to septet, the band is known for its unique and eclectic style, which fused elements of country, folk, bluegrass, blues, reggae, rock, improvisational jazz, psychedelia, and space rock, for live performances of lengthy instrumental jams, and for their devoted fan base, known as "Deadheads". "Their music," writes Lenny Kaye, "touches on ground that most other groups don't even know exists." These various influences were distilled into a diverse and psychedelic whole that made the Grateful Dead "the pioneering Godfathers of the jam band world". The band was ranked 57th by "Rolling Stone" magazine in its "The Greatest Artists of all Time" issue. The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 and their Barton Hall Concert at Cornell University (May 8, 1977) was added to the National Recording Registry of the Library of Congress. The Grateful Dead have sold more than 35 million albums worldwide.  - Phil Lesh and Friends is an American rock band formed and led by Phil Lesh, former bassist of the Grateful Dead.  - Warren Haynes (born April 6, 1960) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. Haynes is best known for his work as longtime guitarist with The Allman Brothers Band and as founding member of the jam band Gov't Mule. Early in his career he was a guitarist for David Allan Coe and The Dickey Betts Band. Haynes also is known for his associations with the surviving members of the Grateful Dead, including touring with Phil Lesh and Friends and The Dead. In addition, Haynes founded and manages Evil Teen Records.  - Phish is a band known for musical improvisation, extended jams, blending of genres, and a dedicated fan base. Originating at the University of Vermont in 1983 (with the current line-up solidifying in 1985), the band's four membersTrey Anastasio (guitars, lead vocals), Mike Gordon (bass, vocals), Jon Fishman (drums, percussion, vacuum, vocals), and Page McConnell (keyboards, vocals)performed together for nearly 20 years before going on hiatus from October 7, 2000 to December 31, 2002. They resumed touring from December 31, 2002 until August 15, 2004 when they announced that the Coventry Festival would be their last show. They reunited in March 2009 for a series of three consecutive concerts played in the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton, Virginia, and have since resumed performing regularly.  - A Grammy Award (originally called Gramophone Award), or Grammy, is an honor awarded by The Recording Academy to recognize outstanding achievement in the mainly English-language music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards (television), the Tony Awards (stage performance), and the Academy Awards (motion pictures).  - "What Would You Say" is a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band. It was released in September 1994 as the lead single from their debut album "Under the Table and Dreaming". It reached #11 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart. In June 1995 it peaked at #9 on the Mainstream Top 40 chart. John Popper of Blues Traveler performed the harmonica solo in the breakdown before the last verse.  - Blues Traveler is an American rock band formed in Princeton, New Jersey in 1987. The band's music covers a variety of genres, including blues rock, psychedelic rock, folk rock, soul, and Southern rock. They are known for extensive use of segues in their live performances, and were considered a key part of the re-emerging jam band scene of the 1990s, spearheading the H.O.R.D.E. touring music festival.  - The Allman Brothers Band was an American rock band formed in Jacksonville, Florida, United States, in 1969 by brothers Duane Allman (slide guitar and lead guitar) and Gregg Allman (vocals, keyboards, songwriting), as well as Dickey Betts (lead guitar, vocals, songwriting), Berry Oakley (bass guitar), Butch Trucks (drums), and Jai Johanny "Jaimoe" Johanson (drums). While the band has been called the principal architects of southern rock, they also incorporate elements of blues, jazz, and country music, and their live shows have jam band-style improvisation and instrumentals.  - Rashawn Ross (born January 16, 1979) is an American trumpeter and arranger from St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands. His contributions in the Dave Matthews Band as a touring member have gained him visibility. Ross is an accomplished session musician. Ross has worked with artists in many different genres of music ranging from funk, rock, jazz, hip hop, gospel and country music. Some of the notable artists whom Ross has supported include Yerba Buena, Soulive, Lettuce, and DJ Quik.  - Jeff Coffin (born August 5, 1965) is a saxophonist, bandleader, composer and educator. He is a three-time Grammy Award winner as a member of Bela Fleck & the Flecktones and played with them from 1997-2010. In July 2008, Coffin began touring with Dave Matthews Band, and officially joined the group in 2009 following the death of founding member LeRoi Moore. Coffin also fronts his own group, Jeff Coffin & the Mutet, with which he released the album "Into the Air" on September 4, 2012.  - Philip Chapman Lesh (born March 15, 1940) is a musician and a founding member of the Grateful Dead, with whom he played bass guitar throughout their 30-year career.  - Ernest Joseph "Trey" Anastasio III (born September 30, 1964) is an American guitarist, composer, and vocalist noted for his work with the band Phish, and his solo career, including the Trey Anastasio Band and the orchestral "Evenings with Trey Anastasio" performed with the New York Philharmonic, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, the Baltimore Symphony, the Pittsburgh Symphony, and the Colorado Symphony.  - Under the Table and Dreaming is the debut studio album from the Dave Matthews Band, released on September 27, 1994.  - `` Jimi Thing '' is a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band . It was released in 1995 as the second single from their debut album Under the Table and Dreaming . It failed to reach any noteworthy position on the charts , like `` Typical Situation '' ( and unlike `` What Would You Say '' , `` Ants Marching '' or `` Satellite '' ) , but has grown into a popular live song played by the band . It was first performed in 1991 and has been performed over 1000 times as of July 2015 . The song has featured many guest artists , including Warren Haynes , Tim Reynolds , Trey Anastasio and Dicky Betts .  - Remember Two Things is an album by the Dave Matthews Band, released independently on the band's Bama Rags label on November 9, 1993. This was the only release where the band was referred to as ""The" Dave Matthews Band." It was reissued by RCA Records on June 24, 1997 and was certified platinum by the RIAA in 2002. The album cover art is an autostereogram which, when focused on correctly, shows a person's hand displaying a peace sign. It was created by two former UVA students in Charlottesville: Rick Kwiatkowski and Jeff Smith. The general consensus among Dave Matthews Band fan websites is that the two things referred to in the title are "love your mother" and "leave only footprints" as well as the two fingers displayed in the aforementioned cover.  - Béla Fleck and the Flecktones is an American band that combines jazz and bluegrass music. The band's name is a play on 1960s rock band Dick Dale and the Del-Tones.  - Dave Matthews Band (often abbreviated to DMB) is an American rock band that was formed in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1991. The founding members were singer-songwriter and guitarist Dave Matthews, bassist Stefan Lessard, drummer/backing vocalist Carter Beauford and saxophonist LeRoi Moore. Boyd Tinsley was added to the band as a violinist soon after the band was formed. Moore died suddenly in August 2008 due to complications from injuries sustained in an ATV accident. Grammy Award-winner Jeff Coffin (of Béla Fleck and the Flecktones) has since filled Moore's spot as the band's saxophonist. Rashawn Ross and Tim Reynolds have also become full-time members of the band. The band's 2009 album "Big Whiskey & the GrooGrux King" (the first album since Moore's death) debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200, earning the band their fifth consecutive number-one debut. Their most recent album, "Away from the World", released September 29, 2012, debuted at number one on the Billboard chart  making them the only group to have six consecutive studio albums debut in the top spot. As of 2010, the Dave Matthews Band have sold over 30 million records worldwide.    What entity does 'jimi thing' has the relation 'record label' with?
The answer to this question is: