MILTON FRIEDMAN EXPLAINS MR. BIG

Economists are everywhere these days. Ever since Steven Levitt published “Freak-onomics,” in 2005, books explaining everyday pheno-mena in economic terms have been flying off the bestseller shelves and – proving that economists respond rationally to incentives – inspiring imitators.

Tim Harford struck early with his celebrated “The Undercover Economist,” and he has now followed up with “The Logic of Life: The Rational Economics of an Irrational World,” which should do well for Harford’s personal economy, too. But why, exactly, are books like this so popular? And do they really deliver useful insights?

At one level, the appeal is obvious: The world is a complex place, and any approach that lets us lay down some sort of a grid that makes sense of all that confusion seems pretty good. People are often ready to accept approaches that are fairly obviously bogus (astrology? aura readings?), so a simplifying and clarifying approach that has academic respectability is even more appealing.

It helps even more that this approach often works. Lots of things that are confusing turn out to make sense in a reliable way when you apply economic reasoning. The laws of supply and demand matter; things seldom turn out to be worth more (or less) than the discounted present value of their future revenues; and people generally put out more effort for their own behalf than they do for the benefit of others. Systems structured around these truths tend to succeed, while systems that deny them tend to fail.

Even better, it’s fun. Much that seems on the surface inexplicable turns out to make perfect logical sense once you understand the incentives and how people respond to them. And that’s the approach of Harford’s latest work.

Though fun, it’s not Pollyannaish. Harford makes clear that people, acting rationally as individuals, can nonetheless act in ways that, from the standpoint of society, seem irrational and destructive. Thus, understanding the underlying rationales is the key to understanding and addressing the problems.

At any rate, most of the fun in Harwood’s book is found in the specific topics he addresses, and the way he reveals – much like a magician or a mystery author – the solution to the questions he presents.

Why do single women outnumber single men in Manhattan? Because women, seeking men who make a lot of money, converge on places that are rich in men who make a lot of money. Then those women complain that there aren’t enough good men. “Manhattan’s women may constantly grumble about the lack of marriageable men in the city, but it is their rational choice not to relocate to Alaska,” he writes.

But it turns out that the imbalance causes more problems than sheer scarcity. Eligible males benefit from competition among eligible females, allowing them to commit later, expect sex earlier and so on, and even a slight imbalance in the gender ratio produces a big imbalance in dating power, since women don’t want to be left empty-handed at the end.

Nor is this limited to the wealthy, as Harford observes a similar pattern in poor black neighborhoods where a higher percentage of men are in prison or otherwise poor marriage prospects, drastically strengthening the bargaining position of those who remain. (Of course, it’s a two-edged sword: When I was a single lawyer at a big Wall Street firm, I felt that many women saw me as a walking paycheck, more interested in my prospects than my personality, just as many women feel that some men are more interested in certain other attributes. I suppose that’s different for lawyers nowadays, with the much-richer hedge-fund guys around to play the walking-paycheck role.)

On the other hand, while the dating market may favor men, Harford suggests that shifts toward easier divorce laws – generally thought to favor men by making it easier to leave a dutiful wife behind in favor of a mistress or future “trophy wife” – actually have benefited women. Formerly kept out of the workforce by the demands of raising a family, and the benefits that came from specialization, women – largely freed from housework by smaller family size and modern appliances – looked at things differently in light of easy divorce and readily available contraception.

While promises that women could “have it all” may have been somewhat overstated, it doesn’t seem like hyperbole compared to what had come before. It was the threat of divorce that jumpstarted things, Harford argues: “Realizing that the economic unit might break up, at which point a woman who simply specialized in having children was in serious trouble, it became rational for a woman to maintain career options as divorce insurance. . . . Because divorce was conceivable, women preserved career options. But because women had career options, divorce became conceivable. It became less and less likely that a woman would become trapped in a miserable marriage out of pure economic necessity.”

The result was a shift from the man’s world workplace of the 1960s and 1970s to a world in which the workplace in many ways favors women over men, as well as a decrease in domestic abuse in homes.

There are downsides, of course – there are fewer unhappy marriages, but also more divorces. And there’s another downside that Harford doesn’t mention, but that goes with the theme of rational actors and societal downsides: The entry of women into high-powered careers seems to have led to more “assortative mating” where high-earning professional males, who if they married a coworker 50 years ago would have married a secretary or file clerk, now tend to marry other high-earners like themselves. That tends to cause the rich (or at least the upper middle class) to get richer and removes from the poor one major path of upward mobility; now the secretaries have a poorer shot at marrying the boss.

Poor cities, on the other hand, face a different problem. As a first approximation, you might think that a city with a weak economy and plunging real estate prices might find those problems mitigated because the lower real estate prices would draw in new people. And you’d be right. But Harford notes that this can actually compound the problem.

High-earning people would rather live in Manhattan, despite high rents, because that puts them in a better position to associate with (and perhaps assortatively mate with) other high-skill, high-earning people. The people who tend to move into the depressed neighborhoods of Detroit, on the other hand, usually move there because it’s cheap, meaning that they don’t have much money, and as a group tend to bring fewer skills and interests that might make those neighborhoods a better place. Worse yet, these tendencies tend to be self-reinforcing and long-lasting. Again, the better off tend to do better, and the poor tend to do worse – at least if “better off” means “well off enough to pay Manhattan rents.”

On the other hand, high rents in Manhattan tend to be self-reinforcing and long-lasting, too. And this is because of the rational behavior of special interests, those who already own Manhattan real estate. Harford writes: “Back in 1970s, the price of a house anywhere in America – even an apartment in Manhattan – was not much more than the cost of building it.”

But zoning regulations have driven those costs up in urban areas like Manhattan, to an estimated cost of nearly $10,000 per person per year, mostly as higher rents and mortgage payments. This is bad for Manhattan, but good for landlords and homeowners, who support regulation at the expense of renters. (Such restrictions are promoted as bringing environmental benefits, but Harford argues pretty persuasively that those environmental benefits are nonexistent, serving largely as a smokescreen for privilege.)

There’s much more to Harford’s book – I haven’t even gotten to his explanation of why the increase in oral sex among teenagers is a sign of rational risk assessment rather than depravity – but these examples will have to do. So how well does Harford’s analysis hold up?

Pretty well. At times, Harford can seem a bit facile – for every divorcee fulfilling herself in a high-powered corporate job, I suspect that there’s probably at least one divorced waitress in a truck stop who’d rather be home with her kids. But the benefit of books like “The Logic of Life” doesn’t come from the specific policy insights.

The real benefit lies in exposing a large number of readers to the economic worldview, one in which people generally know what they want, and rationally try to obtain it, and in which human behavior isn’t easily changed by ham-handed government action and wishful thinking.

This notion, together with its corollary – there is no free lunch – is something that our political classes tend to forget, or at least to want to ignore. In this election year, we should thank Harford for educating voters a bit more.

Glenn Reynolds is the Beauchamp Brogan Distinguished Professor of Law at the University of Tennessee, and runs instapundit.com

The Rational Economics of an Irrational World

Why do more women than men live in Manhattan?

Studies of Internet dating have shown what we all suspect: that women look for high earners and men look for young, attractive women. It’s a carryover of evolutionary biology, when powerful men could protect a family better, and younger women could produce more offspring. Since a woman who earns more money isn’t important for men, unskilled men are more likely to move out of a city with rising rents. Unskilled women will stick around for the chance to land rich men. “In New York, there are 860,000 men between the ages of 20 and 34, but there are 910,000 women. Consciously or not, plenty of women seem to have decided they would rather compete for scarce, wealthy males than move where the males are poorer but more plentiful,” Harford writes.

On the impact of the Pill

There are many, but one is that it increased the number of women lawyers and doctors. Since women could delay having children for longer periods of time – but not give up sex – “that made it rational to invest in training for a career with a long prequalification period, such as law, medicine or dentistry. Female enrollment in law and medical school soared as the pill became available.”

On the epidemic of teenage oral sex

It doesn’t have to do with loosening morals or kids gone wrong. It’s that young people who would ordinarily be having sex have had the fear of AIDS drilled into them from puberty. “Regular sex is more costly than it used to be because of the spread of HIV/AIDS,” Harford writes. “The costs of oral sex are, quite simply, lower than the costs of regular sex.” Other economic studies show that where parental notification of abortion laws are passed, gonorrhea rates among teens drop. As unlikely as it sounds, apparently teens do think through having sex – particularly if the consequences are greater.

On whether people are looking for “the one”

Harford studied 2,000 speed dates, and noted that people’s standards depended on who showed up. “For example, men prefer women who are not overweight. You might think, then, that if on a particular evening twice as many overweight women as usual show up, it will be a night when fewer men propose a date. Not at all. The men propose a date just as frequently, so that when twice as many overweight women turn up, twice as many overweight women receive offers of a date.” While you would expect people to just give up and go home if they didn’t see anyone who fit their “type,” “instead, people respond to slim pickings by lowering their standards.”

Write a one or two sentence summary.