Summarize this article:

Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. ||||| A former congressman and radio host, Mr. Pence emerged over the last week as the strong favorite of Mr. Trump’s political advisers and senior officials in the Republican Party. He addressed a rally in Indiana alongside Mr. Trump on Tuesday night and met privately with him several times. 
  
 But Mr. Trump himself has sent conflicting signals in recent days, as he has subjected his potential running mates to a final round of screening. As of Thursday afternoon, he had not yet formally invited Mr. Pence to join his ticket, nor had he notified two other contenders, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, of his decision, according to people with direct knowledge of the process. 
  
 Mr. Trump has appeared to vacillate over his choice. Long accustomed to making important strategic decisions by sheer improvisation, he is now faced with the most permanent, and perhaps most important, decision of the campaign. 
  
 The delay has the potential to complicate a partnership with Mr. Pence, who must file papers in Indiana by noon on Friday withdrawing from his re-election campaign in order for Republicans to field a new candidate for the race. 
  
 Photo 
  
 On Wednesday, Mr. Trump and his children threw together a hasty series of conversations with other finalists in the vice-presidential search, including Mr. Christie, Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama and Mr. Gingrich. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Paul Manafort, the chairman of the Trump campaign, said at midday Thursday that the campaign had not notified anyone of a final decision. 
  
 ”We have not been reaching out to Washington to tell them to prepare for any particular candidate,” Mr. Manafort said by phone. 
  
 A low-key man largely defined in public life by his Christian faith, Mr. Pence, 57, is seen as a cautious choice — a political partner who is unlikely to embarrass Mr. Trump, and who may help him shore up support among conservative voters still wary of his candidacy. 
  
 Mr. Pence’s staunch conservative views on certain social issues, like gay rights and abortion, may inject a new set of concerns into the general election debate that have been largely overlooked with Mr. Trump at the top of the Republican ticket. 
  
 Mr. Gingrich, in a video broadcast on Facebook, said Mr. Pence would bring “Midwestern appeal” to the Trump ticket, and would pair Mr. Trump with a “relatively stable, more normal person.” 
  
 Mr. Gingrich added that he had told Mr. Trump that a Trump-Gingrich combination would be a bolder pairing of “two pirates” on the same ticket. 
  
 Selecting Mr. Pence, by contrast, might ease relations between Mr. Trump and Republicans in Washington, where party leaders have eyed his every move with grave apprehension. 
  
 Republicans on Capitol Hill spoke approvingly of Mr. Pence on Thursday: He is seen among his former colleagues there as a conventional politician with standard-issue conservative beliefs, including on some subjects where his policy instincts plainly conflict with Mr. Trump’s. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Mr. Pence has endorsed free-trade agreements, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an Asian trade deal that Mr. Trump has described as a “rape” of the American economy. As a House member, Mr. Pence also voted for the Iraq War, which Trump has condemned, and last winter he denounced Mr. Trump’s call to ban all Muslim immigration into the United States. 
  
 If those views place Mr. Pence at odds with Mr. Trump, they are in line with the outlook of Republican leaders in Congress. 
  
 “It’s no secret I’m a big fan of Mike Pence’s,” said Paul D. Ryan, the speaker of the House from Wisconsin. “We’re very good friends. I have very high regard for him. I hope that he picks a good movement conservative. Clearly, Mike is one of those.” 
  
 The Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, of Kentucky, said picking Mr. Pence would be a “good move by Donald Trump.” Mr. McConnell, who has sharply rebuked Mr. Trump in recent weeks for his indiscipline on the campaign trail, said he would “look forward to enthusiastically supporting the ticket.” 
  
 First Draft Newsletter Subscribe for updates on the 2016 presidential race, the White House and Congress, delivered to your inbox Monday - Friday. 
  
 To Democrats, Mr. Pence cuts an unimposing profile, and party officials said Thursday they considered him unlikely to transform Mr. Trump’s deeply unpopular public image. On the contrary, his archconservative social views could help motivate liberal voters and young people to turn out for Hillary Clinton in the fall. 
  
 At the same time, Democrats have looked with some dismay at Mr. Trump’s tenacity in the Midwest, and at his unusual popularity with white men. Mr. Pence could reinforce Mr. Trump’s strengths in both areas. 
  
 The Senate minority leader Harry Reid, Democrat of Nevada, indicated that the focus of the fall campaign would be Mr. Trump himself. 
  
 “It’s not going to help him that much, no matter who he picks,” Mr. Reid said. 
  
 For Mr. Trump, selecting Mr. Pence would be a sharp departure from habit, and the surest sign yet that he intends to submit to at least some standard political pressures in the general election. 
  
 Advertisement Continue reading the main story 
  
 Mr. Pence’s public audition for the No. 2 spot, when he appeared with Mr. Trump on Tuesday at a rally in Westfield, Ind., went well. Standing ramrod straight, Mr. Pence offered five and a half minutes of high-energy remarks, frequently turning his fire to Hillary Clinton in an apparent attempt to demonstrate that he could be an attack dog against her. 
  
 But in the past, Mr. Trump has leaned heavily on a tiny circle of trusted friends and advisers, and has crafted his major political decisions to shock and titillate the news media and Republican primary voters. 
  
 Mr. Pence is a laid-back personality who does not have the same set of showman’s instincts as Mr. Trump or other vice-presidential contenders like Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Christie. 
  
 And the Indiana governor has only the scantiest of personal relationships with the man whose political future has rapidly melded with his own. ||||| Buy Photo Longaberger leaves its basket building next week. The future use of the building is unknown. (Photo: Jessica Phelps/The Advocate)Buy Photo Story Highlights On Dec. 8, 1997, 225 Longaberger employees (of 500 eventually) moved into the basket building. 
  
 Next week, the remaining 10 employees will move out of the company's deteriorating home office. 
  
 NEWARK – Nineteen years ago, 225 employees of The Longaberger Co. couldn't wait to enter their new workplace, a $32 million, seven-story replica of the company's Medium Market Basket that eventually housed 500 workers. 
  
 Today, the 10 remaining employees inside the deteriorating structure can't wait to leave the world's largest basket building and join their co-workers at the company's manufacturing campus and home office at the Longaberger Homestead, two miles east of Frazeysburg. 
  
 The 180,000-square foot building will be vacant in a week, as the last employees move out Thursday or Friday, taking their supplies to the Muskingum County facility. There were 68 employees working at the basket building last year, according to city documents. 
  
 Brenton Baker, director of marketing and communications for Longaberger, said the move will not be a sad day for the employees, who have been looking forward to being with the rest of the Longaberger employees and working closer to home. 
  
 "It is not a sad thing we are leaving," Baker said. "People keep saying they feel sad for the employees. Don't feel sad for us. I cannot wait for next week. For me, next week can't come fast enough. For the people on the outside, it's probably not that way. 
  
 "We, the employees, asked if we could move out of the building. We're pretty busy. No one is standing around lamenting much." 
  
 Newark city officials have discussed what will become of the basket after Longaberger leaves, but no solutions have yet emerged on what to do with the building that was a worldwide news story in 1997. 
  
 Longaberger, one of several direct-selling companies owned by JRJR Networks, owes $577,660 in property taxes due by July 20, and, with interest and penalties, will owe $605,219, due by Aug. 1. The company has made no payments since Nov. 24, 2014, when it paid $10,000. It paid $70,000 that year, but nothing since. 
  
 Leaving the East Main Street property will not change Longaberger's tax obligations, which will continue to mount, according to Licking County Treasurer Olivia Parkinson. 
  
 "Taxes are still due whether it's vacant or not," Parkinson said. "The only way it would change is if they file by March 31 with the Board of Revision to change the taxable value." 
  
 Parkinson said the Licking County land bank, of which she is a member has discussed the basket and the city has been in contact with public-private partnerships, searching for an answer. 
  
 "We're trying to work with whomever we can to find a solution," Parkinson said. "Foreclosure could happen at any time. It's been eligible for awhile, but we'd rather find a solution." 
  
 When the move is complete, about 50 employees will be working in the two-story office building on the front of Building A at the manufacturing campus. Baker estimated 60 percent of the employees making the move live in Muskingum County. He said about 30 percent live in Licking or Coshocton counties, and 10 percent in Franklin County. 
  
 The 20-mile separation of Newark employees and those at the manufacturing campus has become a hassle, Baker said. 
  
 "Everybody was so spread out and now we'll all be in one big office building together," Baker said. "When we had big meetings, we either had to drive up there or they had to drive down here. And, I drive from Nashport, so it will cut my drive time in half. 
  
 "I'm a people person. I'd rather walk over and talk to you then send an email. That was hard to do in the basket. It's a massive space." 
  
 The move has occurred gradually over the last month, as the new facility received new carpet, paint and wiring for phone lines. 
  
 "We didn't have to be out of the building on a certain date, so we're doing it gradual," Baker said. "There hasn't been any disruption in business. We moved people over in small shifts, so it wasn't a giant strain on any department." 
  
 The goal, Baker said, was to have the home office moved before the annual Longaberger Bee, which is July 21-23 at Tri-Valley High School, in Dresden, and at the Homestead. The 2015 Bee returned to Dresden for the first time in 30 years. 
  
 The 9,000-ton building was built with a 30,000-square foot atrium with natural light from the skylight to the lobby floor, two 75-ton heated handles, a large cafeteria area, a 100- to 120-seat theater with a stage, several conference areas for board meetings or training, 84 windows and 31 restrooms. 
  
 "The building served us well and was a great testament to the vision of our founder," Baker said. "We have the flexibility to move into a space that will serve us better. I don't think of it as an end of an era, but the start of a new chapter." 
  
 kmallett@newark 
  
 advocate.com 
  
 740-328-8545 
  
 Twitter: @kmallett1958 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/29CF7Jy |||||