Answer the following question: Information:  - Wang Mang (c. 45  6 October 23 AD), courtesy name Jujun (), was a Han Dynasty official who seized the throne from the Liu family and founded the Xin (or Hsin, meaning "renewed") Dynasty (), ruling 923 AD. The Han dynasty was restored after his overthrow, and his rule marks the separation between the Western Han Dynasty (before Xin) and Eastern Han Dynasty (after Xin). Some historians have traditionally viewed Wang as a usurper, while others have portrayed him as a visionary and selfless social reformer. Though a learned Confucian scholar who sought to implement the harmonious society he saw in the classics, his efforts ended in chaos.  - Han Xuan was a minor warlord and the Administrator (  ) of Changsha (  ) commandery during the late Han Dynasty . He served under Liu Biao , governor of Jing Province , for three years . After Liu Biao 's death , the northern part of Jing Province was divided between two of Liu Biao 's sons , Liu Qi and Liu Cong . The southern portion was divided between four Administrators , Zhao Fan , Jin Xuan , Liu Du and Han Xuan . Eventually , Changsha became an independent region under Han Xuan , and his land remained undisturbed by the other warlords for two years . Then in 210 , Liu Bei invaded Jing Province , capturing all the lands from their leaders .  - The Han dynasty was the second imperial dynasty of China (206 BC220 AD), preceded by the Qin dynasty (221206 BC) and succeeded by the Three Kingdoms period (220280 AD). Spanning over four centuries, the Han period is considered a golden age in Chinese history. To this day, China's majority ethnic group refers to itself as the "Han people" and the Chinese script is referred to as "Han characters". It was founded by the rebel leader Liu Bang, known posthumously as Emperor Gaozu of Han, and briefly interrupted by the Xin dynasty (923 AD) of the former regent Wang Mang. This interregnum separates the Han dynasty into two periods: the Western Han or Former Han (206 BC  9 AD) and the Eastern Han or Later Han (25220 AD).  - The Battle of Red Cliffs, otherwise known as the Battle of Chibi, was a decisive battle fought at the end of the Han dynasty, about twelve years prior to the beginning of the Three Kingdoms period in Chinese history. It was fought in the winter of AD 208/9 between the allied forces of the southern warlords Liu Bei and Sun Quan and the numerically superior forces of the northern warlord Cao Cao. Liu Bei and Sun Quan successfully frustrated Cao Cao's effort to conquer the land south of the Yangtze River and reunite the territory of the Eastern Han dynasty. The allied victory at Red Cliffs ensured the survival of Liu Bei and Sun Quan, gave them control of the Yangtze , and provided a line of defence that was the basis for the later creation of the two southern states of Shu Han and Eastern Wu. The battle has been called the largest naval battle in history in terms of numbers involved.  - Jin Xuan (died 209), courtesy name Yuanji (), was a minor warlord and Administrator of Wuling Commandery in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.  - The Xin dynasty was a Chinese dynasty (termed so despite having only one emperor) which lasted from 9 to 23 AD. It interrupted the Han dynasty, dividing it into the periods of the Western Han and the Eastern Han.  - Cao Wei (220265) was one of the three major states that competed for supremacy over China in the Three Kingdoms period (220280). With its capital at Luoyang, the state was established by Cao Pi in 220, based upon the foundations laid by his father, Cao Cao, towards the end of the Eastern Han dynasty. The name "Wei" first became associated with Cao Cao when he was named the Duke of Wei by the Eastern Han government in 213, and became the name of the state when Cao Pi proclaimed himself emperor in 220. Historians often add the prefix "Cao" to distinguish it from other Chinese states known as "Wei", such as Wei of the Warring States period and Northern Wei of the Southern and Northern Dynasties. The authority of the ruling Cao family gradually weakened after the death of the second Wei emperor, Cao Rui, and eventually fell into the hands of Sima Yi, a Wei regent, and his family, in 249. Cao Rui's successors remained as puppet rulers under the control of the Simas until Sima Yi's grandson, Sima Yan, forced the last Wei ruler, Cao Huan, to abdicate the throne and established the Jin dynasty.  - Cao Cao (155  15 March 220), courtesy name Mengde, was a Chinese warlord and the penultimate Chancellor of the Eastern Han dynasty who rose to great power in the final years of the dynasty. As one of the central figures of the Three Kingdoms period, he laid the foundations for what was to become the state of Cao Wei and was posthumously honoured as "Emperor Wu of Wei". Although he is often portrayed as a cruel and merciless tyrant in subsequent literature, Cao Cao has also been praised as a brilliant ruler and military genius who treated his subordinates like his family. During the fall of the Eastern Han dynasty, Cao Cao was able to secure the most populated and prosperous cities of the central plains and northern China. Cao had much success as the Han chancellor, but his handling of the Han emperor Liu Xie was heavily criticized and resulted in a continued and then escalated civil war. Opposition directly gathered around warlords Liu Bei and Sun Quan, whom Cao was unable to quell. Cao was also skilled in poetry and martial arts and wrote many war journals.  - Shu or Shu Han (221263) was one of the three major states that competed for supremacy over China in the Three Kingdoms period (220280). The state was based in the area around present-day Sichuan and Chongqing, which was historically known as "Shu" after an earlier state in Sichuan named Shu. Shu Han's founder Liu Bei had named his state "Han" as he considered it the legitimate successor to the Han dynasty, while "Shu" is added to the name as a geographical prefix to differentiate it from the many "Han" states throughout Chinese history.  - Liu Biao (142208), courtesy name Jingsheng, was a warlord and the governor of Jing Province who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty. He was a member of the extended family of the Han emperors, descended from Liu Yu, the fifth son of Emperor Jing.  - Guizhou, formerly romanized as Kweichow, is a province of the People's Republic of China located in the southwestern part of the country. Its capital city is Guiyang. Name. The area was first organized as an administrative region of a Chinese empire under the Tang, when it was named Juzhou, pronounced "Kjú-jyuw" in the Middle Chinese of the period. During the Mongolian Yuan dynasty, the character ("ju", "carpenter's square") was changed to the more refined ("gui", "precious or expensive"). The region formally became a province in 1413, with an eponymous capital then also called "Guizhou" but now known as Guiyang.  - Zhao Fan was a minor warlord and prefect of Guiyang Commandery during the late Han Dynasty period of Chinese history. Zhao Fan surrendered to Zhao Yun after being attacked by his army at Guiyang following the Battle of Red Cliffs. Zhao Fan then unintentionally sparked the rage of Zhao Yun by suggesting his marriage to his older brother's widow. He became a minister of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.  - The Qin dynasty was the first dynasty of Imperial China, lasting from 221 to 206 BC. Named for its heartland of Qin, in modern-day Gansu and Shaanxi, the dynasty was formed after the conquest of six other states by the Qin state, and its founding emperor named Qin Shi Huang, the First Emperor of Qin. The strength of the Qin state was greatly increased by the Legalist reforms of Shang Yang in the fourth century BC, during the Warring States period. In the mid and late third century BC, the Qin accomplished a series of swift conquests, first ending the powerless Zhou dynasty, and eventually conquering the other six of the Seven Warring States to gain control over the whole of China. It is also the shortest dynasty in Chinese history, lasting only 15 years with two emperors.  - Zhao Yun (died 229), courtesy name Zilong, was a military general who lived in the late Eastern Han dynasty and early Three Kingdoms period. Originally a subordinate of the northern warlord Gongsun Zan, Zhao Yun later came to serve another warlord, Liu Bei, and had since accompanied him on most of his military exploits, from the Battle of Changban (208) to the Hanzhong Campaign (217219). He continued serving in the state of Shu Han  founded by Liu Bei in 221  in the Three Kingdoms period and participated in the first of the Northern Expeditions until his death in 229. While many facts about Zhao Yun's life remain unclear due to limited information in historical sources, some aspects and activities in his life had been dramatised or exaggerated in folklore and fiction, most notably in Luo Guanzhong's historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", in which he was lauded as a member of the Five Tiger Generals under Liu Bei.  - Liu Bei (161  10 June 223), courtesy name Xuande, was a warlord in the late Eastern Han dynasty who founded the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period and became its first ruler. Despite early failings compared to his rivals and lacking both the material resources and social status they commanded, he gathered support along disheartened Han loyalists who objected to Cao Cao's reign over the emperor and relied heavily on this support. Liu Bei overcame his many defeats to carve out his own realm, which at its peak spanned present-day Sichuan, Chongqing, Guizhou, Hunan, parts of Hubei, and parts of Gansu.  - Emperor Gaozu of Han (256 BC  June 1, 195 BC), born Liu Bang, was the founder and first emperor of the Han dynasty, reigning from 202  195 BC. He was one of the few dynasty founders in Chinese history with humble origin from the peasant class.  - The Three Kingdoms (AD 220280) was the tripartite division of China between the states of Wei, Shu, and Wu, following the Han dynasty and preceding the Jin dynasty. The term "Three Kingdoms" itself is something of a mistranslation, since each state was eventually headed not by a king, but by an emperor who claimed legitimate succession from the Han dynasty. Nevertheless, the term "Three Kingdoms" has become standard among sinologists. To further distinguish the three states from other historical Chinese states of similar names, historians have added a relevant character: Wei is also known as Cao Wei, Shu is also known as Shu Han, and Wu is also known as Dong (or Eastern) Wu.  - China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia. With a population of over 1.381 billion, it is the world's most populous country. The state is governed by the Communist Party of China, and its capital is Beijing. It exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four direct-controlled municipalities (Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, and Chongqing), and two mostly self-governing special administrative regions (Hong Kong and Macau), and claims sovereignty over Taiwan. The country's major urban areas include Shanghai, Guangzhou, Beijing, Chongqing, Shenzhen, Tianjin and Hong Kong. China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia, and has been characterized as a potential superpower.    'han xuan' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'date of death'?  Choices: - 1  - 1413  - 142  - 15  - 161  - 206  - 208  - 209  - 217  - 219  - 220  - 221  - 223  - 229  - 23  - 25  - 256  - 265  - 280  - 381  - 45  - 6  - 9
Answer: