Information:  - Walter Davis Pidgeon (September 23, 1897  September 25, 1984) was a Canadian actor who starred in many films, including "How Green Was My Valley", "Mrs. Miniver", "The Bad and the Beautiful", "Forbidden Planet", "Advise & Consent", "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", "Funny Girl" and "Harry in Your Pocket".  - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. (abbreviated as MGM or M-G-M, also known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer or Metro, and for a former interval known as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer/United Artists, or MGM/UA) is an American media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of feature films and television programs.  - Nicholas Nayfack (January 1, 1909  March 31, 1958) was an American movie producer whose notable works include "Forbidden Planet" and "The Invisible Boy". He was the nephew of MGM studio chief Nicholas Schenck and United Artists studio boss Joseph M. Schenck. He married actress Lynne Carver in 1937. Nicholas Nayfack died of a heart attack at the age of forty-eight on March 31, 1958  - Forbidden Planet (also known as Fatal Planet) is a 1956 American science fiction film from MGM, produced by Nicholas Nayfack, directed by Fred M. Wilcox and starring Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis, Leslie Nielsen, Warren Stevens, Jack Kelly and Robby the Robot. Shot in Eastmancolor and CinemaScope, it is considered one of the great science fiction films of the 1950s, a precursor of what was to come for science fiction cinema. The characters and isolated setting have been compared to those in William Shakespeare's "The Tempest". Its plot contains certain story analogues to the play.  - Leslie William Nielsen, (11 February 192628 November 2010) was a Canadian actor, comedian, and producer. He appeared in more than 100 films and 150 television programs, portraying more than 220 characters.  - Fred McLeod Wilcox ( December 22 , 1907 -- September 23 , 1964 ) was an American motion picture director . He worked for Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer for many years and directed the classic family film Lassie Come Home and the science fiction classic Forbidden Planet , which were enshrined on the National Film Preservation Board 's National Film Registry in 1993 and 2013 respectively .  - A film, also called a movie, motion picture, theatrical film or photoplay, is a series of still images which, when shown on a screen, creates the illusion of moving images due to the phi phenomenon. This optical illusion causes the audience to perceive continuous motion between separate objects viewed rapidly in succession. The process of filmmaking is both an art and an industry. A film is created by photographing actual scenes with a motion picture camera; by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques; by means of CGI and computer animation; or by a combination of some or all of these techniques and other visual effects.  - William Shakespeare (26 April 1564 (baptised)  23 April 1616) was an English :poet, :playwright, and actor, widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world's pre-eminent dramatist. He is often called England's national poet, and the "Bard of Avon". His extant works, including collaborations, consist of approximately 38 plays, 154 sonnets, two long narrative poems, and a few other verses, some of uncertain authorship. His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright.  - Hugo D. Butler (4 May 1914  7 January 1968) was a Canadian born screenwriter working in Hollywood who was blacklisted by the movie studios in the 1950s.  - Science fiction film (or sci-fi) is a genre that uses speculative, fictional science-based depictions of phenomena that are not fully accepted by mainstream science, such as extraterrestrial lifeforms, alien worlds, extrasensory perception and time travel, along with futuristic elements such as spacecraft, robots, cyborgs, interstellar travel or other technologies. Science fiction films have often been used to focus on political or social issues, and to explore philosophical issues like the human condition. In many cases, tropes derived from written science fiction may be used by filmmakers ignorant of or at best indifferent to the standards of scientific plausibility and plot logic to which written science fiction is traditionally held.  - Roderick Andrew Anthony Jude McDowall (17 September 1928  3 October 1998), known as Roddy McDowall, was an English-American actor, voice artist, film director and photographer. He is best known for portraying Cornelius and Caesar in the original "Planet of the Apes" film series, as well as Galen in the spin-off television series. He began his acting career as a child in England, and then in the United States, in "How Green Was My Valley" (1941), "My Friend Flicka" (1943) and "Lassie Come Home" (1943).  - Warren Albert Stevens (November 2, 1919  March 27, 2012) was an American stage, screen, and television actor.  - Lassie Come-Home is a novel written by Eric Knight about a rough collies trek over many miles to be reunited with the boy she loves. Author Eric Knight introduced the reading public to the canine character of Lassie in a magazine story published on December 17, 1938, in "The Saturday Evening Post", a story which he later expanded to a novel and published in 1940 to critical and commercial success. In 1943, the novel was adapted to the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer feature film "Lassie Come Home" starring Roddy McDowall as the boy Joe Carraclough, Pal as Lassie, and featuring Elizabeth Taylor. The motion picture was selected for inclusion in the National Film Registry. A remake of "Lassie Come Home", entitled "Lassie", was released in 2005.  - United Artists (UA) is an American film and television entertainment studio. The studio was founded in 1919 by D. W. Griffith, Charlie Chaplin, Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks with the intention of controlling their own interests rather than depending upon commercial studios. The studio was repeatedly bought, sold and restructured over the ensuing century.  - Yorkshire (or ; abbreviated Yorks), formally known as the County of York, is a historic county of Northern England and the largest in the United Kingdom. Due to its great size in comparison to other English counties, functions have been undertaken over time by its subdivisions, which have also been subject to periodic reform. Throughout these changes, Yorkshire has continued to be recognised as a geographical territory and cultural region. The name is familiar and well understood across the United Kingdom and is in common use in the media and the military, and also features in the titles of current areas of civil administration such as North Yorkshire, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and East Riding of Yorkshire.  - The National Film Registry (NFR) is the United States National Film Preservation Board's (NFPB) selection of films for preservation in the Library of Congress. The NFPB, established by the National Film Preservation Act of 1988, was reauthorized by acts of Congress in 1992, 1996, 2005, and again in October 2008. The NFPB's mission, to which the NFR contributes, is to ensure the survival, conservation, and increased public availability of America's film heritage. The 1996 law also created the non-profit National Film Preservation Foundation which, although affiliated with the NFPB, raises money from the private sector.  - The National Film Preservation Foundation (NFPF) is an independent, nonprofit organization created by the U.S. Congress to help save Americas film heritage. Growing from a national planning effort led by the Library of Congress, the NFPF began operations in 1997. It supports activities nationwide that preserve American films and improve film access for study, education, and exhibition. The NFPF's top priority is saving orphan films, so called because are not protected by commercial interests and are unlikely to survive without public support. Through its grant programs, the NFPF has helped archives, historical societies, libraries, museums, and universities from all 50 states preserve American films and make them available to the public.  - The Library of Congress ("LOC") is the research library that officially serves the United States Congress and is the "de facto" national library of the United States. It is the oldest federal cultural institution in the United States. The Library is housed in three buildings on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C.; it also maintains the Packard Campus in Culpeper, Virginia, which houses the National Audio-Visual Conservation Center.  - CinemaScope is an anamorphic lens series used, from 1953 to 1967, for shooting widescreen movies. Its creation in 1953 by Spyros P. Skouras, the president of 20th Century Fox, marked the beginning of the modern anamorphic format in both principal photography and movie projection.  - Robby the Robot is a fictional character and science fiction icon who first appeared in the 1956 film "Forbidden Planet". He made a number of subsequent appearances in science fiction movies and television programs, usually without specific reference to the original film character.  - Lassie Come Home is a 1943 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Technicolor feature film starring Roddy McDowall and canine actor, Pal, in a story about the profound bond between Yorkshire boy Joe Carraclough and his rough collie, Lassie. The film was directed by Fred M. Wilcox from a screenplay by Hugo Butler based upon the 1940 novel "Lassie Come-Home" by Eric Knight. The film was the first in a series of seven MGM films starring "Lassie."  - Anne Francis (also known as Anne Lloyd Francis; September 16, 1930  January 2, 2011) was an American actress known for her role in the science fiction film classic "Forbidden Planet" (1956) and for having starred in the television series "Honey West" (19651966) which was the first TV series with a female detective character's name in the title. She won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Emmy Award for her role in the series.  - The United States National Film Preservation Board (NFPB) is the board selecting films for preservation in the Library of Congress' National Film Registry. It was established by the National Film Preservation Act of 1988. The National Film Registry is meant to preserve up to 25 "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant films" each year; to be eligible, films must be at least 10 years old. Members of the Board also advise the Librarian of Congress on ongoing development and implementation of the national film preservation plan.  - Eric Oswald Mowbray Knight (April 10, 1897 in Menston in West Yorkshire, England  January 15, 1943 in Suriname) was an English novelist and screenwriter, who is mainly notable for creating the fictional collie Lassie. He took American citizenship in 1942 shortly before his death.  - Lassie is a fictional character created by Eric Knight, she is a female Rough Collie dog, and is featured in a short story that was later expanded to a full-length novel called "Lassie Come-Home". Knight's portrayal of Lassie bears some features in common with another fictional female collie of the same name, and is featured in the British writer Elizabeth Gaskell's 1859 short story called "The Half Brothers." In "The Half Brothers", Lassie is loved only by her young master and guides the adults back to where two boys are lost in a snowstorm.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'occupation' with 'film director'.
The answer to this question is: