Write a summary based on this article:

A Presidential Mystery: Wisconsin State Crime Lab testing bedspread Lincoln allegedly died on for blood Posted: Thursday, April 9, 2015 6:19 AM EDT Updated: Friday, April 24, 2015 6:19 AM EDT 
  
 MADISON (WKOW) -- Ahead of the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's death, the Wisconsin Historical Museum is trying to unravel one of history's greatest mysteries. 
  
 There's supporting evidence that a bedspread they've stored for nearly 100 years, is the one Lincoln died on. 
  
 To understand the tale of the bedspread, you have to understand how Lincoln died. Although he was mortally wounded in Ford's Theater by John Wilkes Booth, it took nine hours for the 16th President to bleed out. 
  
 Lincoln was carried across the street to the Peterson Boarding Home, where he remained until he breathed his last breath. 
  
 It's here where the story of the bedspread begins. 
  
 "There's spots that are reddish brown on it," Social Curator Leslie Bellais said about the relic. 
  
 Bellais knows the bedspread was inside the Peterson home, but besides written testimony, she can't prove it was on the bed Lincoln died on. 
  
 "The Peterson family said several sheets and linens were destroyed by the blood," Belais said. 
  
 But in the only photograph taken shortly after Lincoln died, the bedspread is not there. 
  
 "The problem is ours has fringe of it," Bellais said. The one in the photograph does not," she added. 
  
 Still, there's a bit of what she calls coagulated "stuff" on the piece and through the help of the University of Wisconsin, the State Crime lab became interested in the case. 
  
 "They're calling it a matter of national importance," Bellais said. She's not joking. 
  
 The Wisconsin State Crime Lab is avoiding typical 'C.S.I tactics,' like the chemical Luminol. 
  
 "Luminol has never been tested for it's long term effect is and we can't afford to put a chemical on it, when we don't know what it does," Bellais said. 
  
 Instead, last month, the crime lab began searching under the microscope for possible signs of blood. 
  
 The hope is to know ahead of the 150th anniversary of Lincoln's death if the piece was woven into Lincoln's life. 
  
 "This was actually one of the nicest items in the house, so the President would have gotten it," Bellais said. 
  
 The social curator adds another clue the bedspread is the real-deal comes from what Lincoln's doctor said about the night. He described the Presidential patient as being 'cold to the touch.' So, additional heating items were brought into the room. Bellais believes the bedspread was one of them. 
  
 As to the line of custody of the bedspread, some Peterson family relatives gifted the item to the Wisconsin State Journal owner. In the early 1900's, he gave it to the museum where's its remained ever since. 
  
 Bellais says they've thought about doing DNA & blood analysis before, but until now, they were afraid to ruin the piece's integrity. 
  
 "Until recently, you had to cut out a piece of fabric for DNA testing, but now you can just swab it and not destroy the piece." 
  
 If there is blood on the bedspread, Bellais says she will ask other historical sites to test the piece against other Lincoln items. 
  
 She says so far, none of Lincoln's relics have been tested for DNA. 
  
 See the bedspread for yourself on display now at the Wisconsin Historical Museum. Details can be found here: 
  
 http://www.wisconsinhistory.org/calendar/event/4128/a-terrible-tragedy-wisconsin-and-lincoln-s-assassination ||||| Daniel J. Campbell (left), forensic scientist supervisor-DNA at the State Crime Laboratory, swabs for possible blood stains as University of Wisconsin-Madison professor of textile science Majid Sarmadi examines a cotton bedspread that may have come from Abraham Lincoln’s deathbed. Credit: Meg Jones 
  
 By of the 
  
 Madison — In the frantic, desperate minutes after John Wilkes Booth fired a fatal shot into the president's head 150 years ago, Abraham Lincoln's unconscious body was carried across the street from Ford's Theatre to a rooming house. 
  
 Down a narrow hallway and into a tiny room, the stricken Lincoln was carried on April 14, 1865, and placed diagonally on a bed too small for his lanky frame. When he died the following morning a photographer took a photo of the blood-spattered bed, sheets, blanket and pillow. 
  
 The beige cotton bedspread carefully stored in acid-free white tissue paper in a temperature- and humidity-monitored room at the Wisconsin Historical Society may have been on Lincoln's deathbed. Or it might not have been. No one knows for sure. 
  
 But just how the bedspread came to be in Wisconsin is an interesting story, nonetheless. 
  
 And almost a century after it became part of the historical society's collection, the bedspread was tested this week by a University of Wisconsin-Madison textile scientist and Wisconsin Crime Lab official to see if the faint stains on the blanket are blood. Results are due next week. 
  
 "There are spots on it. They could be iron rust spots, but blood has iron in it," said Leslie Bellais, Wisconsin Historical Society curator of social history. 
  
 The knit bedspread was donated to the historical society in 1919 by Wisconsin State Journal owner and editor Richard Lloyd Jones. A dozen years earlier he had been contacted by a woman who told him she and her sister were nieces of the woman who owned Petersen's boardinghouse, where Lincoln died. Their aunt gave the sisters the bedspread, which they had kept for years. But they were moving to Italy and didn't want to take such an important piece of history out of the country, so they gave it to Jones. 
  
 At the time Jones was an editor at Collier's magazine who had written articles about Lincoln, had purchased the Lincoln birthplace farm in Kentucky and promoted a project to memorialize the 16th president's birth site. 
  
 When he donated the bedspread to the historical society, Jones could no longer remember the women's names. They had written a statement of facts including their names, address and the date of the transfer of the bedspread, but Jones told the historical society he misplaced the paper when he moved to Wisconsin. 
  
 "This counterpane, it may be stated, was the best spread of the household and when Mr. Lincoln was carried from the Ford Theatre directly across the street the best the house could provide was of course his. The counterpane was not used by the family after Mr. Lincoln's death," Jones wrote in a 1919 letter to the historical society. 
  
 Bellais, a textile expert, has examined the photo taken of the deathbed shortly after Lincoln's body was removed. The blanket on the bed in that photo is not the bedspread in the society's collection. But Bellais said it's possible it was among other pieces of bedding used to cover the stricken president. Or it could be a blanket from another room in the Petersen house. It could have been washed at some point before it was given to Jones in 1907. Or it could just be a random bedspread that doesn't have any link to the assassination. 
  
 What Bellais knows is the bedspread is from the time period of Lincoln's death and it's an ordinary blanket, not something that would have been found in a nice hotel or the White House. 
  
 Bellais' research to determine who gave the bedspread to Jones has been stymied by the fact that boardinghouse owner William Petersen and his wife, Anna, both died in 1871. Genealogical records have not turned up any nieces of Anna Petersen living in New York in the early 1900s, said Bellais. Perhaps the aunt owned the house after the Petersens died, she said. 
  
 "I called Lincoln memorabilia collectors to ask about the value and they feel this isn't a Lincoln piece because the provenance isn't strong enough," Bellais said. 
  
 To determine whether the stains on the bedspread are blood, Bellais contacted Majid Sarmadi, UW-Madison professor of textile science. 
  
 Sarmadi used a needle to delicately pull a tiny fiber from the bedspread before snipping it with a scissors and handing it to Daniel J. Campbell of the State Crime Laboratory. Campbell, forensic scientist supervisor of the DNA section, used a cotton swab soaked with sterile water to dab at a few of the tiny dark stains before placing them in collection boxes and envelopes. The fibers and cotton swabs will be checked to see if they're blood, and if they are, for DNA. 
  
 If analysts at the crime lab can't find nuclear DNA, the samples will be sent to the FBI, and if that isn't successful, they'll be sent to a lab in Texas for more sophisticated mitochondrial DNA analysis. 
  
 "Typically the blood samples we work with at the State Crime Lab are more recent," said Campbell. "I've never been involved with something this old. This is significant." 
  
 If DNA is found, it would be almost impossible to determine if it's Lincoln's, since many people have handled the bedspread in 150 years. 
  
 The bedspread and a shawl worn by Lincoln when he served as president will go on display Monday at the Wisconsin Historical Society Museum, 30 N. Carroll St., Madison. Bellais is giving a lecture on the bedspread at the museum at 12:15 p.m. Tuesday. ||||| MILWAUKEE A bedspread that may have covered Abraham Lincoln as he lay dying will be tested for his blood in Wisconsin on Tuesday, 150 years to the day after the 16th U.S. president was fatally shot while watching a play in Washington. 
  
 University of Wisconsin textile expert Majid Sarmadi will test the cotton bedspread to determine if human blood is on the Wisconsin Historical Society artefact. 
  
 "It is the most exciting thing to work on," Sarmadi said on Monday. "It gives me goosebumps. ... There is no single president in history that I regard more than Lincoln." 
  
 Lincoln was shot by John Wilkes Booth as he watched a play in Ford's Theatre on April 14, 1865, five days after Confederate General Robert E. Lee surrendered his army to Union General Ulysses S. Grant, effectively ending the Civil War. 
  
 The president was taken across the street to the Petersen House and placed in a bed, where he died the next morning, perhaps covered by the artefact headed for the lab. 
  
 Wisconsin State Journal owner Richard Lloyd Jones gave the blanket to the Wisconsin Historical Society in 1919. Jones, who was interested in preserving Lincoln artefacts, acquired it from the Petersen family in 1907. 
  
 The Wisconsin Historical Society decided to run tests after fielding questions about the small spots on it that appear to be bloodstains, said social history curator Leslie Bellais. 
  
 "If the story is true, then it was present during a very seminal moment in American history," she said. 
  
 Sarmadi and the state's crime lab recently ran preliminary tests on the bedspread and may request the FBI to run its own test. Sarmadi said he would not disclose the findings until all results were back. 
  
 If blood is present, Sarmadi said he hoped to confirm eventually whether it was Lincoln's blood through DNA tests on other assassination artefacts. 
  
 No DNA test has been conducted on any artefacts such as a pillow on display at the Ford's Theatre museum known to contain Lincoln's blood, because of fears of ruining them, Bellais said. 
  
 "Technology now has it that you can actually test these things without destroying the pieces," Bellais said. "I wouldn't be surprised that fairly soon we will have Lincoln DNA on record." 
  
 (Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee; Editing by Peter Cooney) |||||