Information:  - Aristotle ("Aristotéls"; 384322 BC) was a Greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of Stagira, Chalkidice, on the northern periphery of Classical Greece. His father, Nicomachus, died when Aristotle was a child, whereafter Proxenus of Atarneus became his guardian. At seventeen or eighteen years of age, he joined Plato's Academy in Athens and remained there until the age of thirty-seven (c. 347 BC). His writings cover many subjects  including physics, biology, zoology, metaphysics, logic, ethics, aesthetics, poetry, theater, music, rhetoric, linguistics, politics and government  and constitute the first comprehensive system of Western philosophy. Shortly after Plato died, Aristotle left Athens and, at the request of Philip of Macedon, tutored Alexander the Great beginning in 343 BC.  - Jupiter is the fifth planet from the Sun and the largest in the Solar System. It is a giant planet with a mass one-thousandth that of the Sun, but two and a half times that of all the other planets in the Solar System combined. Jupiter is a gas giant, along with Saturn, with the other two giant planets, Uranus and Neptune, being ice giants. Jupiter was known to astronomers of ancient times. The Romans named it after their god Jupiter. When viewed from Earth, Jupiter can reach an apparent magnitude of 2.94, bright enough for its reflected light to cast shadows, and making it on average the third-brightest object in the night sky after the Moon and Venus.  - Prometheus the Fire-Bringer (Ancient Greek:  , "Promtheús Pyrphóros") was probably the final play in the "Prometheia" trilogy traditionally ascribed to the 5th century BC Greek tragedian Aeschylus.  - Ancient Greek religion encompasses the collection of beliefs, rituals, and mythology originating in ancient Greece in the form of both popular public religion and cult practices. These groups varied enough for it to be possible to speak of Greek religions or "cults" in the plural, though most of them shared similarities.  - Greek mythology is the body of myths and teachings that belong to the ancient Greeks, concerning their gods and heroes, the nature of the world, and the origins and significance of their own cult and ritual practices. It was a part of the religion in ancient Greece. Modern scholars refer to and study the myths in an attempt to shed light on the religious and political institutions of Ancient Greece and its civilization, and to gain understanding of the nature of myth-making itself.  - In the Vedas, Indra is the king of Svarga and the Devas . He is the god of lightning, thunder, storms, rains and river flows. Indra is the most referred to deity in the "Rigveda". He is celebrated for his powers, and the one who kills the great symbolic evil named Vritra who obstructs human prosperity and happiness. Indra destroys Vritra and his "deceiving forces", and thereby brings rains and the sunshine as the friend of mankind. His importance diminishes in the post-Vedic Indian literature where he is depicted as a powerful hero but one who is getting in trouble with his drunken, hedonistic and adulterous ways, and the god who disturbs Hindu monks as they meditate because he fears self-realized human beings may become more powerful than him.  - In linguistics, cognates are words that have a common etymological origin. In etymology, the "cognate" category excludes doublets and loanwords. The word "cognate" derives from the Latin noun "cognatus", which means "blood relative".  - Zeus ("Zeús", ; Modern , "Días" ) was the sky and thunder god in ancient Greek religion, who ruled as king of the gods of Mount Olympus. His name is cognate with the first element of his Roman equivalent Jupiter. His mythologies and powers are similar, though not identical to those of the Indo-European deities such as Indra, Jupiter, Perun, Thor, and Odin.  - Ancient Greek includes the forms of Greek used in ancient Greece and the ancient world from around the 9th century BC to the 6th century AD. It is often roughly divided into the Archaic period (9th to 6th centuries BC), Classical period (5th and 4th centuries BC), and Hellenistic period (3rd century BC to the 6th century AD). It is antedated in the second millennium BC by Mycenaean Greek.  - Prometheus Unbound ( Ancient Greek :   , Promtheus Lyomenos ) is a fragmentary play by the Greek poet Aeschylus , concerned with the torments of the Greek mythological figure Prometheus who defies the gods and gives fire to humanity ( theft of fire ) , for which he is subjected to eternal punishment and suffering at the hands of Zeus . It inspired the play of the same title by Percy Bysshe Shelley . It is thought to have followed Prometheus Bound in the Prometheia trilogy attributed to the 5th - century BC Greek tragedian Aeschylus . The text of the Unbound survives only in eleven fragments preserved by later authors . Nevertheless , these fragments , combined with prophetic statements made in the first play of the trilogy , allow the reconstruction of a broad outline . A lengthy fragment translated into Latin by the Roman statesman Cicero indicates that the play would have opened with Prometheus visited by a chorus of Titans . Though Zeus had imprisoned them in Tartarus at the conclusion of the Titanomachy , he has at long last granted them clemency . This perhaps foreshadows Zeus 's eventual reconciliation with Prometheus in the trilogy 's third installment . Prometheus complains about his torment just as he had to the chorus of Oceanids in Prometheus Bound . As the dramatis personae of Prometheus Bound erroneously lists Gaea , it has been suggested that she is next to visit Prometheus in this play , in a sympathetic role that echoes Oceanus ' turn in the first play . Finally , the faulty dramatis personae mentioned above and several fragments indicate that Heracles visits the Titan just as Io had in Prometheus Bound . Heracles frees Prometheus from his chains and kills the eagle that had been torturing Prometheus by eating his regenerating liver every day . Again mirroring events in the previous play , Prometheus forecasts Heracles ' travels as he concludes his Twelve Labours . The play thus concludes with Prometheus free from the torments of Zeus , but the Titan and Olympian have yet to reconcile . This...  - Thunder is the sound caused by lightning. Depending on the distance and nature of the lightning, thunder can range from a sharp, loud crack to a long, low rumble (brontide). The sudden increase in pressure and temperature from lightning produces rapid expansion of the air surrounding and within a bolt of lightning. In turn, this expansion of air creates a sonic shock wave, similar to a sonic boom, which produces the sound of thunder, often referred to as a "clap", "crack", "peal of thunder", or "boom".  - Aeschylus (or ; "Aiskhulos" c. 525/524  c. 456/455 BC) was an ancient Greek tragedian. He is often described as the father of tragedy. Academics' knowledge of the genre begins with his work, and understanding of earlier tragedies is largely based on inferences from his surviving plays. According to Aristotle, he expanded the number of characters in theater allowing conflict among them; characters previously had interacted only with the chorus.  - Prometheus ( meaning "forethought") is a Titan in Greek mythology, best known as the deity in Greek mythology who was the creator of mankind and its greatest benefactor, who stole fire from Mount Olympus and gave it to mankind.  - The Oresteia is a trilogy of Greek tragedies written by Aeschylus concerning the murder of Agamemnon by Clytaemnestra, the murder of Clytaemnestra by Orestes, the trial of Orestes, the end of the curse on the House of Atreus and pacification of the Erinyes. This trilogy also shows how the Greek gods interacted with the characters and influenced their decisions pertaining to events and disputes. The only extant example of an ancient Greek theater trilogy, the "Oresteia" won first prize at the Dionysia festival in 458 BC. Many consider the "Oresteia" to be Aeschylus' finest work. The principal themes of the trilogy include the contrast between revenge and justice, as well as the transition from personal vendetta to organized litigation. "Orestia" originally included a satyr play "Proteus" following the tragic trilogy, but all except a single line of "Proteus" has been lost.  - The Prometheia is a trilogy of plays about the titan Prometheus. It was attributed in Antiquity to the 5th-century BC Greek tragedian Aeschylus. Though an Alexandrian catalogue of Aeschylean play titles designates the trilogy "Hoi Prometheis" ("the Prometheuses"), in modern scholarship the trilogy has been designated the "Prometheia" to mirror the title of Aeschylus' only extant trilogy, the "Oresteia". Unlike the "Oresteia", only one play from this trilogy"Prometheus Bound"survives. Inasmuch as the authorship of "Prometheus Bound" continues to be debated, the very existence of a Prometheus trilogy is uncertain. To the extent that modern scholars postulate the existence of such a trilogy by a single author, the consensus holds that it comprised "Prometheus Bound", "Prometheus Unbound", and "Prometheus the Fire-Bringer", in that order.  - In Norse mythology, Thor (from Old Norse Þórr) is a hammer-wielding god associated with thunder, lightning, storms, oak trees, strength, the protection of mankind, and also hallowing and fertility. The cognate deity in wider Germanic mythology and paganism was known in Old English as Þunor and in Old High German as Donar (runic þonar ), stemming from a Common Germanic *Þunraz (meaning "thunder").  - In Germanic mythology, Odin (from Old Norse Óðinn) is a widely revered god. In Norse mythology, from which stems most of the information about the god, Odin is associated with healing, death, royalty, the gallows, knowledge, battle, sorcery, poetry, frenzy, and the runic alphabet, and is the husband of the goddess Frigg. In wider Germanic mythology and paganism, Odin was known in Old English as Wden, in Old Saxon as Wdan, and in Old High German as Wuotan or Wtan, all stemming from the reconstructed Proto-Germanic theonym wanaz.  - Prometheus Bound ("Promtheus Desmts") is an Ancient Greek tragedy. In antiquity, it was attributed to Aeschylus, but now is considered by some scholars to be the work of another hand, and perhaps one as late as c. 430 BC. Despite these doubts of authorship, the play's designation as Aeschylean has remained conventional. The tragedy is based on the myth of Prometheus, a Titan who defies the gods and gives fire to mankind, acts for which he is subjected to perpetual punishment.  - In polytheistic systems there is a tendency for one divinity, usually male, to achieve pre-eminence as King of the Gods. This tendency is paralleled with the growth of hierarchical systems of political power, in which a monarch eventually comes to assume ultimate authority for human affairs. Other gods come to serve in a Divine Council or pantheon, usually linked by family ties from union of a single husband or wife, or else from an androgynous divinity who is responsible for the creation.    What object entity has the relation of 'genre' with the subject 'prometheus unbound '?   Choices: - biology  - child  - classical period  - ethics  - family  - genre  - greek mythology  - greek tragedy  - information  - linguistics  - literature  - mass  - metaphysics  - mythology  - nature  - norse mythology  - philosophy  - play  - religion  - theater  - tragedy  - western  - zoology