Summarize this article:

(CNN) -- While the United Nations' Security Council wrangled over growing tensions in the Korean peninsula, South Korea ordered thousands to find shelter in preparation for the South's planned live-fire military exercises, which could take place within hours, the military announced. 
  
 In South Korea, an approximate 8,000 residents have been ordered to take cover in Yeonpyeong, Baengnyeong, Daecheong, Socheong and Udo as the hours draw closer to South Korea's military drill, scheduled to take place at 11 p.m. EST Sunday, 1 p.m. Monday local time. 
  
 North Korea said over the weekend that the planned exercises were designed to violate the armistice that ended the Korean War in 1953 and "ignite war at any cost." 
  
 See more of CNN.com's special coverage of the Koreas 
  
 At the United Nations, nearly eight hours of emergency Security Council talks on the standoff ended Sunday without a unified statement. 
  
 Susan Rice, the U.S. Ambassador to the United States said Sunday that council members still cannot bridge any difference over North Korea's November 23rd attack on Yeonpyeong island. Four South Koreans were killed in the attack. The United States has publicly condemned the attacks by the Communist north and insists on South Korea's right to conduct its scheduled military drill. 
  
 "The planned exercises are fully consistent with South Korea's legal right to self-defense," Rice said. 
  
 "It has been done and notified transparently, responsibly, and will not occur in a fashion that we believe gives North Korea any excuse to respond in the fashion that it has threatened to do." 
  
 Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin -- who called for the emergency session over the weekend to defuse the crisis -- warned darkly that the world could be faced with a "serious conflict" within hours, and that the international community has "no game plan on the diplomatic side." 
  
 "Within hours there may be a serious aggravation of tension -- a serious conflict, for that matter," he said. 
  
 Churkin told reporters that Moscow continues to call for restraint on both sides, but said the Security Council had been "not entirely successful" in reaching consensus among its 15 members. He disclosed few details of the session, but said members disagreed over whether to include a condemnation of the North Korean shelling, which left four dead. 
  
 Across the Demilitarized Zone, the heavily fortified border set up by the 1953 armistice, South Korean workers were being barred from entering the Kaesong Industrial Complex, the country's Unification Ministry reported. The factory district is the last remnant of South Korea's "Sunshine Policy" of encouraging links with the communist North. 
  
 Bill Richardson, the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said Monday he was "extremely worried" that North Korea will respond militarily to the exercises. 
  
 Richardson has been meeting with high-level officials on an unofficial, four-day trip to North Korea. 
  
 Russia requested Sunday's emergency Security Council meeting and proposed a draft statement, proposing amendments which Western nations said would place more of the blame on North Korea, diplomats said. But they said the major holdout was China, the North's closest ally, which refuses to agree on any statement that even mentions the Yeonpyeong shelling. 
  
 Russia and China, both permanent Security Council members, have asked South Korea to reconsider its planned drills. Sunday's closed-door session was held with representatives of both North and South Korea present and speaking. 
  
 Earlier, a South Korean military official told the country's state-run Yonhap news agency that Seoul would not be deterred by threats from the North. 
  
 "The planned firing drill is part of the usual exercises conducted by our troops based on Yeonpyeong Island. The drill can be justifiable, as it will occur within our territorial waters," the official said. 
  
 Tensions between the two Koreas have been high since the North fired upon the island last month, killing two marines and two civilians. The South Korean military had said Thursday that the exercises would take place in the seas southwest of the island between December 18 and 21, but adverse weather forced a delay Saturday. 
  
 "We won't take into consideration North Korean threats and diplomatic situations before holding the live-fire drill. If weather permits, it will be held as scheduled," the military official said. 
  
 Meanwhile, North Korea was beefing up its military forces on its west coast ahead of the South's planned drills, Yonhap reported, citing a South Korean government official. 
  
 "The North Korean artillery unit along the Yellow Sea has raised its preparedness level," the source said. 
  
 Yeonpyeong is located in the Yellow Sea, just south of the Northern Limit Line -- the maritime boundary drawn in 1953 by the United Nations just after the Korean War. The line is three nautical miles from the North Korean coast. 
  
 In the absence of a full peace agreement between the two Koreas, the Northern Limit Line remains in place. North Korea has suggested an alternative line, but South Korea has resisted, as it would bring the North's maritime boundary close to Incheon, a main port. 
  
 A North Korean spokesman over the weekend said that the planned military exercises were a "sinister design" to violate the Korea Armistice Agreement and "ignite war at any cost." 
  
 "The shelling to be perpetrated by the puppet forces of south Korea at last, trespassing on the prohibiting line would make it impossible to prevent the situation on the Korean Peninsula from exploding and escape its ensuing disaster," the spokesman said, according to North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency. 
  
 North Korea blamed the United States for allegedly egging on the South Koreans. 
  
 North Korea "will force the U.S. to pay dearly for all the worst situations prevailing on the peninsula and its ensuing consequences," the spokesman said. 
  
 CNN's Jiyeon Lee in Seoul and Richard Roth and Whitney Hurst at the United Nations contributed to this report. ||||| Yeonpyeong Island, South Korea (CNN) -- Amid South Korean plans to hold live-fire military drills this week and North Korean threats of retaliation, many residents of Yeonpyeong Island are evacuating, afraid of being caught in the middle. 
  
 Villagers streamed onto what they believed was the last ferry to Incheon, South Korea, on Sunday, carrying what belongings they could. Some were holding their children as others helped the elderly. 
  
 "I'm leaving because they said the drills are tomorrow," said Kim Ok Jin, 66. 
  
 Kim said the island was once a good place to live and she does not want to leave. 
  
 "Of course I'm angry," she said. "But that's not going to change anything." 
  
 See more of CNN.com's special coverage of the Koreas 
  
 Many Yeonpyeong residents are evacuating for a second time. This time, however, they have warning. On November 23, they had none before North Korea began shelling the island. Two civilians and two South Korean Marines died in the attack. 
  
 The South Korean military said Thursday that its drills will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island between December 18 and 21, but bad weather forced a delay Saturday. South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported the drills will take place Monday or Tuesday in the Yellow Sea off the island. 
  
 As villagers departed, few signs of life remained on the island -- only military trucks patrolling and waiting for possible North Korean retaliation for the drills. 
  
 Not everyone on Yeonpyeong, however, was leaving. Song Young Ok said she has not been told to stop selling tickets for the ferry off the island, and doesn't know when the military drills will take place. 
  
 Song said she is planning to stay put, holed up along with others in a military bunker. 
  
 She said she doesn't know why it has to be this way -- if South Korea carries out the drills, North Korea has threatened to retaliate even more strongly. South Korea's insistence on conducting the drills is picking a fight, she said. 
  
 Others were more optimistic. "It's OK," said ferry passenger Lee Chun Nyeo, 83. "The soldiers need to do (the exercises), right?" 
  
 Yeonpyeong is located just south of the Northern Limit Line, the line drawn in 1953 by the United Nations just after the Korean War. The U.N. drew the line three nautical miles from the North Korean coast and put five islands close to the coast under South Korean control. 
  
 That was supposed to be a temporary arrangement. But in the absence of a full peace agreement, the Northern Limit Line remains in place. 
  
 North Korea has suggested an alternative line, but South Korea has resisted, as it would bring the North's maritime boundary close to Incheon, a main port. 
  
 Waters in the Yellow Sea are important for fishing and crab. For North Korean fishermen especially, the blue crab season between June and September is an important source of income. Crabs have a habit of migrating south during that time, so the water is sometimes crowded with boats from both countries, as well as vessels from China. However, the Yellow Sea has seen armed clashes in the past few years, the most serious of them in 1999 and 2002. 
  
 China and Russia have asked South Korea to reconsider holding the drills. Russia called for an emergency meeting of the U.N. Security Council on Sunday. 
  
 CNN's Tim Lister contributed to this report. |||||

Summary: