(CNN) They destroy like swarms of locusts, breed like rabbits, and are masters of disguise. 
  
 Multiple species of armyworm moths are laying waste to vast tracts of farmland across southern Africa. In their larval stage, the inch-long pests have destroyed thousands of hectares of crops in Zimbabwe, Zambia, and Malawi -- threatening food security and livelihoods in a region still reeling from a devastating spell of drought 
  
 As the insects continue to multiply and spread, national governments and aid agencies are struggling to contain them. 
  
 Native and alien species 
  
 Zimbabwe is currently the worst affected country. 
  
 The UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) reports that armyworms are present in seven of the country's eight provinces, with estimates of 70% crop destruction in some areas. 
  
 The outbreak includes both the native African armyworm (Spodoptera exempta) and the fall armyworm (Spodoptera frugiperda) -- a non-indigenous, or alien, species that originated in the Americas and is even more destructive. 
  
 "This is affecting almost every maize farm that uses irrigation," says Dr. Godfrey Chikwenhere, chief entomologist at Zimbabwe's Ministry of Agriculture. "We cannot assess the total cost yet." 
  
 The fall armyworm escapes detection by burrowing inside maize stems, says Chikwenhere, whereas local farmers are used to looking for the caterpillar on the outside of plants. 
  
 The invasive species can lay six generations of around 50 eggs in a single location, leading to rapid colonization and destruction of territory. 
  
 The Zimbabwean government is circulating information and pesticides among farmers to help them combat the threat, but faces a long struggle to turn back the tide. 
  
 The fall armyworm is devastating Zimbabwe's maize crop, exacerbating the damage caused by a severe recent drought. 
  
 Zambia deploys the air force 
  
 Neighboring Zambia has taken drastic measures to halt the march of the armyworm, which gets its name from the large, army-like groups it forms when on the move. 
  
 Over 100,000 hectares of farmland have been infested, and the government has dispatched army planes to spray the affected areas with pesticides. Officials are confident of success. 
  
 "We have managed to contain the outbreak," says Peter Lungu, head of the technical services at Zambia's Ministry of Agriculture. "A number of government agencies and departments are collaborating and we have disaster management units providing chemicals and safety materials." 
  
 Intensive surveillance is ongoing and Zambia remains vulnerable to invasive pests, according to Moses Mwale, director of the Zambia Agricultural Research Institute. 
  
 "We can only deal with an outbreak once it has happened," he says. "We cannot eliminate such outbreaks in future but we must be constantly on the lookout... and we need to be sure that all international airports are properly equipped to inspect plant products coming from outside and scientists are properly trained to do the surveillance." 
  
 Zambia is using its air force against the pests. 
  
 Out of control? 
  
 Outbreaks of different strains of armyworm have also been reported in Namibia and Malawi -- where the government recently reported the destruction of 2,000 hectares of maize. 
  
 "Any one of the outbreaks could potentially have a devastating impact on food security," says Dr Chimimba David Phiri, FAO Subregional Coordinator for Southern Africa, highlighting the knock-on effect after a recent severe drought that left 40 million people dependent on aid . Maize is a staple food crop in southern Africa and a poor, worm-affected harvest is likely to have serious effects. 
  
 Phiri adds that the fall armyworm in Zimbabwe represents the greatest threat, particularly if it spreads to further crops. 
  
 "If it spreads across large areas of Zimbabwe and even beyond we have major concerns," he says. "So far we have not heard about problems with [Zimbabwe's] sugar plantations, which could be economically devastating." 
  
 Hard to kill 
  
 The fall armyworms moths are born survivors, according to Georg Goergen, an entomologist at the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture who is a long-time researcher of the species. 
  
 "This species is the number one pest of the Americas," he says. "We saw it last year in Nigeria and Togo and it has spread much faster than expected." 
  
 In North America the species migrates over huge distances, from Florida in the South to Canada in the North, and Goergen expects them to spread further in Africa. 
  
 "The next step will be countries such as Kenya and Tanzania... I don't know if it can cross the Sahara." 
  
 The entomologist is involved with research efforts to find an effective pesticide to control the caterpillars. He says the existing chemicals being used in Africa are unlikely to succeed. 
  
 In the US, genetically modified crops have been used to combat them, although they have developed defences 
  
 As the armyworm crisis deepens, the search for a solution is at risk of becoming desperate. ||||| The new pest - fall army worm. Photo © Ministry of Agriculture, Mechanisation and Irrigation Development, Zimbabwe. 
  
 3 February 2017, Harare – A fall armyworm outbreak, the first emergence of the pest in southern Africa, is causing considerable crop damage in some countries. If the pest damage aggravates, it could dampen prospects for good crop harvests that is anticipated in the current farming season. Maize, a staple food in the region has been the most affected, as well as other cereals including sorghum, millet and wheat. 
  
 Southern Africa is reeling from the effects of two consecutive years of El Nino-induced drought that affected over 40 million people, reduced food availability by 15 percent and caused a cereal deficit of 9 million tonnes. 
  
 The FAO Subregional Coordinator for southern Africa, David Phiri, said that the situation was constantly evolving. “The situation remains fluid. Preliminary reports indicate possible presence (of the pest) in Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Zambia and Zimbabwe. Zimbabwe has positively identified the presence of the pest while the rest are expected to release test results soon," he said. 
  
 In Zambia, the Government has already spent US$ 3 million in an attempt to control the pest that has affected approximately 130 000 hectares of crops. However, the full extent of the damage in the country and other affected countries, is yet to be established. The pest which primarily spreads through wind dispersal and host plant products, is reported to be still active. The affected countries are also in different stages of assessing the damage to the crops because the outbreaks did not occur simultaneously. 
  
 Fall armyworm is a relatively new pest from the Americas, whose presence on the African continent was first reported in Sao Tome and Principe around January 2016. The pest is known to cause extensive crop losses of up to 73 percent depending on existing conditions and is difficult to control with a single type of pesticide, especially when it has reached an advanced larval development stage. 
  
 Emergency Regional Meeting to shape coordinated action 
  
 FAO, in partnership with the Southern African Development Committee (SADC) and the International Red Locust Control Organization for Central and Southern Africa (IRLCO-CSA), is organizing an Emergency Regional Meeting of key stakeholders from 14 to 16 February 2017 in Harare, Zimbabwe. 
  
 “Southern Africa is currently facing serious threats posed by diverse transboundary pests and diseases, including the varied armyworms, locusts, the tomato leaf minor and maize lethal necrosis disease. The Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza, H5N8 strain, that has been confirmed to be in Uganda and possibly Rwanda too, is likely to spread southwards, along the wild bird migration routes”, said David Phiri. 
  
 The Harare meeting will discuss the strengthening of surveillance, preparedness and coordinated emergency responses to transboundary crop pests and livestock diseases, including the fall armyworm infestation. It will also discuss control strategies and measures and provide a platform for sharing experiences and valuable lessons. 
  
 The meeting is being organized with funding availed to FAO by the Africa Solidarity Trust Fund, United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the United Kingdom’s Department for International Development (DFiD). 
  
 Developing capacities for rapid response 
  
 As the region faces up to these new and emerging challenges, that are threatening the livelihoods of over 70 percent of the population that depend on agriculture, there is a crucial need to enhance capacity at country and regional levels, to prevent, detect and respond rapidly to any new pests and diseases threat. 
  
 “The countries need to maintain and, where needed, expand diagnostic laboratory, surveillance and response capacity as well as conduct assessments and research to enable rapid responses to recurrent and new threats”, said David Phiri. 
  
 FAO is working with governments, the SADC and other stakeholders to develop and roll out an appropriate strategy to determine the level of fall armyworm infestation and its impact on crop production. The organization will continue supporting response efforts as well as contribute to enhancing the resilience capacity of the countries and stakeholders in the region. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?