Here is a news article: (CNN) -- He had been on the run for four decades. He escaped from prison when Richard Nixon was in the White House, joined the Black Liberation Army in Detroit, hijacked a plane and (in)famously demanded that FBI agents deliver ransom money in bathing suits. And they did. 
  
 Now, after a manhunt spanning three continents that often appeared to run cold, the FBI has finally found George Wright. 
  
 At age 68, he was living quietly in the resort of Sintra near Lisbon in Portugal when he was arrested Monday. 
  
 The United States is seeking his extradition from Portugal to serve the remainder of a 15- to 30-year sentence for murder. Portuguese judicial authorities could not be reached Tuesday for details of the extradition process. 
  
 Wright is fighting extradition, a U.S. federal agent said, and his next court appearance in Portugal is in about two weeks. 
  
 Wright's life story reads like an international crime novel. In 1962, at the age of 19, he and three associates carried out a series of robberies in New Jersey. Wright and another man shot and killed a World War II veteran in a gas station robbery in Farmingdale. 
  
 He was arrested soon afterward and, after pleading no defense, was sentenced to 15 to 30 years in prison. But in 1970, Wright escaped from Bayside State Prison in Leesburg, New Jersey, reportedly stealing the warden's car to make his getaway. 
  
 Wright made his way to Detroit, then a hotbed of militant black politics, and joined the Black Liberation Army. (He is also reputed to have made some money during this period as a part-time model, using an alias.) 
  
 On July 31, 1972, Wright and four other members of the Black Liberation Army went to Detroit airport and boarded Delta Flight 841 for Miami. Wright was dressed as a priest and carried a handgun in a hollowed-out Bible. 
  
 Airport security was different in those days. Various Palestinian groups were hijacking planes regularly, as were individuals keen to go to Cuba. Altogether, the U.S. Department of Transportation recorded 364 hijackings worldwide between 1968 and 1972: more than one a week on average. 
  
 The hijackers of Delta 841 -- three men and two women accompanied by three children -- seized the plane as it approached Miami. The FBI says "subsequent investigation identified Wright as one of the hijackers." 
  
 Once on the ground, the hijackers demanded that FBI agents dressed only in bathing suits deliver $1 million ransom to the plane. They wanted to be sure the agents were not carrying guns. The money was duly delivered by the scantily clad agents. 
  
 The hijackers allowed the 88 passengers off but kept the flight crew on board and ordered that the plane fly to Boston. With the addition of an extra navigator (wearing swim trunks and a shirt), the DC-8 was refueled there and flew on to Algiers. 
  
 Algeria in the early 1970s was run by a hard-line socialist government that was no friend of the United States and allowed various dissidents, militants and alleged terrorists to take sanctuary there. A leading member of the Black Panthers, Eldridge Cleaver, had been welcomed as a political refugee there in 1968 after jumping bail in California. 
  
 The Algerian government confiscated and returned the $1 million in ransom money to the U.S., but Wright and his associates melted away. Some of the hijackers were arrested in Paris in 1976, but for decades, there was no trace of Wright. 
  
 Then, nine years ago, a fugitive investigator with the New Jersey Department of Corrections working with the U.S. Marshals Service got a lead. Officials won't comment on reports that Wright had begun to contact relatives in the United States. 
  
 Juan Mattos, U.S. marshal for the District of New Jersey, said: "Over the course of nine years, their tenacious resolve has proven to be very powerful in seeking justice and closure for the victims." 
  
 And in a press release Tuesday, Michael Ward of the FBI's Newark Division said the case should "serve notice that the FBI's determination in pursuing subjects will not diminish over time or distance." 
  
 At the time of the hijacking, there was limited screening of passengers at U.S. airports. This screening system did not require every passenger to be examined, only those who met a profile established by the Federal Aviation Administration. 
  
 After the Algiers flight and several hijackings that turned violent, the Nixon administration instructed the FAA to adopt emergency regulations to improve screening. At the end of 1972, the FAA ordered airports to ensure that all passengers and their carry-on baggage be inspected before boarding. 
  
 CNN's Emily Smith contributed to this report. ||||| A convicted killer who escaped a New Jersey prison in 1970 and hijacked a U.S. airliner two years later while dressed as a priest has been captured in Portugal after more than 40 years as a fugitive, authorities said Tuesday. 
  
 This arrest photo taken Feb. 15, 1963 and provided by the New Jersey Department of Corrections shows George Wright while in custody for the 1962 murder of a gas station owner in Wall, N.J. Wright was... (Associated Press) 
  
 George Wright was arrested Monday by Portuguese authorities in a town near Lisbon at the request of the U.S. government, the head of the FBI's New Jersey office said. 
  
 Wright was convicted of the 1962 murder of a gas station owner in Wall, N.J. Authorities say Wright and three associates had already committed multiple armed robberies on Nov. 23, 1962, when he and another man shot and killed Walter Patterson, a decorated World War II veteran and father of two, during a robbery of the Collingswood Esso gas station in Wall. 
  
 He received a 15- to 30-year sentence and had served eight years when he and three other men escaped from the Bayside State Prison in Leesburg, N.J., on Aug. 19, 1970. 
  
 The FBI says Wright became affiliated with an underground militant group, the Black Liberation Army, and in 1972 he and his associates hijacked a Delta Air Lines flight from Detroit to Miami _ and on to Algeria. 
  
 The group lived as a "communal family" together in Detroit before the hijacking, according to Associated Press reports at the time. 
  
 News reports said Wright, then 29, dressed as a priest and used the alias the Rev. L. Burgess to board Delta Air Lines Flight 841 on July 31, 1972, accompanied by three men, two women and three small children. 
  
 When the plane landed at the Miami airport, the hijackers demanded a $1 million ransom _ the highest of its kind at the time _ to free the 86 people on board. After an FBI agent delivered the money, the passengers were released, according to AP accounts. 
  
 The hijackers then forced the plane to Boston, where an international navigator was taken aboard, and the group flew on to Algeria, where the hijackers sought asylum. 
  
 The group was taken in by Eldridge Cleaver, the American writer and activist, who had been permitted by Algeria's Socialist government to open an office of the Black Panther Movement in that country in 1970, after the Algerian president at the time professed sympathy for what he viewed as worldwide liberation struggles. 
  
 Algerian officials returned the plane and the money to the U.S. at the request of the American government, and briefly detained the hijackers before letting them stay. Coverage of the hijackers' stay in Algeria said their movements were restricted, and the president ignored their calls for asylum and requests to return them the ransom money. 
  
 Wright's associates were eventually tracked down, arrested, tried and convicted in Paris in 1976. 
  
 Wright was the last remaining fugitive, and his case was among the top priorities when the New York-New Jersey Fugitive Task Force was formed in 2002, according to Michael Schroeder, a spokesman for the U.S. Marshals Service. The Department of Corrections brought along all its old escape cases nine years ago when the task force began operating, Schroeder said. 
  
 The investigators started the case anew, he said, and for nine years never took a prolonged break from working on it. 
  
 They looked at reports from the 1970s, interviewed Wright's victims and the pilots of the plane he hijacked. They had age-enhanced sketches made and tried to track down any communications he may have made with family in the U.S. 
  
 The address in Portugal was one of several on a list of places they wanted to check out. But Schroeder said there was nothing about it that made it seem especially promising. "It was another box to get checked, so to speak," he said. 
  
 That changed last week, when details started falling into place with the help of authorities there. 
  
 "They have a national ID registry," he said. "They pulled that. That confirmed his print matched the prints with the DOC. The sketch matched the picture on his ID card." 
  
 By the weekend, U.S. authorities were on a plane to Portugal. And Monday, Portuguese police staking out his home found him. 
  
 Schroeder said he has not been told what, if anything, Wright said when he was caught. 
  
 U.S. authorities are trying to have him sent back to New Jersey. Until then, he said, it's not clear whether U.S. law enforcers will be able to interview him. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Associated Press writers Geoff Mulvihill in Trenton, N.J., and Associated Press News Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York contributed to this report. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Follow Samantha Henry at http://www.twitter.com/SamanthaHenry. |||||
A summary of this is?