Write a summary based on this article:

Play Facebook 
  
 Twitter 
  
 Embed FBI: Chattanooga Gunman Was a ‘Homegrown Violent Extremist’ 1:56 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog 
  
 At least one military service member opened fire on the Chattanooga gunman in the opening seconds of his attack on a Navy and Marines center last week, an FBI investigator revealed on Wednesday. 
  
 The service member got off several rounds but was unable to stop the gunman, who fired at the building, then charged inside and kept shooting, said Ed Reinhold, special agent in charge of the bureau’s Knoxville office. 
  
 In a chilling timeline, Reinhold described how the gunman, identified as Muhammad Youssuf Abdulazeez, moved through the building and shot people as he encountered them, then ran out the back and kept firing. 
  
 Four Marines and a Navy petty officer were killed before Chattanooga police shot and killed Abdulazeez. Four of the service members died outside, in a motor pool area behind the building, and one died inside, Reinhold said. 
  
 It all took less than five minutes. 
  
 Reinhold said the FBI was treating the gunman as a “homegrown violent extremist,” and he said investigators believe he had no help in executing the attack. But he said it was too early to determine whether Abdulazeez was radicalized. 
  
 Mohammad Youssuf Adbulazeez Hamilton County Sheriffs Office via AP 
  
 Investigators have focused on a trip to Jordan last year by Abdulazeez, and an uncle has been detained there, according to his lawyer. 
  
 NBC News reported on Tuesday that Abdulazeez downloaded audio recordings of Anwar al-Awlaki, a radical cleric and al Qaeda recruiter killed by an American drone strike in 2011. 
  
 A family representative has told NBC News that Abdulazeez had been in a three-day downward spiral before the attack, suffered from depression and had thoughts of suicide. 
  
 The Navy and Marines center was the second target of Abdulazeez’s rampage. Minutes earlier, he had unloaded dozens of rounds into the doors of a military recruiting station about seven miles away. 
  
 In the chaos at the Navy and Marines center, two service members “attempted to provide cover” and help people escape, Reinhold said. 
  
 And a Marine commander, Maj. Gen. Paul W. Brier, said that Marines went room to room to shepherd their fellow service members to safety, and that some “willingly ran back into the fight.” 
  
 "When history records what happened in Chattanooga last week," he said, "it won’t be remembered for the heinous actions of one individual. The legacy of that day is one of valor — a day of American strength.” 
  
 Reinhold said that the service member fired on Abdulazeez after he crashed the gates of the Navy and Marines center and got out of his car carrying an assault rifle, a handgun and ammunition. 
  
 Investigators will have to wait for autopsy results to determine whether the service member hit Abdulazeez, Reinhold said. 
  
 Play Facebook 
  
 Twitter 
  
 Embed FBI Provides Timeline of Chattanooga Attack 1:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog 
  
 Authorities said that two weapons belonging to service members were found at the scene, but they offered no details on the nature of those weapons. At least one of those two weapons was fired at the gunman. 
  
 The military plans to increase security at recruiting stations and reserve centers because of the attack, but those plans do not include arming personnel at off-base facilities like the ones attacked in Chattanooga. 
  
 Besides the two weapons belonging to service members, investigators at the scene found two guns belonging to Abdulazeez and one in his car, Reinhold said. All five service members were killed with bullets from the same gun, he said. ||||| CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) — Twenty Marines and two Navy corpsman were in the middle of an otherwise mundane task, just checking their equipment after a training mission, when the silver Mustang convertible came barreling through the gates of the reserve center on the banks of the Tennessee River. 
  
 Maj. Gen. Paul W. Brier, commander of the 4th Marine Division, speaks at a news conference in Chattanooga, Tenn., on Wednesday, July 22, 2015, about the shootings that left four Marines and one sailor... (Associated Press) 
  
 FBI Special Agent in Charge Ed Reinhold speaks at a news conference in Chattanooga, Tenn., on Wednesday, July 22, 2015, about the shootings that left four Marines and one sailor dead. Investigators said... (Associated Press) 
  
 FBI Special Agent in Charge Ed Reinhold speaks at a news conference in Chattanooga, Tenn., on Wednesday, July 22, 2015, about the shootings that left four Marines one sailor dead. Investigators said they... (Associated Press) 
  
 Rear Adm. Mary M. Jackson, the commander of the Navy Southeast Region, speaks at a news conference in Chattanooga, Tenn., on Wednesday, July 22, 2015, about the shootings that left four Marines one sailor... (Associated Press) 
  
 The driver blasted his way through that facility for the next three to five minutes, officials said during a Wednesday news conference that provided the most complete account yet of how four Marines and a sailor were killed. The shooter's motives remain unclear to investigators, even nearly a week later. 
  
 Muhammad Abdulazeez made his first stop at a military recruiting office about 7 miles away, sending recruiters there scrambling for cover from the hail of gunfire that left the front windows pocked with bullet holes. Abdulazeez never left the driver's seat, staying only briefly before moving to his next target. 
  
 After plowing his rented car through the gates, and with Chattanooga Police chasing close behind, the gunman got out of the car and stormed into the building. He was ready for a shootout: Abdulazeez wore a vest with extra ammunition. One gun was found in his vehicle; an assault rifle and a handgun were found on him. 
  
 A service member inside the building saw Abdulazeez approaching and fired at him. The gunman shot back and then proceeded inside. 
  
 Once inside, he fatally wounded Petty Officer 2nd Class Randall Smith and "continued to shoot those he encountered," FBI Knoxville Special Agent in Charge Ed Reinhold said at a news conference. 
  
 As police followed the gunshots, he then walked out the back door into a gated motor pool area, where troops tried to scramble over a fence to safety. It was there that the remaining four were killed: Staff Sgt. David Wyatt, Sgt. Carson Holmquist, Gunnery Sgt. Thomas Sullivan and Lance Cpl. Squire Wells. 
  
 When the shooting first started, troops inside the building went room to room to rush their colleagues to safety, said Maj. Gen. Paul W. Brier, commanding general of the 4th Marine Division. Then, some rushed back into the fight. 
  
 Two guns belonging to service members were recovered at the scene, he said; shots were fired from at least one. It's unclear if the gunman was hit by one of those weapons, Reinhold said. The military will investigate whether the service members were authorized to have those weapons. 
  
 In the motor pool area, two Marines tried to "provide cover" while their comrades tried to escape over the fence, Reinhold said. 
  
 Both Reinhold and Brier declined to elaborate further on how the troops engaged Abdulazeez. 
  
 "I can tell you that our Marines reacted the way you would expect," Brier said. 
  
 At one point, Abdulazeez tried to run back into the building. When he did, Chattanooga officers confronted him. A shootout erupted. One police officer was wounded; Abdulazeez was killed. 
  
 When asked about the possibility of friendly fire, Reinhold said it appears that all of the victims were killed by the same weapon. 
  
 Friends and neighbors recalled a happy, polite young man. But a picture has emerged showing Abdulazeez was troubled in his last days: He abused drugs and alcohol, stared down the possibility of bankruptcy and couldn't find a job. He failed a drug test in 2013, getting him fired from a job at a power plant, which prompted personal writings soon after lamenting what a failure he had been, according to his family. 
  
 An uncle in Jordan who agreed to host him in an effort to sober up Abdulazeez now is detained in that country, according to that man's attorney and a government official. 
  
 The Jordanian government official, who was not authorized to discuss the case and spoke on condition of anonymity, said investigators are trying to learn as much as they can about Abdulazeez's stay there. 
  
 Reinhold said only that the FBI would investigate every possibility and every relative, no matter where they are located. 
  
 "The uncle is a regular person, he has a company, he is a businessman, he has no relation with any militant group or organization," said Abed al-Kader Ahmad al-Khateeb, the attorney representing Asaad Ibrahim Asaad Haj Ali. "He cares about his work and his family, and Muhammad is just his relative, the son of his sister. That's it." 
  
 It is too early to determine whether Abdulazeez was "radicalized" before the attacks, Reinhold said. But when asked if Abdulazeez acted alone, Reinhold said he was currently being treated as a "homegrown violent extremist." 
  
 "We believe he acted on his own that day. ... We do not have any indication that anyone else was assisting him on that day." 
  
 ___ 
  
 Loller reported from Nashville. Associated Press writer Karin Laub contributed to this report from Amman, Jordan. |||||