Please answer the following question: Information:  - The United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS or FWS) is an agency of the federal government within the U.S. Department of the Interior which is dedicated to the management of fish, wildlife, and natural habitats. The mission of the agency is "working with others to conserve, protect, and enhance fish, wildlife, plants and their habitats for the continuing benefit of the American people."  - Block Island is part of the U.S. state of Rhode Island, named after the Dutch explorer Adriaen Block. It is located in the Atlantic Ocean about east of Montauk Point, Long Island, New York, and south of the coast of mainland Rhode Island, from which it is separated by Block Island Sound.  - The Atlantic Ocean is the second largest of the world's oceans with a total area of about . It covers approximately 20 percent of the Earth's surface and about 29 percent of its water surface area. It separates the "Old World" from the "New World".  - Rhode Island, officially the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. Rhode Island is the smallest in area, the eighth least populous, and the second most densely populated of the 50 U.S. states, following New Jersey. Its official name is also the longest of any state in the Union. Rhode Island is bordered by Connecticut to the west, Massachusetts to the north and east, and the Atlantic Ocean to the south via Rhode Island Sound and Block Island Sound. The state also shares a short maritime border with New York.  - There are more than 30 islands in the Bay; the three largest ones are Aquidneck Island, Conanicut Island, and Prudence Island. Bodies of water that are part of Narragansett Bay include the Sakonnet River, Mount Hope Bay, and the southern, tidal part of the Taunton River. The bay opens on Rhode Island Sound and the Atlantic Ocean; Block Island lies less than 20 miles (32 km) southwest of its opening. Narragansett Bay can be seen in NOAA chart 13221  - A strait is a naturally formed, narrow, typically navigable waterway that connects two larger bodies of water. Most commonly it is a channel of water that lies between two land masses. Some straits are not navigable, for example because they are too shallow, or because of an unnavigable reef or archipelago.  - Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge located just off the western coast of Orchid Island in the Indian River Lagoon east of Sebastian, Florida. The refuge consists of a island that includes an additional of surrounding water and is located off the east coast of Florida of the Indian River Lagoon. Established by an executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt on March 14, 1903, Pelican Island was the first national wildlife refuge in the United States. It was created to protect egrets and other birds from extinction through plume hunting.  - The protected areas of the United States are managed by an array of different federal, state, tribal and local level authorities and receive widely varying levels of protection. Some areas are managed as wilderness, while others are operated with acceptable commercial exploitation. , the 25,800 protected areas covered , or 14 percent of the land area of the United States. This is also one-tenth of the protected land area of the world. The U.S. also had a total of 787 National Marine Protected Areas, covering an additional , or 12 percent of the total marine area of the United States.  - A U.S. state is a constituent political entity of the United States of America. There are 50 states, which are bound together in a union with each other. Each state holds administrative jurisdiction over a defined geographic territory, and shares its sovereignty with the United States federal government. Due to the shared sovereignty between each state and the federal government, Americans are citizens of both the federal republic and of the state in which they reside. State citizenship and residency are flexible, and no government approval is required to move between states, except for persons covered by certain types of court orders (e.g., paroled convicts and children of divorced spouses who are sharing custody).  - Occupying a peninsula between the Sakonnet River and Rhode Island Sound , the 242 - acre ( 0.98 km2 ) Sachuest Point National Wildlife Refuge is a very popular site for the over 65,000 annual visitors each year . It is located in the southeasternmost part of the Town of Middletown . The refuge sports a newly renovated visitor center , over 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) of nature trails , viewing platforms , and a number of Refuge volunteers present to help visitors and to help in management of the refuge . Sachuest Point National Wildlife Refuge is renowned for its fantastic saltwater fishing , and the presence of the largest winter population of harlequin ducks on the East Coast . Once a horse racing area , then a Naval communications site , and now a National Wildlife Refuge , the area is steeped in history . From salt marsh and beach strand habitats to upland shrub dominated lands , the refuge supports over 200 bird species , with such notable occasional visitors such as the peregrine falcon , northern harrier , and the snowy owl . Sachuest Point , along with the four other National Wildlife Refuges in the State , is administered by the Rhode Island National Wildlife Refuge Complex , headquartered in Charlestown , Rhode Island . Sachuest Point National Wildlife Refuge was closed following Hurricane Sandy due to damage from the storm . The refuge reopened on May 1 , 2013 . As of September 2013 , the visitors center continues to operate with reduced hours due to the 2013 federal budget sequestration .  - Martha's Vineyard (Wampanoag: ) is an island located south of Cape Cod in Massachusetts, known for being an affluent summer colony. It includes the smaller Chappaquiddick Island, which is usually connected to the larger island, though storms and hurricanes have been known to separate both islands. The last such separation of the islands was in 2007, and as of April 2, 2015, the two islands are again connected.  - Theodore Roosevelt Jr. (; October 27, 1858  January 6, 1919) was an American statesman, author, explorer, soldier, naturalist, and reformer who served as the 26th President of the United States from 1901 to 1909. As a leader of the Republican Party during this time, he became a driving force for the Progressive Era in the United States in the early 20th century.  - Mount Hope Bay is a tidal estuary located at the mouth of the Taunton River on the Massachusetts and Rhode Island border. It is an arm of Narragansett Bay. The bay is named after Mount Hope, a small hill located on its western shore in what is now Bristol, Rhode Island. It flows into the East Passage of Narragansett Bay and also the Sakonnet River. Mount Hope Bay has played an important role to the history of the area, from pre-colonial times to the present. While many years of sewage and industrial pollution have severely degraded the quality of the shallow waters of the bay, there are currently major efforts underway to clean up and restore it.  - The Sakonnet River is a tidal strait, in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 23 km (14 mi) between Mount Hope Bay and Rhode Island Sound. It separates Aquidneck Island from the eastern portion of Newport County.  - Aquidneck Island, officially Rhode Island, is located in Narragansett Bay in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. The total land area is , which makes it the largest island in the bay. The 2000 United States Census reported its population as 60,870.  - National Wildlife Refuge System is a designation for certain protected areas of the United States managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. The National Wildlife Refuge System is the system of public lands and waters set aside to conserve America's fish, wildlife and plants. Since President Theodore Roosevelt designated Florida's Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge as the first wildlife refuge in 1903, the System has grown to over 562 national wildlife refuges and 38 wetland management districts encompassing more than .  - Rhode Island Sound is a strait of water, off the coast of the U.S. state of Rhode Island at mouth of Narragansett Bay. It forms the eastern extension of Long Island Sound and opens out the Atlantic Ocean between Block Island and Martha's Vineyard.  - Long Island Sound is a tidal estuary of the Atlantic Ocean, lying between the eastern shores of Bronx County, New York City, southern Westchester County, and Connecticut to the north, and the North Shore of Long Island, to the south. From east to west, the sound stretches 110 miles (177 km) from the East River in New York City, along the North Shore of Long Island, to Block Island Sound. A mix of freshwater from tributaries and saltwater from the ocean, Long Island Sound is 21 miles (34 km) at its widest point and varies in depth from .    What object entity has the relation of 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'sachuest point national wildlife refuge'?   Choices: - atlantic ocean  - bristol  - connecticut  - earth  - east  - england  - florida  - hill  - hope  - long island  - mission  - most  - narragansett  - new jersey  - newport  - newport county  - of  - rhode island  - river  - roosevelt  - south  - southwest  - taunton  - theodore  - united states of america  - york
A: