Question: Information:  - The Canadian Country Music Association (CCMA) was founded in 1976 as the Academy of Country Music Entertainment to organize, promote and develop a Canadian country music industry. The association changed its name to the Canadian Country Music Association in 1987.  - "What Else Can I Do" is the title of a country music song written by Tony Arata and Scott Miller. It was recorded by Patricia Conroy on her 1994 album "You Can't Resist". In Canada, the song was released in 1995 by Warner Music Canada as the album's second single. In the United States, the song was released in 1996 by Intersound Records also as the album second single, but failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song became a Number One on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks in 1995.  - The harmonica, also known as a French harp or mouth organ, is a free reed wind instrument used worldwide in many musical genres, notably in blues, American folk music, classical music, jazz, country, and rock and roll. There are many types of harmonica, including diatonic, chromatic, tremolo, octave, orchestral, and bass versions. A harmonica is played by using the mouth (lips and tongue) to direct air into or out of one or more holes along a mouthpiece. Behind each hole is a chamber containing at least one reed. A harmonica reed is a flat elongated spring typically made of brass, stainless steel, or bronze, which is secured at one end over a slot that serves as an airway. When the free end is made to vibrate by the player's air, it alternately blocks and unblocks the airway to produce sound.  - Patricia Lynn "Trisha" Yearwood (born September 19, 1964) is an American country music singer, author, and actress. She is known for her ballads about vulnerable young women from a female perspective that have been described by some music critics as "strong" and "confident". Yearwood is a member of the Grand Ole Opry and was inducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in 2000.  - Bryan Guy Adams, (born 5 November 1959) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, record producer, guitarist, photographer, philanthropist and activist.  - Recorded history or written history is a historical narrative based on a written record or other documented communication. Recorded history can be contrasted with other narratives of the past, such as mythological, oral or archeological traditions.  - Gretchen Peters (born November 14, 1957 in Bronxville, New York) is an American singer and songwriter. She was born in New York and raised in Boulder, Colorado but moved to Nashville in the late 1980s. She found work as a songwriter, composing hits for Martina McBride, Etta James, Trisha Yearwood, Patty Loveless, George Strait, Anne Murray, Shania Twain, Neil Diamond and co-writing songs with Bryan Adams.   - Bad Day for Trains is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Patricia Conroy, and was released in 1992 by Warner Music Canada. The album was named Album of the Year by the Canadian Country Music Association in 1993.  - The word Dobro is, in popular usage, the generic term for a wood-bodied, single cone resonator guitar. It is also an American brand of resonator guitar, currently owned by the Gibson Guitar Corporation. The Dobro was originally made by the Dopyera brothers when they formed the Dobro Manufacturing Company. Their design, with a single inverted resonator, was introduced in competition to the patented Tricone and biscuit designs produced by the National String Instrument Corporation. The Dobro name appeared on other instruments, notably electric lap steel guitars and solid body electric guitars and on other resonator instruments such as Safari resonator mandolins.  - Europe is a continent that comprises the westernmost part of Eurasia. Europe is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south. To the east and southeast, Europe is generally considered as separated from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. Yet the non-oceanic borders of Europea concept dating back to classical antiquityare arbitrary. The primarily physiographic term "continent" as applied to Europe also incorporates cultural and political elements whose discontinuities are not always reflected by the continent's current overland boundaries.  - Patricia Conroy is a Canadian country music singer. In her career, she has released five studio albums and a one compilation album. Several of her singles have charted on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart, most notably her number one hits "Somebody's Leavin'" and "What Else Can I Do" from 1994 and 1995.  - Martina Mariea McBride (née Schiff, born July 29, 1966) is an American country music singer-songwriter and record producer. She is known for her soprano singing range and her country pop material.  - `` My Baby Loves Me ( Just the Way That I Am ) '' is a song written by American singer - songwriter Gretchen Peters . The song was first recorded by Canadian country music singer Patricia Conroy on her 1992 album , Bad Day for Trains . Her version was released in May 1992 as the first single from her album and peaked at number 8 on the RPM Top Country Tracks chart .  - Patty Loveless (born Patty Lee Ramey; January 4, 1957) is an American country music singer.  - George Harvey Strait (born May 18, 1952) is an American country music singer, songwriter, actor, and music producer. He is known as the "King of Country" and is considered one of the most influential and popular recording artists of all time. He is known for his neotraditionalist country style, cowboy look, and being one of the first and main country artists to bring country music back to its roots and away from the pop country era in the 1980s.  - Etta James (born Jamesetta Hawkins; January 25, 1938  January 20, 2012) was an American singer who performed in various genres, including blues, R&B, soul, rock and roll, jazz and gospel. Starting her career in 1954, she gained fame with hits such as "The Wallflower", "At Last", "Tell Mama", "Something's Got a Hold on Me", and "I'd Rather Go Blind". She faced a number of personal problems, including heroin addiction, severe physical abuse, and incarceration, before making a musical comeback in the late 1980s with the album "Seven Year Itch".  - Shania Twain, OC (born Eilleen Regina Edwards; August 28, 1965) is a Canadian singer and songwriter. With nearly 25 years in the music industry, Twain has sold over 85 million records, making her the best-selling female artist in the history of country music and one of the best-selling artists of all time. Her success garnered her several honorific titles including the "Queen of Country Pop".  - Country music is a genre of United States popular music that originated in the southern United States in the 1920s. It takes its roots from the southeastern genre of United States, such as folk music (especially Appalachian folk music), and blues music. Blues modes have been used extensively throughout its recorded history. Country music often consists of ballads and dance tunes with generally simple forms and harmonies accompanied by mostly string instruments such as banjos, electric and acoustic guitars, dobros and fiddles as well as harmonicas. According to Lindsey Starnes, the term "country music" gained popularity in the 1940s in preference to the earlier term "hillbilly music"; it came to encompass Western music, which evolved parallel to hillbilly music from similar roots, in the mid-20th century. The term "country music" is used today to describe many styles and subgenres. The origins of country music are the folk music of working-class Americans, who blended popular songs, Irish and Celtic fiddle tunes, traditional English ballads, and cowboy songs, and various musical traditions from European immigrant communities. In 2009 country music was the most listened to rush hour radio genre during the evening commute, and second most popular in the morning commute in the United States.  - Warner Music Canada is the Canadian division of Warner Music Group. The label previously operated as WEA Canada, the Canadian subsidiary of WEA International, which later changed its name to Warner Music International in 1990. It was founded in 1967 as Warner Reprise Canada Ltd.  - Morna Anne Murray (born June 20, 1945), known professionally as Anne Murray, is a Canadian singer in pop, country, and adult contemporary music whose albums have sold over 55 million copies worldwide.  - Fiddle is another name for the bowed string musical instrument more often called a violin. It is also a colloquial term for the instrument used by players in all genres, including classical music. Fiddle playing, or fiddling, refers to various styles of music. Fiddle is also a common term among musicians who play folk music on the violin. The fiddle is part of many traditional (folk) styles of music which are aural traditions, taught 'by ear' rather than via written music. Fiddle is normally the term used for Irish Traditional Music.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'my baby loves me ' exhibits the relationship of 'record label'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 1995  - 1996  - album  - country music  - europe  - pop  - record  - safari  - spring  - studio album  - violin  - warner music canada  - wea
Answer: