By. Melissa Kite. PUBLISHED:. 19:13 EST, 29 October 2013. |. UPDATED:. 19:59 EST, 29 October 2013. As a handsome brown and white pony called Cappuccino trots smartly around the riding school, it’s impossible to tell he was once close to death. Three years ago, though, this shiny pony was one of 110 emaciated horses found starving on a farm in the south-west of England. He was so thin and hungry his body had digested all its muscle. His skeletal frame was, quite literally, just skin and bones. Although frightened by their approach, he bore strangers no grudge. He lapped up the kindness of volunteers at the rescue centre where he was taken, and responded well to months of physiotherapy and treatment for his damaged liver. Saved: Melissa Kite with Bombardier, aged 14, who when rescued was terribly thin and needed surgery because his terminally ill owner had not been able to care for him, but is now a picture of health. Today, as he trots around the school, he is happy to do everything that’s asked of him. All he asks in return is a little bit of loving care. As I watch him being put through his paces, I hope fervently that someone will offer this sweet chap a home. Cappuccino is one of 65 horses being cared for at the World Horse Welfare centre at Glenda Spooner Farm in Somerset. A few weeks ago, Princess Anne visited this inspiring place and adopted a horse. She took one lucky Welsh cob called Annie back to her Gloucestershire estate, Gatcombe Park, where the mare is now enjoying life as a hacking horse for the Princess Royal. Annie was certainly due a bit of luck. She was brought to the charity because her owners were not looking after her properly. Having run out of money to care for her, they rang the horse charity for help. Even then, it wasn’t all plain sailing. Twice, Annie was found new homes; but both times she was returned to the charity when her new owners’ changed circumstances meant they could no longer keep her. As the recession puts families under greater financial pressure, so more and more horses like Annie have been neglected or abandoned. Some 7,000 horses are at risk of serious neglect this winter, according to World Horse Welfare, which is appealing for the public to help. Rescue centres are full to bursting. Glenda Spooner Farm has already taken in 24 per cent more horses this. year than last — and they fear more may arrive as the weather gets. colder and people feel the pinch. Royal approval: A keen rider, Princess Anne is a trustee of the charity and even adopted a Welsh cob called Annie a couple of weeks ago and took her back to her Gloucestershire estate. Yet if they are to take in more rescue cases, they desperately need people to come forward to give ponies like Cappuccino a caring home. Cappuccino was one of six young ponies taken in by the centre after a member of the public reported an owner who had been breeding them on her farm. The situation had got completely out of hand and she had more ponies than she could possibly look after. Claire Phillips, manager of the rescue centre, explains that the reason for neglect is hardly ever straightforward malice. It is more often a case of financial hardship, or owners’ health problems leaving them unable adequately to care for their horses. The centre tries not to pass judgment, because behind every neglected horse there is usually an equally sad human story. Cappuccino was just two years old when he came to Glenda Spooner Farm and soon became a favourite with staff. ‘He was very, very scared,’ recalls Claire. ‘He had nothing holding his skeletal frame together — we had to rebuild him from scratch. But he was the most inquisitive of the group and quickly learned to trust. ‘Horses are so forgiving. They don’t realise that people have inflicted this on them, so as soon as someone is kind to them, they become quite trusting.’ Cappuccino had liver damage, because when horses are left to fend for themselves, they start foraging for anything to eat. If they are unlucky, they end up eating harmful plants like ragwort. Often people who abandon horses in a field think they can survive by eating grass. But in winter, the grass runs out and what does grow has little nutritional value, and then horses will eat anything in a desperate attempt to stay alive. As temperatures plummet, their bodies. burn more and more energy to keep warm. Without hay or other sustenance,. they soon digest all their fat reserves, then start to break down. muscle, too. Transformation: Jessica, left, was one of 26 bedraggled horses found in a field in March with painfully overgrown feet and full of worms and lice and, right, she is now happy, healthy and looking for a new home. When things reach this desperate stage, a horse may become too weak to stand and, as it lies prone in the field, insects and birds will prey on it. Too frail to move, hypothermia and dehydration will set in and its organs will fail. It is a horrifying way to die. But because the cost of putting a horse down humanely can be hundreds of pounds, people in financial difficulties do sometimes leave horses to perish like this. Then, it is up to rescue charities like the World Horse Welfare centre to pick up the pieces.Cappuccino is now nearly five years old and going well as a riding pony. In the right hands, he would be an ideal candidate for a child or teenager in a Pony Club, or simply as a pony to take on a hack through local woods and fields. Cappuccino’s handler takes off his saddle and gives him a post-exercise rub down as a noble-looking chestnut called Bombardier is led out from another stable. Only his slightly uncertain step gives a clue to his past. Bombardier was one of ten horses who fell into a terrible state because their owner was terminally ill. Too proud to ask for help until it was almost too late, the man eventually called the charity. Bombardier, aged 14, was terribly thin, had never been handled (trained or ridden) or had his hooves trimmed. He needed surgery to remove a growth from the side of his foot and treatment for a broken tooth which was sticking into his cheek. Now, however, he is a gleaming picture of health, and getting used to being led around. He still walks a little uncertainly because the wastage of his muscles has affected his balance. By next spring, staff hope that he will have completed his rehabilitation and be ready for a new home. But individual success stories like Bombardier aside, the charity is adamant nothing less than a major change in attitudes to horse ownership is needed. Just as any responsible person thinking of getting a dog would consider going to Battersea Dogs’ Home or a similar rescue charity before buying a puppy, so horse-lovers should consider taking a horse from a rescue centre before perusing the local ‘For Sale’ ads. For until more prospective horse-owners consider adopting an unwanted horse, rather than buying from a breeder or dealer, the problem of horse neglect will not get better. To understand just how bad the problem of over-breeding and abandonment has become, look no further than the case of Pickles. This friendly black and white horse. was one of a group of 40 horses who were found on a plot of land near. Cardiff Airport in January 2012. You may have heard of fly-tipping, but. did you know there is now something called fly-grazing? Horses. bred by irresponsible dealers who then find they are unable to sell. them are being dumped like so many unwanted tyres onto common land. Skin and bones: Many abandoned horse simply starve to death as temperatures plummet, their bodies burn more and more energy to keep warm and without hay or other sustenance, they soon digest all their fat reserves. Near to where I keep my horses in Surrey, I’ve seen live horses dumped on grassy roundabouts, and even on the verges of slip roads leading to the A3. When they were called out to Cardiff Airport, Glenda Spooner Farm only had the capacity to take two of the starving colts found there. One of them was Pickles. Happily, other charities picked up the rest. They believe they know who dumped the horses but cannot prove it. Successfully prosecuting for such behaviour is virtually impossible. The desperate plight of abandoned horses in Britain is a scandal. Some welfare experts believe local authorities will have to consider culls of abandoned horses if the crisis reaches the level it has in Ireland, where animal charities have now reluctantly called for such a move. For now, Cappuccino and Pickles need new homes — as do all the horses the charity takes in, if it is to go on helping other animals who are suffering this winter. Nearly all of those waiting for a home are rideable. None of them have been abandoned through any fault of their own. Take Jessica, a pretty, white, three-year-old with the most loving temperament you could wish for. She was one of 26 bedraggled horses found in a field in March — yet more victims of someone breeding horses for sale in a climate where there is very little demand for them. All the ponies had painfully overgrown feet and were full of worms and lice. Restored to health, Jessica is a delight. She sticks her nose over the door of her stable and plants a sloppy kiss on my face, before nibbling my hand gently. She is so sweet and affectionate I want to take her home right now, but I restrain myself. I have three of my own to care for. I pat Jessica and tell her to hang on in there. I hope she finds the home she so clearly deserves soon.
What are the important parts of this article?