Teacher:Given a post that is a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation and an associated claim about its type, verify if the claim is true or not. The claim asks if the posts are historical or hypothetical. The posts are "HISTORICAL" when the author has already done something and they are "HYPOTHETICAL" when the author is considering doing something in the future. Say 'yes' if the claim is true otherwise say 'no'
Teacher: Now, understand the problem? Solve this instance: CLAIM : The following post is HISTORICAL. POST : I (33 M) have been dealing with ongoing issues with a colleague who I will refer to as G (40 F) at work. I am having trouble letting go of the situation and don't feel like I am in the wrong, but would like some validation in my opinion or to hear differing thoughts regarding the situation. 

Just some background, this colleague and myself have been with the company for around 9 years and have worked together for 4 of those years. We ate lunch together daily, often times separately from people within our department and regularly had personal conversations regarding our families. I felt it was a very good relationship, which is likely why I am having issues with what the situation has degraded too.

The company I work for is going through a major expansion and my entire department as well as others has been moved multiple times. One of the more recent moves, paired myself and G in a rather small cubicle. Everyone in the department was in a similar situation, some had more space, some had less, but for the most part was about equal. G was vocally upset regarding the closeness of our seating situation and informed myself, others in the department and our direct report of her unhappiness. I don't know if G ever asked to officially move, but there really wasn't any space to move to even if she had made a request. I was a little hurt that she would be that upset to share a cubicle with me, but I saw her point of view as it was close proximity and thought if was a good cubemate she may be more comfortable. As time went on the situation escalated as she became more vocal and began telling individuals in other departments of her discomfort, many of whom I did not know. I felt as if these people were looking at me like I was behaving inappropriately towards G. It was very uncomfortably for me, but I didn't want to ask someone that was genuinely uncomfortable to not voice their discomfort. I informed G that her saying this bothered me and asked if I could do anything better or different that might alleviate her discomfort. She told me there wasn't anything I could do and that it was just a proximity issue and that it wasn't personal. While I was still uncomfortable, I trusted her and believed she was not being malicious or attempting to make me look bad and opted to let it go and not make a big deal about the situation.

After approximately 8 months of us sharing a cubicle, it was time for my department to move again. The week before we were scheduled to move, G asked if I wanted to go out for lunch, I had made previous lunch plans and couldn't go, which is what I informed her. I then saw her go and ask others in the department about going out for lunch, but they all had other plans as well. I felt bad because she and I usually got lunch together and it looked like she was going to have to eat alone, so I recommended G check and see if a friend of hers whom we regularly met for lunch was available, G responding by stating that was a weird and creepy thing to say. I often reminded her to text this friend when we went to lunch and I didn't view my recommendation as any different than that reminder. I had never been referred to as weird and creepy and didn't know what to do, so I just went to my lunch obligation without responding. The more I thought about it, the more it bothered me, two days after she referred to me as weird and creepy, I brought it up again, thinking she would talk about how it was a crazy day and that I caught her at a bad time, or that it was a miscommunication, something along those lines. Instead, she loudly and angrily referred to me as weird and creepy again, I tried to explain that I just felt bad and didn't want her to feel excluded, but she just kept loudly stating that it was weird and creepy, over and over. G was saying this loud enough that another colleague walked over to mediate and try to calm the situation, but he was unable to do so and I felt so humiliated, that I just stopped talking, wondering what I did wrong and hoping no one else would hear what she was saying. No one wants to be thought of as weird and creepy and to be told that by someone at work whom you trust was truly awful. We still had a few more days of sitting in the shared cubicle, I didn't understand why she spoke to me that way and wanted to talk about it, but the way she went off on me was so embarrassing, that I didn't know how to act, so I just put on headphones and focused on work. Over the course of the next few days, G acted like nothing had happened and I couldn't believe it. How could you say something like that, never talk about it and pretend like nothing had happened? I just wanted her to acknowledge that it was wrong or show some sign of caring that she hurt me, but she never did and the last day we sat next to each other was not a good one. I went to work and moved all of my belongings out of our shared cubicle early, G later mentioned to me how she had to wait for facilities to help her move, but I feel like she made this comment expecting me to offer to help. I did not offer, but rather told her that sitting next to her was not a good experience for me, packed up the remainder of my things and went to my new work area.
 
The new area we moved to is much larger, with everyone having their own space. About a month after moving, I noticed G spending a lot of time at the cubicle of another colleague, whom she does not share work responsibilities with. I likely would not have noticed, but this particular colleague sits adjacent to me, so I can't help but see when she goes to his cubicle. On multiple occasions, I have seen her sitting on his desk, much closer than what we sat at our cubicle, which had been a major issue for her. I overheard a conversation, where the same colleague asked her about lunch plans, specifically where she went to lunch and he was not told he was creepy or weird like I was previously. I can't help but view this as highly personal now. I feel like I was spoken about in a derogatory manner to colleagues and that I was called hurtful names, not because of anything I did, but because she had an issue with me the whole time and I was just too foolish to notice. I am so disappointed with myself for just sitting there while she spoke in what I now feel was a derogatory manner about me. I am so angry that I didn't yell back when she called me hurtful names, I wish I had so badly and I don't know how to let it go.

I hoped time would heal all wounds, but it didn't, every time she goes to the other colleagues cubicle, it feels like an insult to me. I went to our direct report and informed her (40 F) of what occurred. She spoke to G regarding the issue and scheduled a meeting, at my request, to address the situation. The meeting went very poorly, G did not take it seriously, informed me I was only taking issue with her due to her gender and repeatedly threatened me with going to HR. I do not handle confrontations well and could have handled it better. Some of the meeting going poorly is most definitely my fault, but I strongly believe the fault is mostly hers. At the conclusion of the meeting, my direct report sat separately with each of us. My boss informed me that those threats were inappropriate and that nothing would come of it, that she believed me and other people had come forward with work related issues regarding G. My direct report scheduled another meeting two weeks later, but before the second meeting could occur, G suffered a tragic lose in her family and went on bereavement for 2 weeks. I have lost people in my life and felt horrified that I could in anyway worsen a already awful situation. My direct report informed me, that the second meeting would be canceled and that another one would be scheduled approximately 5 weeks after G returns from bereavement. I told my direct report that a time frame wasn't necessary, to use her judgement and schedule a meeting when she felt G was up to it. That was approximately 3 months ago and nothing has been scheduled or spoken about since then. I still feel the same as I did previously, I just want G to explain why she felt it was necessary to act like that and acknowledge that what she said was hurtful and that she should have addressed the situation differently. I am angry all the time at work and everyday I think about confronting her, creating a scene, forcing her to address it. But another part of me remembers how we used to stop for coffee and that I genuinely did enjoy her company. I think about how G just suffered a lose and I want to give her a hug and offer support, but I believe with all my heart that she thinks I'm creepy and weird. And that she is uncomfortable to be around me. I don't want to make anyone uncomfortable or to worsen any situation. It has now been approximately 6 months, since she referred to me as creepy and weird and I just can't let it go, I think about it every day. At this point am I now the asshole for not moving on with my life? 
Student: