News article:

Good Friday is about to get better for publicans in the Republic of Ireland. Why? Because they can finally toast the Easter holiday with a pint. 
  
 For almost a century, selling alcohol had been banned on Good Friday - a legacy of Ireland's Christian traditions. 
  
 But in January 2018 the Irish parliament passed new legislation which means this year will be different. 
  
 So what's the story for 2018? And who stands to gain from the change? 
  
 What's different this year? 
  
 Pubs in the Republic will welcome Easter revellers from 10:30 until closing time at 00:30. 
  
 Off-licences may see some changes too, with fewer booze-desiring customers stocking up a day in advance. 
  
 Good Friday is traditionally a popular time for house parties in the Republic, as friends and loved ones gather at home instead of the local boozer. But with the pub doors suddenly open, some may decide they'd rather skip the washing-up. 
  
 It's good news for tourists seeking a tipple too. On Good Fridays past, hapless foreigners unaware of the drinks ban could be found wandering the streets of Dublin in a futile search for a pint. The most dedicated were even spotted boarding trains or ferries to exploit an infamous loophole - the on-board bar. 
  
 Why did the law change? 
  
 Easter is a busy tourist period, and the extra day's trade is set to boost the Irish economy. 
  
 According to publicans' group the Vintners Federation of Ireland (VFI) - whose interest is clear - it could generate as much as 40m euros (£35m; $49m) in sales - plus 7m for the exchequer through VAT and excise duty. 
  
 "The Good Friday ban is from a different era," the group's chief executive, Padraig Cribben, said. "Like all other businesses who were never subject to a ban, publicans now have a choice to open." 
  
 ...but is everyone toasting the change? 
  
 The Roman Catholic Church held considerable influence in the Republic historically, and some would still prefer an alcohol-free Friday on religious grounds. 
  
 Back in January, critics said the altered legislation also undermined the government's goal of reducing the harm caused by alcohol. 
  
 Independent TD (Irish member of parliament) Maureen O'Sullivan spoke frankly, asking: "Are we saying that the only tourists we want are those who can't last 24 hours without buying a drink in a public house?" 
  
 "I actually think we could do with a few Good Fridays throughout the year," she added. 
  
 Perhaps mindful that not everyone approves of them opening, some hostelries have decided to give their Good Friday takings to charity. 
  
 And in rural Newmarket, a little town in Cork, the six local publicans put their heads together - and agreed to keep their doors bolted. 
  
 John Scanlon of Scanlon's Bar explained: "We have only two days off each year, Christmas Day and Good Friday, and we want to hold on to that. It is a day publicans want to spend with their families." 
  
 What about north of the border? 
  
 In Northern Ireland pubs can open on Good Friday but may only serve alcohol between 17:00 and 23:00. 
  
 The hospitality sector has called for the North to have the same options as the Republic. 
  
 Colin Neill, chief executive of Hospitality Ulster, believes serving restrictions will cost the North's pubs and restaurants £20m in trade over the Easter weekend. 
  
 What's your drinking nationality? 
  
 How does your drinking measure up to the average in countries around the world? Find out below if you are similar to a boozy Belarusian or a teetotal Kuwaiti. 
  
 How much have you drunk in the past week? Pints of beer 
  
 (568ml) Glasses of wine 
  
 (175ml) Spirits 
  
 (25ml) Show other drinks Cider or sorghum beer 
  
 (Pints/568ml glasses) Fortified wine, eg port 
  
 (70ml glasses) Rice wine, eg sake 
  
 (125ml carafes) Which country are you from? Enter a country in the field below Search for counties See how you compare You drink most like you're from (but this is not a very good match) Not a drinker? 
  
 Most people from Kuwait also abstain How apt! You Litres of pure alcohol per year You drink more heavily than people from Belarus, the heaviest-drinking country in the world Litres of pure alcohol per person per year, by country Heaviest-drinking Belarus (17.5 litres) Lightest-drinking Kuwait (0.1 litres) Overall alcohol consumption: Heaviest Lightest No data Countries and their favourite type of alcoholic drink: Beer Wine Spirits Other No data 
  
 If you cannot see the calculator, click here. ||||| The rattle of stainless steel kegs can be heard echoing down Capel Street as the cold early morning mist rises above Dublin’s city centre. Nearby, the chatter of workers from the Victorian fruit and vegetable markets mixed with the sound of church bells wafts through the air as a key turns in the lock of Slattery’s pub and owner Brian Conlon pushes open the door. 
  
 He sticks his head briefly outside and exchanges a few words with doorman Cristian Ichim before retreating to the cosy confines of his Capel Street pub. So far, the only customers on schedule for this historic 7am Good Friday opening are journalistic hacks, eagerly awaiting the Thursday night rollovers to begin streaming in. 
  
 Pierce Bunch, Haley Wells, Bethany Ferraro, Lauren Thalheimer, Alexandra Kononenko, Faison Bunch, on a spring break from Maryland , Origan and New York, arrive at Slatterys Pub on Capel Street direct from the Airport to become some of the first customers to enjoy a pint on Good Friday. Photograph: Alan Betson/ The Irish Times 
  
 The first arrival is far less conspicuous. Shane McShea is already digging into his breakfast and taking a sip of his first ever (legally poured) Good Friday pint when approached for a chat. He’s a regular to the pub and often stops by for a bite on his way to work. 
  
 Asked if it feels special to be drinking in a pub on such a momentous day, he shrugs his shoulders. “It’s different but I never really thought about it before. It’s a good thing to see pubs open and I don’t think it’s going to cause any major issues towards alcoholism. Eventually I can see it just becoming like any Friday. I guess it’s a positive thing.” 
  
 Outside on the street, Ichim stamps his feet to keep warm. After 11 years working the early morning security shift outside Slattery’s he’s fully accustomed to the early morning clientele. 
  
 Darragh Gavin and Paul Reid from Heineken with Darragh Ridgeway. utilities manager of Slatterys Pub on Capel Street, making the first delivery to the pub on a Good Friday since 1922. Photograph: Alan Betson / The Irish Times 
  
 “Mostly sober people,” he says. “People working night shifts who come in the morning like nurses, fireman and people working in the markets. Not many drunks or messers.” 
  
 Pushed on this point, he admits he’s already turned away a few people who he felt were too drunk to enter. They have other options, he says pointing up the street towards another establishment where he says roll-overs can continue drinking. 
  
 Slattery’s lit-up windows and open doors have already been met with disapproval by passers by this Good Friday morning, he adds. “They were older people saying it’s a disgrace and that it shouldn’t be happening. It’s one day a year. I think it’s very good for everyone; for staff it’s extra shifts, for tourists they have somewhere to go.” 
  
 Pierce Bunch, Haley Wells, Bethany Ferraro, Lauren Thalheimer, Alexandra Kononenko, Faison Bunch, enjoy a pint on Good Friday morning. Photograph: Alan Betson/ The Irish Times 
  
 Back inside, the Cranberries’ Zombie plays over the speakers as Stephen Foy from Palmerstown sits at the bar leafing through the morning paper while taking sips from his pint of Heineken. He’s arrived into town early to pick up fittings for a job later this morning. His plan is two pints, pick up the fittings and then off to work. 
  
 Foy says the decision to allow pubs to open on Good Friday just makes sense. “They needed to get with the times. We’re not back a hundred years ago now.” 
  
 Nearby, waitress Natalia Czarnik is laying tables for breakfast. She has worked the morning shifts at the early house for four years and says the early arrivals come to Slattery’s for the drink and stay for the food. “When the drinks start they begin to feel hungry but the main breakfast is the Guinness. It’s a mighty breakfast for everyone.” 
  
 Most of the time, Czarnik enjoys chatting to the bleary-eyed all-nighters who fall through the door at 7am. “They’re usually very funny. Sometimes it’s hard to deal with them but we always have security.” 
  
 Moments later, there’s a short commotion near the main entrance as six students with backpacks squeeze through the door. While they settle around a table near the blazing fire and order their pints, Faison Bunch explains how the group of friends from New York have arrived in Europe for a week-long trip around Ireland and the UK. 
  
 They began their morning in McDonalds - following a 5am flight arrival - but then they heard the pubs were open. 
  
 “We were just trying to find a place to go and I’m thinking when is the soonest we can drink a Guinness,” says Bunch. “Then we found Slattery’s was opening so it was like guys, let’s do it.” 
  
 “We were in the cab on the way here and the guy driving us was like this is a big deal,” he adds before taking his first sip of Guinness. “We’re making history. So I guess this really is a good Friday.” |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?