Information:  - Cerdanya (, ), often la Cerdanya, is a natural comarca and historical region of the eastern Pyrenees divided between France and Spain. Historically it was one of the counties of Catalonia.  - One of the French Revolutionary armies, the Army of the Pyrenees ("Armée des Pyrénées") was created by a decree of the National Convention dated 1 October 1792 and formed out of the right wing of the Armée du Midi. At the outbreak of the War of the Pyrenees with the Kingdom of Spain, a decree of 30 April 1793 separated the Armée des Pyrénées into the Army of the eastern Pyrenees ("Armée des Pyrénées orientales") and the Army of the western Pyrenees ("Armée des Pyrénées occidentales").  - The County of Roussillon was one of the Catalan counties in the Marca Hispanica during the Middle Ages. The rulers of the county were the Counts of Roussillon, whose interests lay both north and south of the Pyrenees.  - The Army of the Western Pyrenees ("Armée des Pyrénées occidentales") was one of the Republican French armies of the French Revolutionary Wars. From April 1793 until 12 October 1795, the army fought in the Basque Country and in Navarre during the War of the Pyrenees. After indecisive fighting during the first year of its existence, the army seized the Spanish port of San Sebastián in August 1794. By the time the Peace of Basel was signed on 22 July 1795, the "Army of the Western Pyrenees" held a significant portion of northeastern Spain.  - France, officially the French Republic, is a country with territory in western Europe and several overseas regions and territories. The European, or metropolitan, area of France extends from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea, and from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean. Overseas France include French Guiana on the South American continent and several island territories in the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian oceans. France spans and had a total population of almost 67 million people as of January 2017. It is a unitary semi-presidential republic with the capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre. Other major urban centres include Marseille, Lyon, Lille, Nice, Toulouse and Bordeaux.  - The Army of the Eastern Pyrenees ("Armée des Pyrénées Orientales") was one of the French Revolutionary armies. It fought against the Kingdom of Spain in Rousillon, the Cerdanya and Catalonia during the War of the Pyrenees. This army and the "Army of the Western Pyrenees" were formed by splitting the original "Army of the Pyrenees" at the end of April 1793 soon after the war started. Shortly after the Peace of Basel on 22 July 1795, the fighting ended and the army was dissolved on 12 October that same year. Many of its units and generals were transferred to join the "Army of Italy" and fought under Napoleon Bonaparte in 1796.   - Trouillas is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.  - Catalonia is an autonomous community of Spain, located on the northeastern extremity of the Iberian Peninsula. It is designated as a "nationality" by its Statute of Autonomy. Catalonia consists of four provinces: Barcelona, Girona, Lleida, and Tarragona. The capital and largest city is Barcelona, the second-most populated municipality in Spain and the core of the seventh-most populous urban area in the European Union.  - Peyrestortes is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.   - Roussillon (or ; ) is one of the historical counties of the former Principality of Catalonia, corresponding roughly to the present-day southern French "département" of Pyrénées-Orientales (Eastern Pyrenees). It may also refer to "Northern Catalonia" or "French Catalonia", the first used by Catalan-speakers and the second used by French-speakers. A 1998 survey found that 34% of respondents stated they speak Catalan, and a further 21% understand it.  - The Battle of Truillas was fought on 22 September 1793 during the French Revolutionary War between the French Army of the eastern Pyrenees led by Luc Siméon Auguste Dagobert and the Spanish Army of Catalonia under Antonio Ricardos . This attempt by the French to exploit their success in the Battle of Peyrestortes ended in a Spanish victory . Part of the War of the Pyrenees , the battle was fought near the village of Trouillas in the French department of Pyrénées Orientales , 12 km southwest of Perpignan .  - Manche is a French department in Normandy ("Normandie"), named for the English Channel, which is known as "La Manche", literally "the sleeve", in French, that borders its north and west shores and part of its east shore.  - Puigcerdà is the capital of the "Catalan comarca" of Cerdanya, in the province of Girona, Catalonia, northern Spain, near the river Segre and on the border with France (it abuts directly onto the French town of Bourg-Madame).  - Saint-Lô is a commune in north-western France, the capital of the Manche department in the region of Normandy.  - Pyrénées-Orientales (; "Eastern Pyrenees") is a department of southern France adjacent to the northern Spanish frontier and the Mediterranean Sea. It also surrounds the tiny Spanish exclave of Llívia, and thus has two distinct borders with Spain.  - Napoleon Bonaparte ("Napoléon Bonaparte";  , born ""Napoleone di Buonaparte""; 15 August 1769  5 May 1821) was a French military and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led several successful campaigns during the French Revolutionary Wars. As Napoleon I, he was Emperor of the French from 1804 until 1814, and again in 1815. Napoleon dominated European and global affairs for more than a decade while leading France against a series of coalitions in the Napoleonic Wars. He won most of these wars and the vast majority of his battles, building a large empire that ruled over continental Europe before its final collapse in 1815. One of the greatest commanders in history, his wars and campaigns are studied at military schools worldwide. Napoleon's political and cultural legacy has ensured his status as one of the most celebrated and controversial leaders in human history.  - The Peace of Basel of 1795 consists of three peace treaties involving France during the French Revolution (represented by François de Barthélemy).  - Portugal (Portuguese: ), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: ), is a country on the Iberian Peninsula in Southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe. To the west and south it is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and to the east and north by Spain. The PortugalSpain border is long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union. The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, both autonomous regions with their own regional governments.  - La Chapelle-en-Juger is a former commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Thèreval.  - Perpignan is a city, a commune, and the capital of the Pyrénées-Orientales department in south-western France. Perpignan was the capital of the former province and County of Roussillon ("Rosselló" in Catalan) and continental capital of the Kingdom of Majorca in the 13th and 14th centuries.  - Luc Siméon Auguste Dagobert de Fontenille (8 March 1736, La Chapelle-en-Juger, near Saint-Lô, Manche  18 April 1794, Puigcerdà) was a French general of the French Revolutionary Wars.  - The Kingdom of Majorca (; ) was founded by James I of Aragon, also known as "James The Conqueror". After the death of his firstborn son Alfonso, a will was written in 1262 and created the kingdom to cede it to his son James. The disposition was maintained during successive versions of his will and so when James I died in 1276, the Crown of Aragon passed to his eldest son Peter, known as Peter III of Aragon or "Peter the Great". The Kingdom of Majorca passed to James, who reigned under the name of James II of Majorca. After 1279, Peter III of Aragon established that the king of Majorca was a vassal to the king of Aragon. The title continued to be employed by the Aragonese and Spanish monarchs until its dissolution by the 1715 Nueva Planta decrees.  - The French Revolutionary Wars were a series of sweeping military conflicts, lasting from 1792 until 1802, resulting from the French Revolution. They pitted the French First Republic against Britain, Austria and several other monarchies. They are divided in two periods: the War of the First Coalition (179297) and the War of the Second Coalition (17981802). Initially confined to Europe, the fighting gradually assumed a global dimension as the political ambitions of the Revolution expanded. After a decade of constant warfare and aggressive diplomacy, France had succeeded in seizing and conquering a wide array of territories, from the Italian Peninsula and the Low Countries in Europe to the Louisiana Territory in North America. French success in these conflicts ensured the spread of revolutionary principles over much of Europe.  - The War of the Pyrenees, also known as War of Roussillon or War of the Convention, was the Pyrenean front of the First Coalition's war against the First French Republic. It pitted Revolutionary France against the kingdoms of Spain and Portugal from March 1793 to July 1795 during the French Revolutionary Wars.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'part of' with 'french revolutionary wars'.