News article:

Behind every great man stands a team of PR professionals to make sure he stays great. 
  
 There’s a certain tone to Mark Zuckerberg’s Facebook (unblockable!) posts, a kind of “aw shucks” white-bread earnestness — not unpleasant, not offensive, just friendly and happy to be here. 
  
 Look, Zuck runs the world’s largest social network, so he can’t just issue a boilerplate PR press release for the hoi polloi, like the CEO of an oil company or auto manufacturer, and be done with it — he has to connect, to show the power of Facebook’s platform to allow people to share moments from their lives. That means charming anecdotes about his dog alongside announcements about new charity initiatives. The means s 360° video of his child’s first steps. The means bland platitudes about personal plans to read more books or run a mile a day. That means warm, inviting photography. And it means a team of at least a dozen people helping run his Facebook page. 
  
 As Bloomberg reports, Zuck doesn’t do this on his own. He has a whole team of at least 12 people who help write his posts for him, shoot those beautiful candid photographs he posts — including Washington Post stringer Charles Ommanney — and moderate his comments to keep the incredibly racist and vile stuff off Zuck’s page. 
  
 None of this should be any surprise. Most major social-media presences are managed by a team of people, and why should Zuck be any different? And Zuck seems to realize he still has some serious image rehab to do after years of being painted as a cold, socially awkward boy genius. As court documents show, Zuck unfiltered was an odd and aggressive creature (though, granted, he was much, much younger when typing those IMs than he is today — and God forbid we all be judged on what we type into ostensibly secret chat windows). And Jesse Eisenberg’s alternatively insecure and ruthless portrayal of Zuckerberg in 2010’s The Social Network probably did him no favors ether. 
  
 So one of his Zuck’s strategic goals, both for himself and for Facebook, has to been to turn “Mark Zuckerberg, billionaire tech weirdo” into “Mark Zuckerberg, goofy nerd who cares about the world’s problem’s, especially yours.” This is especially true because, with Steve Jobs gone, there simply is no other tech company than Facebook that is so thoroughly seen through the lens of its CEO. A strange and creepy Zuck translates into a strange and creepy social network. A happy-go-lucky Zuck that goes on safaris, builds his own personal home-AI, and loves to play with his dog translates into a social network meant for moments from your personal life, both big and small. 
  
 The latest manifestation of this? A series of posts from Texas, which Zuckerberg is posting as if it’s part of his 2017 promise to visit all 50 states of the United States this year. 
  
 There’s Zuck in Dallas “for work” (i.e., testifying in a massive lawsuit case against Facebook subsidiary Oculus Rift), planting a community garden tree: 
  
 There’s Zuck sitting down with normal, everyday folks. 
  
 There’s Zuck taking part in a cultural tradition outside his own Northeastern upbringing: 
  
 And there’s Zuck doing the classic factory tour, in case a data center for Facebook: 
  
 Plenty of people have pointed out these posts — and Zuck’s overall plan to visit all 50 states in 2017 — feel an awful lot like what someone would do if they were getting ready to run for political office. And it was recently revealed Zuckerberg asked for — and got — permission to serve for two years in government without relinquishing control of Facebook. 
  
 But maybe you don’t need to see political machinations at play here. Two years isn’t a long time to serve in government. At most Zuckerberg could serve one term in the House of Representatives if elected (or serve in an another position if appointed by a president, which seems unlikely under Trump). Maybe all these rodeos and community gardens and local diner sit-downs are just Zuckerberg and his team’s awkward attempt to make him seem like exactly what he is not — just another average Facebook user. ||||| "Fortune favors the bold." 
  
 - Virgil, Aeneid X.284 
  
  
  
 "All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once you grow up." 
  
 - Pablo Picasso 
  
  
  
 "Make things as simple as possible but no simpler." 
  
 - Albert Einstein ||||| SHARE THIS ARTICLE Share Tweet Post Email 
  
 Source: Facebook Source: Facebook 
  
 When Facebook went public five years ago, the world had a pretty vivid picture of who Mark Zuckerberg was. As much as anything, that image was of Jesse Eisenberg’s fictionalized performance as Zuckerberg in The Social Network: an intense, socially inept kid billionaire who always wore a hoodie, whether he was meeting with financiers or trying to screw a co-founder in court. Over the past couple of years, Zuckerberg has made a concerted effort to steer his image in a different direction. 
  
 Near the end of 2014, he began holding Q&A sessions with groups of people wherever he was traveling around the world, fielding softballs ranging from lessons on startup-building to his favorite pizza toppings. Those town halls have evolved into near-daily posts on Zuckerberg’s own Facebook page, mixing news of company milestones with personal epiphanies, soft-focus photos from his life as a new dad, and responses to user comments. “What he’s learned over the last two years is that his image in the digital domain needs to be controlled,” says David Charron, who teaches entrepreneurship at the University of California at Berkeley. “And he’s simply growing up.” 
  
 Meeting developers in Lagos. Source: Facebook 
  
 Zuckerberg has help, lots of it. Typically, a handful of Facebook employees manage communications just for him, helping write his posts and speeches, while an additional dozen or so delete harassing comments and spam on his page, say two people familiar with the matter. Facebook also has professional photographers snap Zuckerberg, say, taking a run in Beijing or reading to his daughter. Among them is Charles Ommanney, known most recently for his work covering the refugee crisis for the Washington Post. Company spokeswoman Vanessa Chan says Facebook is an easy way for executives to connect with various audiences. 
  
 While plenty of chief executive officers have image managers, the scale of this team is something different. So is its conflation of Zuckerberg’s personal image with that of his company, the diaper-changing photos next to the user growth stats. “I don’t know that there are a lot of other business leaders that would find the same level of comfort sharing their personal and business stuff in the way that he does,” says Fred Cook, director of the University of Southern California Center for Public Relations, who has worked with Jeff Bezos and Steve Jobs. 
  
 Looking for game at Lake Naivasha in Kenya. Souce: Facebook 
  
 Facebook’s a little different in that respect. Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg has used her page to discuss workplace inequality and her husband’s sudden death. And within Facebook, it’s an article of faith that Zuckerberg’s image is pretty much synonymous with the company’s, employees say. If people think Zuckerberg is innovative and charming, so is Facebook. That may help explain the PR team’s more ambitious recent efforts to compare the CEO to Iron Man. 
  
 Beijing Source: Facebook 
  
 In December, Zuckerberg, his wife, his baby daughter, his parents, and his dog all appeared in a series of videos dramatizing his yearlong effort to create a smart-home device akin to Amazon.com’s Echo. Zuckerberg dubbed the project Jarvis, as in the AI butler that Robert Downey Jr. uses in the Marvel movies. 
  
 The Facebook team shot one video from Zuckerberg’s POV, one from that of his wife, Priscilla Chan, and one from that of Jarvis, voiced by Morgan Freeman. There are some cringeworthy moments, including the one after Zuckerberg asks Jarvis to play a good Nickelback song, and Freeman’s voice says there aren’t any. 
  
 Groans notwithstanding, the PR blitz seems to be working. Zuckerberg’s posts typically get at least a couple hundred thousand shares; the Jarvis video clocked more than a million. USC’s Cook says his 18-year-old son follows Zuckerberg and reported that “he seems like a regular guy.” “If an 18-year-old thinks he’s coming across in an authentic way, that’s really something,” says Cook. 
  
 Leaving the Vatican. Source: Facebook 
  
 Jarvis was Zuckerberg’s personal challenge for 2016. His stated goal this year is to travel to all 50 U.S. states and improve his understanding of their communities. (By contrast, in 2011 his goal was to eat meat only if he’d killed it himself.) The CEO is also spending more time meeting with diplomats and beginning to figure out how to invest 99 percent of his personal fortune—about $2 billion in cash and other assets, plus $52 billion in Facebook stock—in philanthropic causes. 
  
 With all that in mind, it’s fair to wonder whether Zuckerberg wants to run for public office. He isn’t saying, but his online mix of serious business and dad jokes can’t help but feel a little political. For a point of comparison, check out Barack Obama’s social media accounts sometime. 
  
 The bottom line: There are more than a dozen Facebook employees writing Mark Zuckerberg’s posts or scouring the comments for spammers and trolls. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?