Summarize this article:

See more of Lorene Bible on Facebook ||||| CHETOPA, Kan. — The latest search for a pair of missing Welch girls turned up empty. 
  
 Cameras were used Friday to seach a well on property in Chetopa, Kansas, formerly owned by a convicted murderer in hopes of finding the remains of Lauria Bible and Ashley Freeman or a trace of anything that would help investigators solve the 16-year-old mystery. 
  
 “The only thing we saw was a old bucket,” said Gary Stansell, an investigator for the district attorney’s office for Craig, Mayes and Rogers counties. 
  
 Stansell said he continues to get leads on the case. The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation classifies the girls’ 1999 disappearance as an ongoing investigation. 
  
 The three-hour search of the well was initiated after Lorene Bible, Lauria’s mother, received a private message on a social networking site. 
  
 “The person said come to the old Charlie Krider house and look in the well,” Bible said. 
  
 Lauria Bible and Ashley Freeman disappeared after the teens celebrated Ashley’s 16th birthday with a sleepover at the Freeman family home. 
  
 In the early morning hours of Dec. 30, 1999, the Freemans’ mobile home in Welch went up in flames, and the charred remains of Ashley’s parents, Danny and Kathy Freeman, were found inside. Both had sustained gunshot wounds that shattered their skulls, according to autopsy reports. 
  
 The well, covered with a concrete slab, is around 10 miles north of the Freeman property on an empty lot about a block from the main thoroughfare in Chetopa. 
  
 “There are still people scared of whoever did this,” Lorene Bible said. “The fear for them is still there.” 
  
 The Chetopa land once was owned by Charles Christian Krider, 54. It was sold after Krider was convicted of second-degree murder in the 2004 death of Judith Schrum, who was strangled before her body was dumped in a Cherokee County creek, according to court documents. 
  
 Krider is serving a 14-year sentence, and his earliest possible release date is April 13, 2017, records show. 
  
 He was reported to be a close friend and co-worker of Danny Freeman and had several head of cattle on the Freeman farm, Stansell said. 
  
 “We’re waiting on the next person who can tell to go look here or you need to go look here,” Lorene Bible said. “I need information that will lead to something good.” 
  
 Bible said she receives about two or three tips a month that are serious. 
  
 “The law enforcement has been wonderful — whether in Oklahoma or across the state line in Kansas,” she said. “I’ll go on and see what’s next.” ||||| Fifteen years ago Tuesday, Danny and Kathy Freeman were shot and killed and their mobile home set on fire. 
  
 Their 16-year-old daughter, Ashley, and her best friend, Lauria Bible, were having a sleepover to celebrate Ashley’s birthday. The teens bodies were not discovered in the charred remains of the mobile home. 
  
 Working on the premise that intruders kidnapped and possibly killed the teens, law officers began a frustrating, seemingly endless search that spanned the United States, Canada and Mexico. 
  
 Today, law enforcement officers rattle off their names as one word. 
  
 Lauria and Ashley. 
  
 Their story has been profiled locally, statewide and nationally — and yet it remains unsolved. 
  
 Jay and Lorene Bible, Lauria’s parents, are holding a memorial service Tuesday in Vinita, in hopes that publicity might help stir up memories in the case. 
  
 “I still believe Lauria is alive,” Lorene Bible said. 
  
 The Bibles want all the involved law enforcement agencies — the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation, the Craig County sheriff’s office, the Craig County district attorney’s office and the FBI — to sit down with them and release all the information and leads they have and work together to solve the case. 
  
 Surviving members of the Freeman family had Ashley declared legally dead in 2010, according to court records. 
  
 Meanwhile, investigators say that new leads have surfaced in the past months. 
  
 Once such item involves two people, presumably men that got into an argument with Danny Freeman two weeks before the shooting deaths, said Gary Stansill, an investigator for the district attorney in Craig, Mayes and Rogers counties. 
  
 “We learned that Danny told friends that two people came to the Freeman’s residence and there was a heated verbal exchange with one of the men,” Stansill said. 
  
 Freeman knew one of the men and the other he knew by reputation, the investigator said. 
  
 “We are not saying they are suspects,” Stansill said. “We just want to talk with them. If they have nothing to do with the missing girls or the killings, that’s OK — we just want to talk with them.” 
  
 Stansill said he doesn’t know what the meeting was about. 
  
 “That’s one of the questions we have,” he said. 
  
 Danny Freeman reportedly had a hand in marijuana sales, family and friends have said in the past. 
  
 “He (Freeman) did tell friends he had to run the men off and if they came back on his property he would run them off with a gun,” Stansill said. 
  
 OSBI spokeswoman Jessica Brown said the case is not closed as far as her agency is concerned. 
  
 Brown said the agency recently received a tip, “and we will run it out to see if it has validity.” 
  
 Brown said the state agency has investigated “hundreds” of leads and tips over the past 15 years. 
  
 “Just because it is an old case doesn’t mean it can’t be solved,” Brown said. “We have solved 20- and 30-year-old cases in the past.” 
  
 Solving the case depends on getting the right lead, she said. 
  
 “Relationships can change between suspects,” Brown said. 
  
 What happened? 
  
 The Freeman’s property is located just outside of the Welch city limits and at that time was identifiable by the mailbox that sat on top of an iron-chain stand. A half-mile dirt driveway was marked with a rock entrance that led to the family home, which was slightly visible at night due to the few pole lights in the area. 
  
 According to an autopsy report, a shotgun blast sheared off the bottom portion of Danny Freeman’s face and Kathy Freeman was shot in the back of the head and was found by investigators lying face down on the couple’s waterbed. 
  
 Danny Freeman’s remains were found the next day near the waterbed by the Bibles, who were searching through the ashes. 
  
 Danny Freeman’s extensive arrowhead collection was never found in the ruble. Lauria Bible’s car was still parked in front of the Freeman mobile home with the keys in the ignition. The teen’s purse, which contained money, was found in the charred remains of the mobile home. 
  
 OSBI investigators also found a small arsenal of weapons as they searched through the debris of the house. 
  
 Person of interest 
  
 Jeremy Jones, 41, a convicted killer and rapist who once lived in Miami, OK, was a person of interest in the Freemans’ deaths. 
  
 “I believe he knows something about the case,” Lorene Bible said. 
  
 Arrest records show Jones was arrested on complaints of public drunkenness and possession of drug paraphernalia at 4 a.m. Dec. 30, 1999, roughly 18 miles from the Freeman’s farm. 
  
 Jones confessed to killing the couple and setting their mobile home on fire over a drug debt and taking the teenagers to Galena, Kan., where he said he shot them and threw their bodies into an abandoned mine. 
  
 A search of the area in June 2005 turned up nothing, and Jones recanted his confession. He has not been charged in the case. 
  
 He is now on Alabama’s death row for the murder and rape of a woman from Turnerville, Ala. ||||| By Tiffany Alaniz 
  
 Quick Facts: 
  
 Lauria Bible and Ashley Freeman disappeared in 1999 
  
 Her mother, Lorena, wants anyone who has called tips over 16 years to re-file tips 
  
 New Facebook page set up to get tips to find Lauria Bible 
  
 Citing changes in staffing, a mother wants help to strengthen a missing person’s investigation. 
  
 Lorene Bible’s daughter, Lauria, disappeared with Ashley Freeman in December of 1999. Freeman's parents were found dead in the family's burned home. 
  
 FOX23's Tiffany Alaniz went to Welch with Bible's family to the site where the girls were last seen. 
  
 Bible announced on her Facebook page that anyone who has ever filed a tip should re-file any information they have with law enforcement and OSBI. 
  
 DISAPPEARANCE OF LAURIA BIBLE ASHLEY FREEMAN. DECEMBER 30TH 1999. THE DISTRICT ATTORNEYS OFFICE IS ENCOURAGING ANYONE... Posted by Lorene Bible on Wednesday, January 20, 2016 
  
 >>>READ MORE: Family marks 16 years since disappearance of Oklahoma girls 
  
 She encouraged tipsters to ask officials if their tips had been followed up on, saying some reports did not get to the proper authorities. 
  
 She also noted new people were in all offices. 
  
 The new push to find the girls resulted in tips from Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri over the weekend. Some people said they saw the girls alive in a car after they disappeared. 
  
 Some of the same people named in the case years ago are still coming up in the new investigation. 
  
 Jeremy Jones, who is currently on death row in Alabama, claims to have killed the girls, but he was not able to provide investigators with enough information for them to conclude that it was, indeed, him. 
  
 Investigators are following up on the new leads, but they are still asking people with information to call law enforcement. |||||