Information:  - Home computers were a class of microcomputers entering the market in 1977, and becoming common during the 1980s. They were marketed to consumers as affordable and accessible computers that, for the first time, were intended for the use of a single nontechnical user. These computers were a distinct market segment that typically cost much less than business, scientific or engineering-oriented computers of the time such as the IBM PC, and were generally less powerful in terms of memory and expandability. However, a home computer often had better graphics and sound than contemporaneous business computers. Their most common uses were playing video games, but they were also regularly used for word processing, doing homework, and programming.  - The Temple of Elemental Evil is a 2003 role - playing video game by Troika Games . It is a remake of the classic Dungeons & Dragons adventure of the same title using the 3.5 edition rules . This is the only video game to take place in the Greyhawk campaign setting , and the first video game to implement the 3.5 edition rule set . The game was published by Atari , who then held the interactive rights of the Dungeons & Dragons franchise . The Temple of Elemental Evil was released in autumn of 2003 and was criticized for stability issues and other bugs . The turn - based tactical combat , however , was generally thought to be implemented well , and is arguably the most faithful representation of the then - current tabletop role - playing game ( `` 3.5e '' ) rules in a video game .  - Troika Games was a video game developer co-founded by Jason Anderson, Tim Cain and Leonard Boyarsky. The company was focused on role-playing video games between 1998 and 2005, best known for "" and "".  - Atari Interactive is a name used by several separate groups and corporations since the mid-1990s. In 1996, it was the name of Atari Corporation's PC publishing division, bringing games like the Atari Jaguar's "Tempest 2000" to the PC platform. From 1998 to 2001, Atari Interactive, Inc. was the name of the corporate entity that held the Atari properties purchased from JTS by Hasbro in 1998, and functioned as the retro publishing subsidiary of Hasbro Interactive. It is currently the name of a wholly owned subsidiary of Atari, SA (formerly Infogrames), who is the current owner of the Atari brand and various other properties formerly belonging to Hasbro Interactive. It was formed in 2001, when IESA acquired Hasbro Interactive and proceeded to rename it to Infogrames Interactive. In 2003, IESA then changed the company name entirely to Atari Interactive, Inc. as part of its worldwide reorganization to focus on use of the Atari brand.  - Pong is one of the earliest arcade video games and the very first sports arcade video game. It is a table tennis sports game featuring simple two-dimensional graphics. While other arcade video games such as "Computer Space" came before it, "Pong" was one of the first video games to reach mainstream popularity. The aim is to defeat an opponent in a simulated table-tennis game by earning a higher score. The game was originally manufactured by Atari, which released it in 1972. Allan Alcorn created "Pong" as a training exercise assigned to him by Atari co-founder Nolan Bushnell. Bushnell based the idea on an electronic ping-pong game included in the Magnavox Odyssey, which later resulted in a lawsuit against Atari. Surprised by the quality of Alcorn's work, Bushnell and Atari co-founder Ted Dabney decided to manufacture the game.  - A role-playing video game (commonly referred to as role-playing game or RPG, and in the past was also known as computer role-playing game or CRPG) is a video game genre where the player controls the actions of a character (and/or several party members) immersed in some well-defined world. Many role-playing video games have origins in pen-and-paper role-playing games (Including "Dungeons & Dragons") and use much of the same , settings and game mechanics. Other major similarities with pen-and-paper games include developed story-telling and narrative elements, player character development, complexity, as well as replayability and immersion. The electronic medium removes the necessity for a gamemaster and increases combat resolution speed. RPGs have evolved from simple text-based console-window games into visually rich 3D experiences. Since the 1980s, Role-playing is the most commercially viable video game genre in Japan, and has more market share of any other genre in the japanese gaming industry, although in the 2010s first-person shooters and western iOS and Android games were becoming rapidly and increasingly popular in that country.  - An arcade game or coin-op is a coin-operated entertainment machine typically installed in public businesses such as restaurants, bars and amusement arcades. Most arcade games are video games, pinball machines, electro-mechanical games, redemption games or merchandisers. While exact dates are debated, the golden age of arcade video games is usually defined as a period beginning sometime in the late 1970s and ending sometime in the mid-1980s. Excluding a brief resurgence in the early 1990s, the arcade industry subsequently declined in the Western hemisphere as competing home-based video game consoles such as Playstation and Xbox increased in their graphics and game-play capability and decreased in cost.  - Ted Dabney is the co-founder of Syzygy and Atari. While working at Ampex Dabney met Nolan Bushnell and the two jointly created Syzygy with their first product being "Computer Space", which was manufactured and sold by Nutting Associates. Following Computer Space, Ted Dabney's video circuit that was created for Computer Space was used by Al Alcorn to create "Pong", with assistance from Dabney and Bushnell. Dabney remained out of the public eye after departing Atari and his role in creating the first commercially produced coin-op video game as well as Syzygy and Atari was often omitted or marginalized with several myths attached. Dabney appeared on the RetroGaming Roundup podcast in October 2010 and told his story in a two-hour interview.  - Tim Cain is an American video game developer best known as the producer, lead programmer and one of the main designers of the 1997 computer game "Fallout". In 2009 he was chosen by IGN as one of the top 100 game creators of all time.  - Atari is a corporate and brand name owned by several entities since its inception in 1972, currently by Atari Interactive, a subsidiary of the French publisher Atari, SA (ASA). The original Atari, Inc. founded in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney was a pioneer in arcade games, home video game consoles, and home computers. The company's products, such as "Pong" and the Atari 2600, helped define the electronic entertainment industry from the 1970s to the mid-1980s.  - Leonard Boyarsky is an American computer game designer and visual artist best known for being one of the key designers of the video games "Fallout" and "Diablo III".  - Atari, Inc. was an American video game developer and home computer company founded in 1972 by Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney. Primarily responsible for the formation of the video arcade and modern video game industries, the company was closed and its assets split in 1984 as a direct result of the North American video game crash of 1983.  - Atari, SA (ASA) is an international French holding company headquartered in Paris, France. It was originally called Infogrames Entertainment, SA (IESA). Its subsidiaries include Atari London Studio, Atari Interactive and Atari, Inc.. Because of continuing pressures upon the company, and difficulty finding investors, it sought bankruptcy protection under French law in January 2013; its subsidiaries in the United States have sought Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection there as well. All three subsidiaries have since exited bankruptcy, and are all going through a vigorous turnaround campaign.  - Nolan Kay Bushnell (born February 5, 1943) is an American electrical engineer and businessman. He established Atari, Inc. and the Chuck E. Cheese's Pizza-Time Theaters chain. Bushnell has been inducted into the Video Game Hall of Fame and the Consumer Electronics Association Hall of Fame, received the BAFTA Fellowship and the Nations Restaurant News Innovator of the Year award, and was named one of "Newsweek"s "50 Men Who Changed America." Bushnell has started more than twenty companies and is one of the founding fathers of the video game industry. He is currently on the board of Anti-Aging Games, but his latest venture is an educational software company called Brainrush that is using video game technology in educational software, incorporating real brain science, in a way that Bushnell believes will fundamentally change education. Nolan, who is co-founder and chairman of Brainrush, believes that Brainrush will be his biggest success.  - The Atari 2600 (or Atari VCS before 1982) is a home video game console by Atari, Inc. Released on September 11, 1977, it is credited with popularizing the use of microprocessor-based hardware and ROM cartridges containing game code, a format first used with the Fairchild Channel F video game console in 1976. This format contrasts with the older model of having non-microprocessor dedicated hardware, which could only play the games that were physically built into the unit.    What entity does 'the temple of elemental evil ' has the relation 'designer' with?