Story highlights Ethan Couch gets 10 years' probation for driving drunk, killing 4 
  
 His defense argued he is a victim of "affluenza" 
  
 "We used to call these people spoiled brats," says the psychologist who used the term 
  
 Prosecutors had sought a 20-year sentence for Couch, 16 
  
 "Affluenza." 
  
 The word touched a national nerve. 
  
 But G. Dick Miller, the psychologist who said it, wishes he could take it back. 
  
 "I wish I hadn't used that term. Everyone seems to have hooked onto it," he told CNN's "Anderson Copper 360" on Thursday night. 
  
 "We used to call these people spoiled brats." 
  
 Miller recently testified on behalf of 16-year-old Ethan Couch, who this week was sentenced to 10 years' probation for driving drunk and causing a crash that killed four people. 
  
 Miller told the court the teen's parents should share part of the blame for the crash because they never set limits for the boy and gave him everything he wanted, according to CNN affiliate WFAA 
  
 Couch is himself a victim -- of "affluenza" -- the psychologist said, suggesting the teen's life could be turned around with treatment and no contact with his parents. 
  
 JUST WATCHED Boyles: Wife, daughter were givers Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Boyles: Wife, daughter were givers 02:43 
  
 JUST WATCHED Callan: Poverty in prison cures affluenza Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Callan: Poverty in prison cures affluenza 03:19 
  
 JUST WATCHED DUI crash kills 4, teen gets probation Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH DUI crash kills 4, teen gets probation 01:49 
  
 A judge, at least in part, appears to have agreed. 
  
 Couch was given no jail time, though he could face up to 10 years behind bars if he violates the terms of his probation. Prosecutors had asked for the maximum of 20 years. 
  
 The judge's decision stunned victims' family members, who say they feel Couch basically got away with murder. 
  
 "Let's face it. ... There needs to be some justice here," Eric Boyles, who lost his wife and daughter, told "Anderson Cooper 360." 
  
 On the night of June 15, his wife, Hollie Boyles, and daughter, Shelby, left their home to help Breanna Mitchell, whose SUV had broken down. Brian Jennings, a youth pastor, was driving past and also stopped to help. 
  
 All four were killed when the teen's pickup plowed into the pedestrians on a road in Burleson, south of Fort Worth. Couch's vehicle also struck a parked car, which then slid into another vehicle headed in the opposite direction. 
  
 Two people riding in the bed of the teen's pickup were tossed in the crash and severely injured. One is no longer able to move or talk because of a brain injury, while the other suffered internal injuries and broken bones. 
  
 According to prosecutors, three hours after the crash, tests showed Couch had a blood alcohol content of 0.24, three times the legal limit. 
  
 "There are absolutely no consequences for what occurred that day," said Boyles. 
  
 "The primary message has to absolutely be that money and privilege can't buy justice in this country -- that it's not OK to drink and drive and kill four people ... and not have any consequences to that. That's not the American dream that we grew up to participate in." 
  
 Couch was sentenced by a juvenile judge Tuesday. Judge Jean Boyd told the court she would not release the teen to his parents, but would work to find Couch a long-term treatment facility. 
  
 According to WFAA, defense attorneys asked that Couch be sent to a small, private facility in California. They reportedly said the teen's father would pay the $450,000 price tag. 
  
 "There is nothing the judge could have done to lessen the suffering for any of those families," said defense attorney Scott Brown, CNN affiliate KTVT reported. 
  
 "(The judge) fashioned a sentence that is going to keep Ethan under the thumb of the justice system for the next 10 years," he said. 
  
 "And if Ethan doesn't do what he's supposed to do, if he has one misstep at all, then this judge, or an adult judge when he's transferred, can then incarcerate him." ||||| The bizarre term ‘affluenza’ has touched a nerve across America. And so has the no-jail sentence handed down to a Texas teenager who killed four people and injured several others in a Texas DUI case. 
  
 Now the psychologist who coined the term and bestowed 16-year-old Ethan Couch of Fort Worth, Texas, with his best defense to avoid jail-time in the case is regretting his clever word-smithing. 
  
 “I wish I had never used the term,” psychologist G. Dick Miller confessed to CNN’s Anderson Cooper Thursday. “Everyone has latched on to it.” 
  
 But as the psychologist talked, he only seemed to create more ire associated with his novel diagnosis of ‘affluenza.’ It turns out there was no real science or school of psychological thought behind making money the prime legal defense for an over-privileged teen. 
  
 Instead, Miller suggested that the entire nation, the richest in the world, is afflicted with affluenza: Everyone from parents who give their kids too much to obese Americans with too much food to eat. 
  
 “We all suffer from affluenza,” Miller declared. “We have a nation doing that.” 
  
 Couch received a sentence of ten years’ probation after a judge bought the defense's argument that Couch was a victim of 'affluenza.' Couch’s defense lawyer said the 16-year old was not taught right from wrong by his parents, and that his parents should actually share some of the blame. The teen had faced up to 20 years in prison. Needless to say, the relatives of victims in the case were crushed. 
  
 Clearly, over-privilege was at the heart of the case, right from the start. As more reporting emerges about the devastating DUI crash that killed four people emerges, the image of the entitled 16-year-old from a moneyed family grows darker: 
  
 Ethan Couch had other arrests leading up to the crash, including for improper possession of alcohol. And according to Couch’s own friends who were in the F-350 Ford pick-up during the crash, the teen knew that his name and family money would get him off right from the start: 
  
 Couch is quoted as saying at the terrible accident scene, with bodies flung from vehicles and people dead or dying: “I’m Ethan Couch. I’ll get you out of this.” 
  
 On this, he was right. 
  
 So what is it about this case that has so touched a nerve across America? 
  
 Tell us your take in the comments. 
  
  
  
 <br> 
  
  
  
  ||||| Anderson Cooper spent the better part of a half-hour last night grilling Dr. G. Dick Miller, the defense-called psychologist who used the term "affluenza" in the troubling case of Ethan Couch, the 16-year-old who avoided serving prison time for killing four people in a drunken-driving crash this summer. Above is clip No. 2 of 3 from that interview (you can find all three clips here, but if you only have time for one, No. 2 is probably the one you want). 
  
 Josh Voorhees Josh Voorhees is a Slate senior writer. He lives in Iowa City. 
  
 The interview itself is frustrating, in large part because I'd much rather see Cooper cross-examine Judge Jean Boyd, who is the one who sentenced Couch to 10 years' probation instead of the 20-year prison sentence that prosecutors had asked for. But she has yet to publicly defend her decision, so instead we're left with Miller, who basically argues for the position that we should always err on the side of probation and rehab over prison time. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
  
  
 That's certainly a conversation worth having, but it's not what's causing the outrage over Couch's sentence. Instead the understandable outrcy is over the perception that the relatively lenient sentence was predicated on the fact that the teen's family has lots of money—both because that was the basis for the "affluenza" defense that more or less claimed Couch didn't know his actions had consequences because he came from privilege, and because his parents are the ones footing the bill for his stay at a $450,000-a-year, in-patient rehab facility near Newport Beach as part of the sentence (a center that Cooper repeatedly, and almost compulsively, points out offers "equine therapy.") 
  
 It's hard to imagine a poor teen being handed the same sentence for committing the same crime, or even a similar one, but this too is a topic that Miller more or less dodges, preventing Cooper from landing the cathartic knockout blow that viewers no doubt were hoping for. (Then again, Miller probably wasn't the best target for that punch anyway.) 
  
  
  
 Miller also seems to blur his specific "affluenza" argument when he suggests, more than once, that Couch's is far from a special case. "I wish I hadn't used that term. Everyone seems to have hooked onto it," he told Cooper. "We used to call these people spoiled brats." There's also the issue that throughout the interview Miller repeatedly suggests that Couch wasn't actually responsible for the deaths of the four people that were killed in the crash. He repeatedly takes issue with Anderson describing their deaths as murders, and even goes as far as to push back against the idea that Couch killed them, granting only: "Four people died." 
  
 Slate, along with the rest of the Internet, will no doubt have more on this story later, but for now anyone who needs a refresher on the details can find one here. 
  
 ***Follow @JoshVoorhees and the rest of the @slatest team on Twitter.*** |||||

Write a summary.