Article:
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter 
  
 MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The Miami-Dade Police Department has confirmed two of their officers have been shot in Northwest Miami-Dade Monday night. 
  
 Miami-Dade Police Director Juan Perez, who held a press conference outside the hospital, said the shooting happened at the Annie Coleman apartment complex near NW 60th Street and 20th Avenue at around 10 p.m. 
  
 “Today we had a very scary incident. Obviously, we have two of our officers that work in the homicide task force, part of the gang unit, conducting an investigation near the Annie Coleman apartments,” he said. “The end result of their operation was that they were apparently shot in an ambush-style attack.” 
  
 Police said two men ambushed the officers unprovoked. It’s unknown if shooters had any idea they targets were cops. 
  
 One of the officers returned fire. It’s not known if a suspect was hit or not. 
  
 A witness said she was on the phone with her boyfriend, who lives in the neighborhood, when she heard over two dozen shots. 
  
 Police from multiple agencies set up a very large perimeter, extending as far as NW 56th Street. 
  
 CBS4’s Silva Harapetian noted there were several helicopters in the air assisting in the search and saw SWAT passing through the area. 
  
 Fire rescue from Miami-Dade County and the city of Miami were on the scene as well. 
  
 Miami Fire Rescue told CBS4’s Oralia Ortega they were there in case anyone was injured during the search. 
  
 Ortega was told by police that they do not have anyone in custody at this time. 
  
 Authorities have not said how many people they are looking for at this time. Detectives did say one suspect is a black male between 17 or 18 years old. 
  
 The officers were rushed to Jackson Memorial Hospital in the back of a pick-up truck. 
  
 CBS4’s Hank Tester was able to confirm the two officers are in stable condition. 
  
 Perez was joined by Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez at the press conference outside the hospital. 
  
 “As the director said, this was a brazen act of violence committed against two of our finest officers. They’re there trying to protect us and this community, and they were ambushed and we’re not gonna tolerate it,” said Gimenez. 
  
 Both Perez and Gimenez asked that the community step forward and provide all they information they have to help find those responsible. 
  
 “We need you now to step up to the plate. And if you know something, if you saw something, say something,” Perez said. “These people, if they are willing to do that to our own officers, are causing havoc in our community, causing chaos in people’s live, putting people below the ground. That’s what these guys are, murders in our community. So let’s work together to find a resolution to what occurred tonight.” 
  
 Gimenez added, “You can tell by their tone and also the look on their faces that we are all united.” 
  
 If you have any information that can help police, please contact Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-TIPS. 
  
 Stay with CBSMiami.com for updates on this developing story. ||||| MIAMI - A pickup truck carrying two wounded Miami-Dade police officers sped up to the doors of Ryder Trauma Center at Jackson Memorial Hospital on Monday night. 
  
 The officers, who are members of a violent crime task force, were ambushed at about 10 p.m. while they were conducting surveillance at an apartment complex in the 1900 block of Northwest 59th Street as part of a multi-agency operation on gang activity, Maj. Hector Llevat said. 
  
 "One of the officers was able to return fire," Llevat said. "Individuals like this that have the audacity to ambush a vehicle unprovoked and open fire like that are individuals in this community that are causing havoc and terrorizing this community day in and day out. These are the officers that were out here to put a stop to that." 
  
 Officers in the area sprung to action after the shooting. 
  
 "They could smell the gunpowder," Miami-Dade police Director Juan Perez said. "They were running after the smell of gunpowder, trying to find these individuals." 
  
 The wounded officers were rushed to the hospital in the bed of a pickup truck and were able to limp inside with the help of their colleagues. They were identified Tuesday as Terence White and Charles Woods. White is a 26-year veteran of the Miami-Dade Police Department, while Woods is an 11-year veteran. 
  
 "We do whatever we have to do to save our officers," Perez said. "We got lucky tonight that the officers will survive. It's not going to deter us. In fact, what this does is the opposite. This burns a fire inside of us right now to continue to work even harder." 
  
 The officers were in stable condition at the hospital Monday night while the shooters remained at large. Woods, who was shot in the leg, has been released from the hospital. 
  
 "These are the people who are shooting our kids," Perez said. "These are the people that shoot at the Martin Luther King parade. These are the people who are causing that havoc in our community, and we're not going to stop. This isn't going to deter us from doing our jobs. This is going to ignite a bigger fire within us to protect our citizens, our communities and our neighborhoods here in Miami-Dade." 
  
 Perez asked the public for prayers for the two injured officers and called on anyone with information about the shooting to come forward. 
  
 "That's what these guys are, murderers in our community. So let's get together, let's work together, to find a resolution to what occurred here tonight," he said. "Point us in the right direction." 
  
 Miami-Dade County Mayor Carlos Gimenez echoed Perez's message and said attacks on officers will not be tolerated. 
  
 "You can see by the tone and also the look on their faces, we're all united," Gimenez said. "Whoever perpetrated this crime against our two officers, we're going to do everything in our power to arrest them and bring them to justice." 
  
 He asked for those with information to come forward. 
  
 "If they can shoot a police officer, they can shoot at anybody," Gimenez said. "So we want to put these perpetrators away before they hurt anyone else or, God forbid, kill somebody else, because they have no regard for anything in our community. They don't deserve to be walking the streets of Miami-Dade County." 
  
 Police released a description of one of the two shooters. 
  
 That person is described as being between 17 to 18 years old and was last seeing wearing a dark-colored hooded sweatshirt that was closed in a way so that only his eyes were shown. 
  
 Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. 
  
 Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved. ||||| MIAMI – The search is on for a pair of gunmen who ambushed two undercover Miami-Dade detectives at the Annie Coleman apartment complex, CBS Miami reports. 
  
 Miami-Dade Police 
  
 The officers, who are assigned to the Homicide Street Violence Task Force, were inside an unmarked vehicle in the parking lot of the complex at 1937 NW 60 Street around 10 p.m. Monday when they came under fire. 
  
 “They were conducting surveillance for gang activity when they were ambushed in their vehicle. Two subjects opened fire on the officers and they ended up being injured. One of the officers was able to return fire,” said police Major Hector Llevat. 
  
 One detective was shot in the leg, the other in the arm. 
  
 An arriving officer rushed the two detectives to the Jackson Ryder Trauma Center in the back of a black pickup truck. 
  
 On Tuesday morning, one of the detectives was listed in stable condition. The other was treated and released, police said. 
  
 “They are lucky to be alive. It’s been a while since I’ve seen a car hit by so many rounds. A high powered weapon struck that vehicle and the officers should be counting their blessings today. We certainly are counting our blessings. Hopefully, the community will come through for us and whoever has information on the perpetrators responsible for the vicious attack on our officers, in this ambush type attack, will come forward,” said Miami-Dade Police Director Juan Perez. 
  
 CBS Miami 
  
 “This was a brazen act of violence committed against two of our finest officers. They’re there trying to protect us and this community, and they were ambushed and we’re not gonna tolerate it,” said Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez. 
  
 One of the injured officers is a 26-year veteran of the force, the other an 11-year veteran. 
  
 Officers from multiple agencies are involved in the search for the gunmen. Police helicopters assisted in the search from the air as SWAT teams hit the surrounding streets. 
  
 If you have any information that can help police, please contact Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-TIPS. ||||| SHARE COPY LINK Miami-Dade Police Maj. Hector Llevat speaks to the media about a police involved shooting that took place on Monday, March 27, 2017. A large area was blocked off after two Miami-Dade police undercover detectives were shot as they sat in their unma Matias Ocner For the Miami Herald 
  
 Miami-Dade Police Maj. Hector Llevat speaks to the media about a police involved shooting that took place on Monday, March 27, 2017. A large area was blocked off after two Miami-Dade police undercover detectives were shot as they sat in their unma Matias Ocner For the Miami Herald |||||Summary: