Article:
Media ‘Megyn Kelly Today’ Ratings Not All Sunshine for NBC’s New Morning Host Image Megyn Kelly drew 2.9 million viewers on her first day as host of the 9 a.m. hour of NBC’s “Today” show. By the end of her first week, the number had fallen to 2.3 million. Credit Chad Batka for The New York Times 
  
 Megyn Kelly, the new host of the 9 a.m. hour of NBC’s “Today” show, is off to a soft start in the ratings. 
  
 In her first week as a cheerful morning personality, Ms. Kelly, a former Fox News anchor, drew an average of 2.5 million viewers, according to Nielsen, with 765,000 of them in the 25-to-54-year-old demographic prized by advertisers and network executives. 
  
 The total audience for “Megyn Kelly Today,” Ms. Kelly’s portion of the show, was roughly in line with what “Today” was reaching in the same hour before making the change, when it was hosted by Al Roker, Dylan Dreyer and Sheinelle Jones. In the coveted age bracket, the show’s audience for Ms. Kelly was 5 percent smaller than it was the previous week. 
  
 NBC hired Ms. Kelly, 46, in January. She had spent 12 years as part of the 21st Century Fox family and was a popular figure among the cable network’s conservative viewers. In an effort to keep her from leaving, Fox reportedly offered her an annual salary of $20 million, but to no avail. 
  
 Ms. Kelly’s first “Today” hour, which featured as its main guests the cast of the rebooted NBC sitcom “Will & Grace,” had an audience of 2.9 million viewers. The next day, 2.6 million viewers tuned in. By week’s end, the number had fallen to 2.3 million. 
  
 With its host reportedly making a salary of $17 million a year and a new set having been constructed within NBC’s Rockefeller Plaza headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, “Megyn Kelly Today” is more costly than the previous 9 a.m. segment of “Today.” Losing viewers, in the long run, would be a problem. 
  
 Ms. Kelly’s first week was highly scrutinized, and the early reviews for the show were brutal. She addressed them at the end of her hour on Sept. 29, saying, “It’s been very exciting, it’s been so educational, I’ve been just so delighted by the media response, which is really” — she shook her head before continuing — “no.” 
  
 After a breath, she added, “The viewer response has been awesome!” 
  
 As Ms. Kelly moved away from the sometimes prosecutorial persona she inhabited during much of her tenure at Fox, there were a few bumpy moments. The “Will & Grace” star Debra Messing said after appearing on the show that she regretted having done so. Jane Fonda blanched when Ms. Kelly asked her to talk about plastic surgery procedures she has had. And a vulgarity uttered by a cameraman who inadvertently walked into a shot went viral. 
  
 Another awkward moment came on Oct. 3, two days after the mass shooting in Las Vegas, when Ms. Kelly cut off Tom Brokaw, the former longtime NBC anchor and network eminence, as he went into a lengthy discourse on gun rights and the National Rifle Association. 
  
 “Got it,” Ms. Kelly said, adding that she had to “leave it at that, Tom,” before shifting to a commercial break. (Mr. Brokaw later told The Washington Post that he was having problems with his hearing aid. “I’m a Kelly fan,” he added.) 
  
 Ms. Kelly has said that the show would be a mix of a talk show and a news show, and it has moved in both directions, from typical morning fare — celebrity interviews, a segment involving an adorable crime-fighting dog — to gritty discussions of the O. J. Simpson and Menendez brothers cases. 
  
 NBC has said from the start that it would be patient with the show. Andrew Lack, the network’s news chairman, told affiliates months ago that he did not expect things to be “perfect” with both of Ms. Kelly’s new programs — she also hosts a Sunday evening show, which is on hiatus — in the early going. 
  
 At least for now, it appears that Ms. Kelly’s main competitor, ABC’s “Live with Kelly and Ryan,” will maintain a lead in the ratings. In the top 56 media markets, “Live” beat “Megyn Kelly Today” by 21 percent in households last week, according to Nielsen. 
  
 Exact audience figures for last week’s episodes of “Live,” a syndicated show featuring Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest, will not be available until next week. It averaged an 2.8 million viewers in the week before Ms. Kelly’s debut, with 915,000 in the 25-to-54 age range. 
  
 For Ms. Kelly and NBC executives, there was one hopeful nugget buried in the Nielsen data: The number of viewers in the 25-to-54 demographic was 755,000 on Sept. 29, after having fallen to roughly 649,000 the day before. 
  
 Order Reprints | Today’s Paper | Subscribe A version of this article appears in print on , on Page B 2 of the New York edition with the headline: The Ratings for ‘Megyn Kelly Today’? Well, There’s Always Tomorrow 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 The All-New DealBook Our columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and his Times colleagues help you make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them. Please verify you’re not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. * Required field You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times products and services. * Required field Thank you for subscribing. View all New York Times newsletters. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters. Sign Up ||||| CLOSE “I’m so excited; I’m also a little nervous,” she admits as her new show, Megyn Kelly TODAY, premieres. She tells the live studio audience “I’m kind of done with politics for now,” talks about her family and describes events that have shaped her. NBC News’ Megyn Kelly TODAY 
  
 Former Fox News host Megyn Kelly prepares for her morning debut on NBC's 'Megyn Kelly Today.' (Photo: Peter Kramer, NBC) 
  
 Megyn Kelly called her new morning show a work in progress, but she may need to show marked improvement to justify her NBC price tag. 
  
 The former Fox News anchor's Megyn Kelly Today, which premiered Sept. 25, averaged 2.5 million viewers for her first full week, according to Nielsen estimates. That's down 12% from results for Today's 9 a.m. ET/PT hour in the same week last year, in the midst of the election campaign — when Al Roker, Tamron Hall and Billy Bush were anchoring — and down a steep 24% among core news viewers ages 25 to 54. 
  
 The good news: After starting with 2.9 million on Monday and dipping to 2.3 million by Wednesday, she leveled off there for the remainder of the week. 
  
 More: 'Megyn Kelly Today': 'It's not going to be the Trump channel,' she promises 
  
 Premiere-week ratings for the syndicated Live with Kelly and Ryan, which airs opposite Megyn on many ABC stations, are not yet available. But Megyn Kelly Today's lead-in, the 8 a.m. hour of Today, was off a smaller 8%, to 3.7 million, ranking second to ABC's Good Morning America (also down), after tying it in the same week last year. And Today's 10 a.m. hour, starring Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb, was down 7%, to 1.8 million. 
  
 NBC will be hard-pressed to justify Kelly's estimated $17 million salary when her lesser-paid predecessors had more viewers, and her summer magazine series regularly ranked third in its time slot behind repeats of 60 Minutes and America's Funniest Videos. 
  
 But NBC News president Noah Oppenheim told USA TODAY, before the morning show premiered, that he'd exhibit patience: "Launching a TV show is a hard thing to do, and we're certainly not naïve about that." 
  
 Critics pounced on what they called Kelly's missteps in her first days on the air. 
  
 'Will & Grace' star Debra Messing, center, says she was "dismayed" by a question host Megyn Kelly asked a gay fan of the show. (Photo: Nathan Congleton/NBC) 
  
 She cheerily told a Will & Grace fan on Monday's premiere that "the gay thing is going to work out great" for him, leading the NBC comedy's star Debra Messing to later say she regretted agreeing to appear on the show with her castmates. 
  
 On Wednesday, Kelly asked Jane Fonda about her plastic surgery, as the flummoxed 79-year-old actress, sitting next to Robert Redford, said, "We really want to talk about that now?" 
  
 And this week, she generated more headlines after she cut off Tom Brokaw mid-sentence during his impassioned speech about the National Rifle Association, in a panel discussion that followed the Las Vegas gun massacre, blaming a "hard break" for a commercial. 
  
 Critics also took issue with her transformation from a sharp-elbowed interviewer on Fox News' The Kelly File — where she frequently echoed right-wing talking points about gay marriage and other social issues — to her new role as a warm, touchy-feely morning-show host, for which empathy is part of the job description. 
  
 In an earlier interview with USA TODAY, Kelly said she's not a fan of politics and has long wanted to do the type of show she has now. She also said she isn't concerned about the weak track record of daytime hosts such as Katie Couric, Meredith Vieira and Jane Pauley after their Today tenures. "The more time you spend looking over your shoulder, at your competitor or someone that came prior to you, the more you fail." 
  
 CLOSE The critics have spoken and Megyn Kelly's debut on 'Today' was super awkward. USA TODAY 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2klIOsg |||||Summary: