Please answer the following question: Information:  - Lieutenant general, lieutenant-general and similar (abbrev Lt Gen, LTG and similar) is a three-star military rank (NATO code OF-8) used in many countries. The rank traces its origins to the Middle Ages, where the title of lieutenant general was held by the second in command on the battlefield, who was normally subordinate to a captain general.  - Social work is an academic and practice-based professional discipline that seeks to facilitate the welfare of communities, individuals, families, and groups. It may promote social change, development, cohesion, and empowerment. Underpinned by theories of social sciences and guided by principles of social justice, human rights, collective responsibility, and respect for diversities, social work engages people and structures to address life challenges and enhance well-being.  - The German Empire (officially ') was the historical German nation state that existed from the unification of Germany in 1871 to the abdication of Kaiser Wilhelm II in November 1918, when Germany became a federal republic (the Weimar Republic).  - Battle of Kaniv, or Battle of Kaniów took place during World War I on the night of 1011 May 1918, near Kaniv, Ukraine between Polish and German army troops. The fighting pitted the Polish II Corps in Russia (including Brigade II of the Polish Legions), under general Józef Haller von Hallenburg, against the German Imperial Army (including the 28th Landwehr Brigade), under general Zierhold. Ultimately the Germans were victorious with about half of the Polish forces surrendering and the rest retreating in disarray.  - The Central Powers , consisting of Germany, , the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria  hence also known as the Quadruple Alliance  was one of the two main factions during World War I (191418). It faced and was defeated by the Allied Powers that had formed around the Triple Entente, after which it was dissolved.  - The Triple Entente (from French "entente" "friendship, understanding, agreement") was the understanding linking the Russian Empire, the French Third Republic, and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland after the signing of the Anglo-Russian Entente on 31 August 1907. The understanding between the three powers, supplemented by agreements with Japan and Portugal, constituted a powerful counterweight to the Triple Alliance of Germany, Austria-Hungary and the Kingdom of Italy, though Italy did not side with Germany and Austria during World War I, and joined the Entente Powers instead, in the 1915 Treaty of London.  - The Order of Polonia Restituta is a Polish state order established 4 February 1921. It is conferred to both military and civilians as well as to foreigners for outstanding achievements in the fields of education, science, sport, culture, art, economics, national defense, social work, civil service, or for furthering good relations between countries.  - Austria-Hungary, often referred to as the Austro-Hungarian Empire in English-language sources, was a constitutional union of the Austrian Empire (the Kingdoms and lands represented in the Imperial Council, or "Cisleithania") and the Kingdom of Hungary (Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen or "Transleithania") that existed from 1867 to 1918, when it collapsed as a result of defeat in World War I. The union was a result of the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867 and came into existence on 30 March 1867. Austria-Hungary consisted of two monarchies (Austria and Hungary), and one autonomous region: the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia under the Hungarian crown, which negotiated the CroatianHungarian Settlement ("Nagodba") in 1868. It was ruled by the House of Habsburg, and constituted the last phase in the constitutional evolution of the Habsburg Monarchy. Following the 1867 reforms, the Austrian and the Hungarian states were co-equal. Foreign affairs and the military came under joint oversight, but all other governmental faculties were divided between respective states.  - The Battle of Raracza was fought between Polish Legionnaires, and Austria-Hungary, from February 15 to 16, 1918, near Raracza in Bukovina, and ended with a Polish victory.  - Russia, also officially known as the Russian Empire, was a state that existed from 1721 until it was overthrown by the short-lived liberal February Revolution in 1917. One of the largest empires in world history, stretching over three continents, the Russian Empire was surpassed in landmass only by the British and Mongol empires. The rise of the Russian Empire happened in association with the decline of neighboring rival powers: the Swedish Empire, the PolishLithuanian Commonwealth, Persia and the Ottoman Empire. It played a major role in 181214 in defeating Napoleon's ambitions to control Europe, and expanded to the west and south.  - In the history of Europe, the Middle Ages or medieval period lasted from the 5th to the 15th century. It began with the fall of the Western Roman Empire and merged into the Renaissance and the Age of Discovery. The Middle Ages is the middle period of the three traditional divisions of Western history: classical antiquity, the medieval period, and the modern period. The medieval period is itself subdivided into the Early, High, and Late Middle Ages.  - Second in Command is a 2006 American action film starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and directed by Simon Fellows. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on May 2, 2006.  - The Polish II Corps in Russia was a Polish military formation formed in revolutionary Russia in 1917.  - The Austro-Hungarian Army was the ground force of the Austro-Hungarian Dual Monarchy from 1867 to 1918. It was composed of three parts: the joint army (", "Common Army", recruited from all parts of the country), the Imperial Austrian Landwehr (recruited from Cisleithania), and the Royal Hungarian Honved (recruited from Transleithania).  - Cisleithania (also "Zisleithanien", , , , , , , , , transliterated: "Tsysleitàniia") was a common yet unofficial denotation of the northern and western part of Austria-Hungary, the Dual Monarchy created in the Compromise of 1867as distinguished from "Transleithania", i.e. the Hungarian Lands of the Crown of Saint Stephen east of ("beyond") the Leitha River.  - Dual monarchy occurs when two separate kingdoms are ruled by the same monarch, follow the same foreign policy, exist in a customs union with each other and have a combined military but are otherwise self-governing. The term is typically used to refer to AustriaHungary, a dual monarchy that existed from 1867 to 1918.  - A civil servant or public servant is a person in the public sector employed for a government department or agency. The extent of civil servants of a state as part of the "civil service" varies from country to country. In the United Kingdom, for instance, only Crown (national government) employees are referred to as civil servants whereas county or city employees are not.  - The Polish Legions (Polish "Legiony Polskie") was a name of the Polish military force (the first active Polish army in generations) established in August 1914 in Galicia soon after World War I erupted between the opposing alliances of the Triple Entente on one side (including the British Empire, the French Republic and the Russian Empire); and the Central Powers on the other side, including the German Empire and Austria-Hungary. The Legions became "a founding myth for the creation of modern Poland" in spite of their considerably short existence; they were replaced by the Polish Auxiliary Corps formation on 20 September 1916, merged with Polish II Corps in Russia on 19 February 1918 for the Battle of Raracza against Austria-Hungary, and disbanded following the military defeat at the Battle of Kaniów in May 1918, against imperial Germany. General Haller escaped to France to form the Polish army in the West against the anti-Polish German-Bolshevik treaty.  - Karol Durski - Trzaska ( 1849 -- 1935 ) was an officer in Austro - Hungarian Army and later , Polish Army . Reached the rank of Lieutenant General ( Feldmarschalleutnant ) in Austrian - Hungarian Army ; commander of Austrian Polish Legions in World War I from 23 September 1914 to December 1915 . Transferred to reserve afterwards . He served in the Polish Army from 1919 to 1922 , in reserve again afterwards . Recipient of the Silver Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta and the Commander 's Cross of the Polonia Restituta .  - The British Empire comprised the dominions, colonies, protectorates, mandates and other territories ruled or administered by the United Kingdom and its predecessor states. It originated with the overseas possessions and trading posts established by England between the late 16th and early 18th centuries. At its height, it was the largest empire in history and, for over a century, was the foremost global power. By 1913, the British Empire held sway over 412 million people, % of the world population at the time, and by 1920, it covered , % of the Earth's total land area. As a result, its political, legal, linguistic and cultural legacy is widespread. At the peak of its power, the phrase "the empire on which the sun never sets" was often used to describe the British Empire, because its expanse around the globe meant that the sun was always shining on at least one of its territories.    What is the relationship between 'karol durski-trzaska' and 'poland'?
Answer: