Here is a news article: Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| CLOSE The Seattle catcher is being criticized for a controversial tweet he made about the protesters in Charlotte. USA TODAY 
  
 Catcher Steve Clevenger is a journeyman with six years in the majors. (Photo: Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports) 
  
 The Seattle Mariners suspended Steve Clevenger without pay for the remainder of the season, moving swiftly Friday to discipline their backup catcher after his set of tweets imploring that protestors in Charlotte should be “locked behind bars like animals.” 
  
 Clevenger, 30, who has played in just 22 games this season, issued an apology Thursday night for his tweets referring to protests in North Carolina following the fatal police shooting of an African American. He will not appeal his suspension, according to a person with direct knowledge of the issue. The person spoke to USA TODAY Sports on condition of anonymity because the matter is ongoing. 
  
 Clevenger’s tweets read: 
  
 “Black people beating whites when a thug got shot holding a gun by a black officer haha (expletive) cracks me up! Keep kneeling for the anthem! 
  
 “BLM (Black Lives Matter) is pathetic again! Obama you are pathetic once again! Everyone should be locked behind bars like animals!” 
  
 The Mariners issued a statement Thursday condemning the tweets, with general manager Jerry Dipoto noting the club is “examining all internal options available to us.” 
  
 Twitter | @jonhumbert Jon Humbert on Twitter 
  
 Clevenger was making a non-guaranteed $517,000 this season; his suspension will cost him around $32,000. 
  
 A lifetime .227 hitter in 170 games over six seasons, Clevenger batted .221 with one home run this season. He's best known for being included in trades that sent eventual ace Jake Arrieta from the Baltimore Orioles to the Chicago Cubs, and slugger Mark Trumbo from the Mariners the Orioles this past off-season. 
  
 Demonstrators in Charlotte have been protesting the death of Keith Lamont Scott, a black man who was shot and killed by police. Two officers and nine civilians were injured and 44 people arrested on Wednesday in several hours of violence that broke out following peaceful protests, prompting Gov. Pat McCrory to declare a state of emergency. 
  
 Clevenger's apology Thursday focused on the "distraction" he caused teammates and was "sickened by the idea that anyone would think of me in racist terms." 
  
 "I grew up on the streets of Baltimore, a city I love to this very day," Clevenger said in a statement first released to Fox Sports. "I grew up in a very culturally diverse area of America and I am very proud to come from there. I am also proud that my inner circle of friends has never been defined by race but by the content of their character. Any former teammate or anyone who has met me can attest to this and I pride myself on not being a judgemental person. I just ask that the public not judge me because of an ill worded tweet. 
  
 "I do believe that supporting our First Amendment rights and supporting local law enforcement are not mutually exclusive. With everything going on in the world I really just want what is best for everyone regardless of who they are. I like many Americans are frustrated by a lot of things in the world and I would like to be a part of the dialogue moving forward to make this a better world for everyone. I once again apologize to anyone who was offended today and I just ask you not judge me off of a social media posting. Thank you and God bless everyone." 
  
 Clevenger attended Mt. St. Joseph's High School, a Catholic college preparatory school in Baltimore that also produced All-Star first baseman Mark Teixeira. 
  
 Contributing: Bob Nightengale 
  
 GALLERY: NOTABLE MLB SUSPENSIONS ||||| Thursday, Mariners backup catcher Steve Clevenger made some inflammatory comments on Twitter (the NSFW screen-grabs are here and here). The team immediately released a statement saying that it strongly disagrees with the "language and tone" of Clevenger's comments. 
  
 Friday, the club took further action: 
  
 The #Mariners have announced that catcher Steve Clevenger has been suspended without pay for the remainder of the season. — MarinersPR (@MarinersPR) September 23, 2016 
  
 Per Major League Baseball's social media policy, that was implemented in 2012, players are prohibited from putting forth social media content that is "derogatory or insensitive to individuals based on race, color, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or religion, including, but not limited to, slurs, jokes, stereotypes or other inappropriate remarks." 
  
 Clevenger, 30, is a career .227/.284/.324 hitter and has been below average at throwing out would-be basestealers. He's only appeared in 22 games this season. Given his lackluster career numbers, these comments are probably career-threatening. ||||| The other shoe has dropped in the Steve Clevenger saga: The Seattle Mariners have suspended the injured catcher for the rest of the season because of racially-charged tweets about the Charlotte protests, the Black Lives Matter movement and President Obama. 
  
 General manager Jerry Dipoto said in a statement: 
  
 Scroll to continue with content Ad 
  
 “As soon as we became aware of the tweets posted by Steve yesterday we began to examine all of our options in regard to his standing on the team. Today we have informed him that he is suspended for the remainder of the season without pay.” 
  
 Clevenger was already on the 60-day disabled list and wasn’t going to play this season anyway. This isn’t about playing time, rather they’re punishing him in his wallet. He’ll now forfeit the remainder of his $516,500 salary for this season. That comes out to about $31,900 for the final 10 games. 
  
 The Mariners suspended catcher Steve Clevenger for his tweets about the Charlotte protests. (Getty Images) 
  
 The tweets that started all this came Thursday afternoon in response to the protests in Charlotte that had turned violent the night before. Protestors were upset about the death of Keith Lamont Scott, a 43-year-old African-American man, who was shot and killed by police Tuesday. When the protests turned violent, one person was shot (and later died), 16 police officers were injured and multiple police vehicles were damaged. 
  
 Here are screenshots of his Clevenger’s tweets taken before he made his Twitter account private. The most incendiary part was Clevenger saying “everyone involved should be locked behind bars like animals.” 
  
 Story continues 
  
 Rational person: "That Mark Trumbo-for-Steve Clevenger trade this offseason cannot possibly get any worse." Steve Clevenger: "Wanna bet?" pic.twitter.com/AtVMYQE9Rk — Jeff Passan (@JeffPassan) September 23, 2016 
  
  
  
  
  
 Clevenger issued a statement on Thursday night, apologizing for the incident and maintaining that he’s not a racist. His statement read: 
  
 “First and foremost I would like to apologize to the Seattle Mariners, my teammates, my family and the fans of our great game for the distraction my tweets on my personal twitter page caused when they went public earlier today. I am sickened by the idea that anyone would think of me in racist terms. My tweets were reactionary to the events I saw on the news and were worded beyond poorly at best and I can see how and why someone could read into my tweets far more deeply than how I actually feel. 
  
 “I grew up on the streets of Baltimore, a city I love to this very day. I grew up in a very culturally diverse area of America and I am very proud to come from there. I am also proud that my inner circle of friends has never been defined by race but by the content of their character. Any former teammate or anyone who has met me can attest to this and I pride myself on not being a judgemental person. I just ask that the public not judge me because of an ill worded tweet. 
  
 “I do believe that supporting our First Amendment rights and supporting local law enforcement are not mutually exclusive. With everything going on in the world I really just want what is best for everyone regardless of who they are. I like many Americans are frustrated by a lot of things in the world and I would like to be a part of the dialogue moving forward to make this a better world for everyone. 
  
 “I once again apologize to anyone who was offended today and I just ask you not judge me off of a social media posting. Thank you and God bless everyone.” 
  
 The bigger questions now are about Clevenger’s future. He’s a 30-year-old backup catcher who hasn’t played more than 69 games in any season of his six-year MLB career. He’s a career .227 hitter with four homers. The Mariners have him under team control until 2020. He’s arbitration eligible in 2017. 
  
 Will the Mariners cut him loose in the offseason? If so, would another team sign him? These things remain to be seen. 
  
 More MLB coverage from Yahoo Sports: 
  
 Mike Oz is the editor of Big League Stew on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at mikeozstew@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter! |||||
A summary of this is?