Answer the following question: Information:  - Malaria is a mosquito-borne infectious disease affecting humans and other animals caused by parasitic protozoans (a group of single-celled microorganisms) belonging to the "Plasmodium" type. Malaria causes symptoms that typically include fever, fatigue, vomiting, and headaches. In severe cases it can cause yellow skin, seizures, coma, or death. Symptoms usually begin ten to fifteen days after being bitten. If not properly treated, people may have recurrences of the disease months later. In those who have recently survived an infection, reinfection usually causes milder symptoms. This partial resistance disappears over months to years if the person has no continuing exposure to malaria. The disease is most commonly transmitted by an infected female "Anopheles" mosquito. The mosquito bite introduces the parasites from the mosquito's saliva into a person's blood. The parasites travel to the liver where they mature and reproduce. Five species of "Plasmodium" can infect and be spread by humans. Most deaths are caused by "P. falciparum" because "P. vivax", "P. ovale", and "P. malariae" generally cause a milder form of malaria. The species "P. knowlesi" rarely causes disease in humans. Malaria is typically diagnosed by the microscopic examination of blood using blood films, or with antigen-based rapid diagnostic tests. Methods that use the polymerase chain reaction to detect the parasite's DNA have been developed, but are not widely used in areas where malaria is common due to their cost and complexity. The risk of disease can be reduced by preventing mosquito bites through the use of mosquito nets and insect repellents, or with mosquito control measures such as spraying insecticides and draining standing water. Several medications are available to prevent malaria in travellers to areas where the disease is common. Occasional doses of the combination medication sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine are recommended in infants and after the first trimester of pregnancy in areas with high rates of malaria. Despite a need, no...  - Mosquito control manages the population of mosquitoes to reduce their damage to human health, economies, and enjoyment. Mosquito control is a vital public-health practice throughout the world and especially in the tropics because mosquitoes spread many diseases, such as malaria and the Zika virus.  - Plasmodium , commonly known as the malaria parasite , is a large genus of parasitic protozoa . As with some other genera of clinically important microorganisms , the genus name also yields a common noun ; thus species of the genus are known as plasmodia . Infection with plasmodia is known as malaria , a deadly disease widespread in the tropics . The parasite always has two hosts in its life cycle : a Dipteran insect host and a vertebrate host . Sexual reproduction always occurs in the insect definitive host ( also known as the disease vector ) . The life - cycle is complex , involving a sequence of different stages both in the vector and the vertebrate host . These stages include sporozoites , which are injected by the insect vector into the vertebrate host 's blood ; latent hypnozoites , which may rest undetected in the liver for up to 30 years ; merosomes and merozoites , which infect the red cells ( erythrocytes ) of the blood ; trophozoites , which grow in the red cells , and schizonts , which divide in red blood cells . Schizonts produce merozoites , which leave to infect more red cells . The sexual forms , gametocytes , are taken up by other insect hosts during feeding . Gametocytes develop into gametes in the insect midgut , and then fertilize each other to form motile zygotes , which escape the gut . Zygotes grow into new sporozoites , which move to the insect 's salivary glands . Sporozoites are injected into vertebrate hosts during insect feeding , thus completing the cycle of infection . The genus Plasmodium was first described in 1885 . It now contains about 200 species divided into several subgenera ; as of 2006 the taxonomy was shifting , and species from other genera are likely to be added to Plasmodium . At least ten species infect humans ; other species infect other animals , including birds , reptiles and rodents , while 29 species infect non-human primates . The parasite is thought to have originated from Dinoflagellates , photosynthetic protozoa . The most common forms of human malaria are...  - Asia is Earth's largest and most populous continent, located primarily in the eastern and northern hemispheres and sharing the continental landmass of Eurasia with the continent of Europe. Asia covers an area of , about 30% of Earth's total land area and 8.7% of the Earth's total surface area. The continent, which has long been home to the majority of the human population, was the site of many of the first civilizations. Asia is notable for not only its overall large size and population, but also dense and large settlements as well as vast barely populated regions within the continent of 4.4 billion people.  - Binomial nomenclature (also called binominal nomenclature or binary nomenclature) is a formal system of naming species of living things by giving each a name composed of two parts, both of which use Latin grammatical forms, although they can be based on words from other languages. Such a name is called a binomial name (which may be shortened to just "binomial"), a binomen or a scientific name; more informally it is also called a Latin name. The first part of the name identifies the genus to which the species belongs; the second part identifies the species within the genus. For example, humans belong to the genus "Homo" and within this genus to the species "Homo sapiens". The "formal" introduction of this system of naming species is credited to Carl Linnaeus, effectively beginning with his work "Species Plantarum" in 1753. But Gaspard Bauhin, in as early as 1623, had introduced in his book "Pinax theatri botanici" (English, "Illustrated exposition of plants") many names of genera that were later adopted by Linnaeus.  - Artemisinin, also known as qinghao su, and its semi-synthetic derivatives are a group of drugs that possess the most rapid action of all current drugs against "Plasmodium falciparum" malaria. It was discovered by Tu Youyou, a Chinese scientist, who was awarded half of the 2015 Nobel Prize in Medicine for her discovery. Treatments containing an artemisinin derivative (artemisinin-combination therapies, ACTs) are now standard treatment worldwide for "P. falciparum" malaria. Artemisinin is isolated from the plant "Artemisia annua", sweet wormwood, an herb employed in Chinese traditional medicine. A precursor compound can be produced using genetically engineered yeast.  - Vertebrates comprise all species of animals within the subphylum Vertebrata (chordates with backbones). Vertebrates represent the overwhelming majority of the phylum Chordata, with currently about 64,000 species described. Vertebrates include the jawless fish and the jawed vertebrates, which include the cartilaginous fish (sharks and rays) and the bony fish.   - Anopheles (Greek anofelís: "useless") is a genus of mosquito first described and named by J. W. Meigen in 1818. About 460 species are recognised; while over 100 can transmit human malaria, only 3040 commonly transmit parasites of the genus "Plasmodium", which cause malaria in humans in endemic areas. "Anopheles gambiae" is one of the best known, because of its predominant role in the transmission of the most dangerous malaria parasite species (to humans)  "Plasmodium falciparum".  - A genus ( genera) is a taxonomic rank used in the biological classification of living and fossil organisms in biology. In the hierarchy of biological classification, genus comes above species and below family. In binomial nomenclature, the genus name forms the first part of the binomial species name for each species within the genus.  - The liver is a vital organ of vertebrates and some other animals. In the human, it is located in the upper right quadrant of the abdomen, below the diaphragm. The liver has a wide range of functions, including detoxification of various metabolites, protein synthesis, and the production of biochemicals necessary for digestion.  - An infant (from the Latin word "infans", meaning "unable to speak" or "speechless") is the more formal or specialised synonym for "baby", the very young offspring of a human or other animal.   - Saliva is a watery substance formed in the mouths of animals, secreted by the salivary glands. Human saliva comprises 99.5% mostly water, plus electrolytes, mucus, white blood cells, epithelial cells (which can be used to extract DNA), glycoproteins, enzymes (such as amylase and lipase), antimicrobial agents such as secretory IgA and lysozyme. The enzymes found in saliva are essential in beginning the process of digestion of dietary starches and fats. These enzymes also play a role in breaking down food particles entrapped within dental crevices, thus protecting teeth from bacterial decay. Furthermore, saliva serves a lubricative function, wetting food and permitting the initiation of swallowing, and protecting the mucosal surfaces of the oral cavity from desiccation.    'plasmodium' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'found in taxon'?  Choices: - homo sapiens  - human  - plasmodium falciparum  - vertebrata
Answer: