Teacher:In this task, you are given a set of context paragraph and some supporting facts to answer a question. Your task is to generate answer for given question based on set of context paragraphs and supporting facts.
Teacher: Now, understand the problem? Solve this instance: Context_1 : Gille (ジル , Jiru , born January 4, 1987) , stylized GILLE, is a Japanese singer originally from Saito, Miyazaki. She made her major debut in 2012, but had previously performed under the name TASHA gee. Gille made a name for herself by releasing videos of herself singing English language covers of Japanese pop songs on her YouTube channel appearing only in sillhouette, including some English songs such as "Rolling in the Deep", featured on her debut EP "Lead the Way". In June 2012, she released an English cover of AKB48's "Flying Get", and the group's creator Yasushi Akimoto remarked that Gille had a "diamond voice" and fully approved the cover. Gille made her debut with the album "I AM GILLE." in July 2012, which eventually became certified as gold. Her debut single "Girls / Winter Dream" was released that October, and was noted to sample O-Zone's "Dragostea Din Tei". This was followed up by the single "Try Again" in January 2013 and the album "GILLEsound Vol. 1". Context_2 : Blake Tollison Shelton (born June 18, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter, actor, and television personality. In 2001, he made his debut with the single "Austin". The lead-off single from his self-titled debut album, "Austin" spent five weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. The now Platinum-certified debut album also produced two more top 20 entries ("All Over Me" and "Ol' Red"). Although the album was released on Giant Records Nashville, he was transferred to Warner Bros. Records Nashville after Giant closed in late 2001. Context_3 : "House of Cards" is a song written by Lynsey de Paul and Barry Blue and is one of their most covered songs. It was first released as a single by Chris Kelly (who went on to become the lead singer for Blackwater Junction) on the CBS label on 7 April 1972, credited as being written by Rubin (de Paul) and Green (Blue). A few weeks later it was also released as a single by the UK artist Heart on RCA. The UK born but New Zealand based singer, Rob Guest (formerly a member of the groups The Apparition and Shore Thing), also released his version of "House of Cards" as his first solo single on Polydor in 1972. The song also appeared as an track on the self-named Tony Blackburn album released by the BBC radio DJ in 1972 on RCA. It was released for the first time on CD in 2012 on the Tony Blackburn compilation album "The Singles Collection 1965-1980". Context_4 : Jerrod Lee Niemann (born July 24, 1979) is an American country music singer and songwriter. He has released one single for Category 5 Records (2006), three albums for Sea Gayle Music/Arista Nashville: "Judge Jerrod & the Hung Jury" (2010), "Free the Music" (2012), and "High Noon" (2014), and his current single "God Made a Woman" for Curb Records. These albums have produced a combined ten Top 40 entries on the Hot Country Songs and Country Airplay charts, including the Platinum Number 1 singles "Lover, Lover" (a cover of Sonia Dada's "You Don't Treat Me No Good") and "Drink to That All Night" and Gold Top 5 single "What Do You Want". He has also co-written three singles for Garth Brooks: the chart topping Chris LeDoux tribute "Good Ride Cowboy", as well as "That Girl Is a Cowboy" and "Midnight Sun". Jamey Johnson, Lee Brice, Blake Shelton, Colbie Caillat, Diamond Rio, The Cadillac Three, Mark Chesnutt, John Anderson (musician), Neal McCoy, Christian Kane, and Julie Roberts have also recorded Niemann's songs. Niemann has appeared as a guest artist on The Doobie Brothers Southbound (The Doobie Brothers album). As a singer and songwriter, Niemann has sold over 20 million albums and downloads. Context_5 : Dark Eyes is the debut studio album by the Canadian indie rock band Half Moon Run, released through Indica Records in Canada on March 27, 2012. Their debut single "Full Circle" reached number 29 on the Canadian rock/alternative chart in 2012. The track was also used on the 'Horizon' trailer for "", shown during E3 2013. The album's second single "Call Me in the Afternoon" peaked at number 19 on the Canadian rock/alternative chart in 2013. In the United States, the album has sold 12,000 copies as of September 2015. The band also released a song entitled 'Unofferable' on the album's international release in July 2013. Context_6 : "Irony" is a song recorded by the South Korean girl group Wonder Girls, written and produced by Park Jin-young. It was released as their debut single and the lead single from their debut album "The Wonder Years" on February 13, 2007, through JYP Entertainment. It was also released as a maxi single and extended play (EP), titled "The Wonder Begins". Three tracks, including "Bad Boy", "It's Not Love", and a remix version of "Irony", were on the EP. "Bad Boy" was released as the second single in March 2007 while "It's Not Love" was released as the third single on April 27, 2007. "Irony" became one of their biggest hits in South Korea. An accompanying music video was also released and shows Sohee, Yeeun, Sunmi and Hyuna's revenge on Sunye's unfaithful boyfriend by using a voodoo doll to embarrass him. Context_7 : Read Between the Lines is the second album from American country music artist Aaron Tippin. The album features Tippin's first number-one single, "There Ain't Nothin' Wrong With the Radio", as well as the hits "My Blue Angel", "I Was Born with a Broken Heart", and "I Wouldn't Have It Any Other Way". "I Was Born with a Broken Heart" was previously recorded by Josh Logan on his 1988 album "Somebody Paints the Wall", from which it was also released as a single. David Ball also released the song on his 1989 self-titled debut, although the album was not released until 1994. Context_8 : "Drink on It" is a song recorded by American country music artist Blake Shelton. It was released in January 2012 as the third single from his sixth studio album "Red River Blue". The song was written by Jessi Alexander, Rodney Clawson and Jon Randall. Context_9 : The discography of British singer and songwriter Neon Hitch. Neon's debut digital single "Get Over U" was released in February 2011. Hitch then released her single "Bad Dog", which was intended to be the lead single from her debut album. Later in 2011, she was featured on Gym Class Heroes' song "Ass Back Home". In 2012, Neon Hitch released "Fuck U Betta" and Gold" featuring Tyga, her official first and second singles respectively. Both songs peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Dance/Club Play chart. Neon then debuted an EP entitled "Happy Neon" in January 2013, which was released online for free. In October 2013, Neon announced that her debut album "Beg, Borrow & Steal" had been scrapped and she would release a new album that had more of her soul in it. In January 2014, Neon released the mixtape "301 to Paradise" for free. In May 2014, it was announced that Hitch had parted ways with her label Warner Bros. and was gearing up to releasing her new debut album "Eleutheromaniac"; she also released "Happy Neon" and "301 to Paradise" to digital retailers independently in the same month. She premiered the lead single of "Eleutheromaniac", "Yard Sale", in August 2014. In January 2015, Neon released "Sparks" as the first single from the album. In March 2015, Hitch released the EP "24:00" for free. In 2016, it was announced that Hitch had changed the name of her debut album to "Anarchy", which was released on July 22, 2016. The lead single from the album, "Please", was released on July 8, 2016. The album did not contain any of the singles intended to be on "Eluetheromaniac", but included a promomotional single she released in 2015, "Freedom". Context_10 : American musician Eric Church has released five studio albums, one live album, two extended plays, and 26 singles (including four as a featured artist). He made his debut on the Hot Country Songs and the "Billboard" Hot 100 with "How 'Bout You", which respectively peaked at #14 and #85. It was the first single from his Capitol Nashville debut album "Sinners Like Me", which produced additional top 20 hits "Two Pink Lines" and "Guys Like Me" and a #51 chart entry with the title track. Church released "His Kind of Money (My Kind of Love)", which peaked at #46 on the charts but did not appear on an album. His second release "Carolina", included his first top 10 hits with "Love Your Love the Most" and "Hell on the Heart", which both peaked at #10. The album's last single, "Smoke a Little Smoke", peaked at #16. His third album, "Chief", was also his first for EMI Records' Nashville division. Its lead single, "Homeboy", peaked at #13 followed by his first and second #1 hits, "Drink in My Hand" and "Springsteen". The next singles, "Creepin'" and "Like Jesus Does", both made the top 10. He served as a featured artist with Luke Bryan on Jason Aldean's #1 single "The Only Way I Know". fact_1 : "Drink on It" is a song recorded by American country music artist Blake Shelton. fact_2 : Blake Tollison Shelton (born June 18, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter, actor, and television personality. Question: Which singer who made his debut with the single "Austin" also released "Drink on it" in 2012?
Student: