Answer the following question: Information:  - The Miss Massachusetts USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Massachusetts in the Miss USA pageant.  - Miss Universe is an annual international beauty pageant that is run by the Miss Universe Organization. Along with its rival contests, Miss World and Miss Earth, this pageant is one of the most important and publicized beauty pageants in the world. It is held in more than 190 countries worldwide and seen by more than half a billion people annually. The pageant was founded in 1952 by the California-based clothing company Pacific Knitting Mills, and the Miss Universe Organization and the brand is currently owned, along with Miss USA and Miss Teen USA, by WME/IMG. Miss Universe Organization licenses local organizations that wish to select the Miss Universe contestant for their country, and approves the selection method for national delegates. The current Miss Universe logo  "the woman with stars"  was created in 1998.  - A beauty pageant or beauty contest is a competition that has traditionally focused on judging and ranking the physical attributes of the contestants, although some contests have evolved to also incorporate personality traits, intelligence, talent, and answers to judges' questions as judged criteria. The term almost invariably refers only to contests for unmarried women such as the Big Four international beauty pageants;<ref name="chinadaily.com.cn/english/doc/2004-10/25/content_385531.htm"></ref> with similar events for men or boys being called by other names and more likely to be bodybuilding contests.  - Miss USA 1998, the 47th Miss USA pageant, was held in Shreveport, Louisiana in March, 1998. The preliminary competition was held on 6 March 1998, and the final competition on 10 March 1998. The event was won by Shawnae Jebbia of Massachusetts, who was crowned by outgoing titleholder Brandi Sherwood of Idaho.  - MTV (originally an initialism of Music Television) is an American cable and satellite television channel owned by Viacom Media Networks (a division of Viacom) and headquartered in New York City. Launched on August 1, 1981, the channel originally aired music videos as guided by television personalities known as "video jockeys" (VJs). In its early years, MTV's main target demographic was young adults, but today it is primarily towards teenagers, high school students and college students. MTV has toned down its music video programming significantly in recent years, and its programming now consists mainly of original reality, comedy and drama programming and some off-network syndicated programs and films, with limited music video programming in off-peak time periods. It has received criticism towards this change of focus, both by certain segments of its audience and musicians. MTV's influence on its audience, including issues involving censorship and social activism, has also been a subject of debate for several years.  - Shawnae Jebbia ( born September 13 , 1971 ) is an entertainer and former beauty queen from Mansfield , Massachusetts who won the Miss USA title in 1998 . Jebbia won the Miss Massachusetts USA title in 1997 , in her first attempt at a pageant title . She went on to represent Massachusetts in the Miss USA 1998 pageant , becoming that state 's first Miss USA winner . Whilst Jebbia had little prior experience , her first runner - up Shauna Gambill had previously held the Miss Teen USA 1994 title . Jebbia 's `` sister '' titleholder , Miss Massachusetts Teen USA 1998 Susie Castillo , went on to hold the Miss Massachusetts USA title and became Massachusetts ' second Miss USA titleholder in 2003 . Jebbia then competed at the Miss Universe 1998 pageant later that year . High scores in evening gown and in the swimsuit competition advanced her to the final 5 but after the interview round she did not make the final 3 finalists . The winner was Wendy Fitzwilliam of Trinidad and Tobago , with whom Jebbia lived and made appearances during her reign . Jebbia grew up in Sonoma County , California and lived in Sebastopol , California for six years . She received a degree in Communications from Jacksonville University and graduated cum laude on an athletic scholarship . She has appeared on television and film , including being a `` Barker Beauty '' on The Price Is Right from 2002 until 2003 and a stint on the ESPN2 exercise program Co-ed Training prior to winning Miss USA . After experiencing a hearing impairment caused by Ménière 's disease , Jebbia moved out of the entertainment industry and is currently studying towards a master 's degree in nursing . She has acted as the spokesperson for the Siemens Pure 700 hearing aid .  - Miss Teen USA is a beauty pageant run by the Miss Universe Organization for girls aged 1419. Unlike its sister pageants Miss Universe and Miss USA, which are broadcast on Fox, this pageant is webcast on the Miss Teen USA website and simulcast on Microsoft's Xbox Live service.  - Massachusetts has had a number of semi-finalist placings but is not one of the more successful states at Miss Teen USA. Their best placement was in 2001, when Marianna Zaslavsky placed 2nd runner-up to Marissa Whitley.  - Total Request Live (known from 1998 to 2008 as TRL) was a television series on MTV that featured popular music videos. "TRL" was MTV's prime outlet for music videos as the network continued to concentrate on reality-based programming. In addition to music videos, "TRL" featured daily guests. The show was a popular promotion tool used by musicians, actors, and other celebrities to promote their newest works to the show's target teen demographic.  - Brandi Sherwood (born January 13, 1971) is an American model and pageant winner. She was born in Idaho Falls, Idaho. She was Miss USA 1997 and (at age 18) Miss Teen USA 1989 and was a frequent rotating Barker's Beauty model on the US daytime television game show "The Price Is Right" from 2002-2009.  - Massachusetts ; officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States. It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east, the states of Connecticut and Rhode Island to the south, New Hampshire and Vermont to the north, and New York to the west. The state is named for the Massachusett tribe, which once inhabited the area. The capital of Massachusetts and the most populous city in New England is Boston. Over 80% of Massachusetts' population lives in the Greater Boston metropolitan area, a region influential upon American history, academia, and industry. Originally dependent on agriculture, fishing and trade, Massachusetts was transformed into a manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution. During the 20th century, Massachusetts' economy shifted from manufacturing to services. Modern Massachusetts is a global leader in biotechnology, engineering, higher education, finance, and maritime trade.  - Miss World is the oldest running international beauty pageant. It was created in the United Kingdom by Eric Morley in 1951. Since his death in 2000, Morley's widow, Julia Morley, has co-chaired the pageant. Alongside with its rival, the Miss Universe and Miss Earth contests, Miss World pageant is one of the three most publicised beauty contests in the world.  - Susie Castillo (born October 27, 1979) is an American actress, model, TV host and beauty pageant titleholder who held the Miss USA title and competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe pageants. She pursued a career in the media, and as such, has made various television appearances and hosted shows such as MTV's "Total Request Live" as a VJ.  - Microsoft Corporation (commonly referred to as Microsoft or MS) is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Redmond, Washington, that develops, manufactures, licenses, supports and sells computer software, consumer electronics and personal computers and services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, Microsoft Office office suite, and Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface tablet lineup. As of 2016, it was the world's largest software maker by revenue, and one of the world's most valuable companies.  - Marissa Whitley is a former Miss Teen USA, having won the 2001 title representing the state of Missouri. Born on January 11, 1983 in Los Angeles, California to an African American father and Caucasian mother. The youngest of four, Marissa moved to Springfield, Missouri at age three after the premature death of her mother and was raised by her aunt while her older siblings were split among other family members. At age 5, Marissa's father was killed in a drive by shooting in Los Angeles before they had the chance to meet. She was the first titleholder from that state to win the national competition.  - Shauna Gambill is a beauty queen from Acton, California who has held the Miss Teen USA title and competed in the Miss USA and Miss World pageants.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'occupation' with the subject 'shawnae jebbia'.  Choices: - actress  - biotechnology  - computer  - engineering  - father  - leader  - miss world  - model  - prior  - programming  - runner  - talent  - television
Answer: