Answer the following question: Information:  - James "Jimmy" Francis Cauty (born 19 December 1956), also known as Rockman Rock, is an English artist and musician, best known as one half of the duo The KLF, co-founder of The Orb and as the man who burnt one million pounds.  - Killing Joke are an English rock band formed in October 1978 in Notting Hill, London, England. The original line-up included Jaz Coleman (vocals, keyboards), "Big" Paul Ferguson (drums), Geordie Walker (guitars) and Martin "Youth" Glover (bass).  - Alex Paterson (also known as Dr Alex Paterson, born Duncan Alexander Robert Paterson on 15 October 1959 near Battersea in London) is an English musician and co-founder of ambient house group The Orb, in which he has worked since its inception.  - Erasure was the seventh studio album by Erasure , released in 1995 . It was produced by Thomas Fehlmann ( of The Orb ) and Gareth Jones . An overtly experimental and introspective album , Erasure contains eleven , mostly mid-tempo tracks that differed from their past output of shiny , three - minute pop songs . Most tracks clocked in at five minutes or more , several contained long synth interludes , and guest artists included the London Community Gospel Choir and performance artist Diamanda Galás . Although appreciated for its experimental nature , Erasure marked the beginning of Erasure 's slide from the peak of their popularity in the mainstream music world . Coming off four consecutive number - one albums in the UK , this album failed to hit the top ten and two single releases also missed the UK top ten . After a successful top twenty debut on the Billboard 200 for their previous album I Say I Say I Say , Erasure debuted and peaked at number eighty - two in the U.S. and generated no Hot 100 singles . In Germany the album also peaked lower than previous albums , at number eighty - seven . Some polls have shown this album to be a favourite among fans of the band . In an interview with DJ Ron Slomowicz circa 2006 , Erasure was asked for their favourite album from their own catalogue . Bell stated `` It 's a toss - up between '' Chorus `` and the self - titled '' Erasure `` album from 1995 . ''  - Kris Weston (a.k.a. "Thrash") is a British electronic musician, record producer and remixer best known for his work as a member of The Orb.  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - Kompakt is a Cologne-based electronic music independent record label and vinyl/CD distributor, owned by Wolfgang Voigt, Michael Mayer and Jürgen Paape. They specialize in microhouse and minimal techno, and are known for their "Total" compilation series which reached its sixteenth installment in 2016.  - Synthpop (also known as "technopop"), a subgenre of new wave music first became prominent in the late 1970s and features the synthesizer as the dominant musical instrument. It was prefigured in the 1960s and early 1970s by the use of synthesizers in progressive rock, electronic, art rock, disco, and particularly the "Krautrock" of bands like Kraftwerk. It arose as a distinct genre in Japan and the United Kingdom in the post-punk era as part of the new wave movement of the late-1970s to the mid-1980s.  - Brian Peter George St John le Baptiste de la Salle Eno, RDI (born 15 May 1948 and originally christened Brian Peter George Eno) is an English musician, composer, record producer, singer, writer, and visual artist. He is best known for his pioneering work in ambient and electronic music as well as his contributions to rock, worldbeat, chance, and generative music styles. A self-described "non-musician", Eno has advocated a methodology of "theory over practice" throughout his career, and has helped to introduce a variety of unique recording techniques and conceptual approaches into contemporary music. He has been described as one of popular music's most influential and innovative figures.  - "Who Needs Love Like That" is the debut single released by British synthpop duo Erasure. The song was released in the UK on Mute Records in 1985 as a prelude to their debut album "Wonderland". The video was directed by John Scarlett Davies and produced by Nick Verden for Aldabra.  - Andy Hughes (11 November 1965  12 June 2009) was an English electronic music producer from Harrow, Middlesex. He is most known for his work with The Orb, where he helped mix and produce "Orbus Terrarum", "Orblivion", and "Cydonia", as well as The Orb's singles from this period. Hughes left The Orb during the production of "Cydonia", which was reworked after his departure. In 2009, he mastered The Orb's "Baghdad Batteries (Orbsessions Volume III)" for release. He also did some additional original production work and performed remixes for The Cranberries and Tangerine Dream.  Prior to his Orb years he had helped to design and build the studios for Bunk Junk & Genius and worked with many famous artists.  - Kraftwerk (""power station"") is a German electronic music band formed by Ralf Hütter and Florian Schneider in 1970 in Düsseldorf. In the 1970s, they were among the first successful pop acts to popularize electronic music and are widely considered to be innovators and pioneers of the genre. The band was fronted by both Hütter and Schneider until Schneider's departure in 2008.  - Berlin is the capital and the largest city of Germany as well as one of its constituent 16 states. With a population of approximately 3.5 million people, Berlin is the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union. Located in northeastern Germany on the banks of rivers Spree and Havel, it is the centre of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region, which has about 6 million residents from more than 180 nations. Due to its location in the European Plain, Berlin is influenced by a temperate seasonal climate. Around one-third of the city's area is composed of forests, parks, gardens, rivers and lakes.  - Thomas Fehlmann (born 1957 in Zürich), is a Swiss-born composer/producer who currently lives in Berlin, and has been active in electronic music as far back as the 1980s. He is currently active on the Kompakt record label based in Germany. He is an on and off member of such groups as Sun Electric and The Orb.  - Erasure are an English synthpop duo, consisting of singer and songwriter Andy Bell and songwriter and keyboardist Vince Clarke. They formed in London, and entered the music scene in 1985 with their debut single "Who Needs Love Like That". Following the release of their fourth single "Sometimes", the duo established itself on the UK Singles Chart and became one of the most successful artists of the late 1980s to mid-1990s.  - Vince Clarke (born Vincent John Martin; 3 July 1960) is an English synthpop musician and songwriter. Clarke has been the main composer and musician of the band Erasure since 1985, and was previously the main songwriter of several groups, including Depeche Mode, Yazoo and The Assembly.  - The Orb are an English electronic music group known for being the pioneers of ambient house. Founded in 1988 by Alex Paterson and The KLF member Jimmy Cauty, the Orb began as ambient and dub DJs in London. Their early performances were inspired by ambient and electronic artists of the 1970s and 1980s, most notably Brian Eno and Kraftwerk. Because of their trippy sound, the Orb developed a cult following among clubbers "coming down" from drug-induced highs. The Orb has maintained their drug-related and science fiction themes despite personnel changes, including the departure of Cauty and other Orb members Kris Weston, Andy Falconer, Simon Phillips, Nick Burton and Andy Hughes. Paterson has been the only permanent member, continuing to work as the Orb with the Swiss-German producer Thomas Fehlmann and, later, with Martin "Youth" Glover, bass player with Killing Joke.  - The UK Singles Chart (currently entitled Official Singles Chart) is compiled by the Official Charts Company (OCC), on behalf of the British record industry, listing the top-selling singles in the United Kingdom, based upon physical sales, paid-for downloads and streaming. To be eligible for the chart, a single is currently defined by the Official Charts Company (OCC) as either a 'single bundle' having no more than four tracks and not lasting longer than 25 minutes or one digital audio track not longer than 15 minutes with a minimum sale price of 40 pence. The rules have changed many times as technology has developed, the most notable being the inclusion of digital downloads in 2005 and streaming in 2014.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'erasure ' with the relationship of 'record label'.  Choices: - album  - english  - europe  - european union  - independent record label  - japan  - killing joke  - kompakt  - metropolis  - mute records  - pop  - record  - uk singles chart  - united kingdom
Answer: