The 32-year-old best friend of Katherine Jenkins whose eight-year battle with cancer inspired thousands of others coping with serious illness has died. Polly Noble was first diagnosed with cancer at 24 and said she wanted her plight to 'inspire others to have a happier and healthier life'. Her family told today how 'beautiful and vivacious' Polly lost her brave fight with the disease on Sunday after her latest scan revealed her condition had worsened. Scroll down for video. Rest in peace: Heartbroken Katherine Jenkins paid tribute to her best friend Polly Noble(L) after she passed away following a eight year battle with cervical cancer. Brave: Polly was first diagnosed with cancer at 24, then again at 28, fighting it for eight years until her tragic death. From the day she was diagnosed, Miss Noble had worked to 'cure herself' through positive thinking and healthy living. Her mother Georgie Noble, 63, said today: 'She. was a beautiful, vivacious person who worked hard to put her message. across. I don't. think she realised just how many people's lives she touched.' Speaking of her last days, Mr Noble added: 'It got to the stage a couple of weeks ago where they said the chemo isn't working. - Polly Noble's 'mission statement' written after she was diagnosed with cancer. 'A. scan showed she had six tumours in her liver, one being 7cm wide and. she didn't have those in December. It was such a shock, we didn't. realise she had it that badly.' She. died on Sunday surrounded by her family, who said she was pleased to. have met her nine-week-old nephew, Freddie, before she passed away. 'In her last few days she was unable to. catch up on the sleep she desperately needed. The illness had taken its. toll and sadly she passed away later that afternoon at home,' her mother added. One of Miss Noble's final messages on Twitter included the Winston. Churchill quote: ‘Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage. to continue that counts.' Polly was treated for cervical cancer in 2005 and revealed the diagnosis to her best friend Katherine Jenkins over the phone while she was on tour. The. pair had become close after meeting as struggling singers in 2001 and. Katherine always maintained Polly was. the ‘true star’, not her. After initial treatment of her cancer in 2005, she discovered a lump on her neck in 2010 and, despite undergoing radiotherapy to treat that, she then discovered she had cancerous cells in her lungs. Friends: Miss Noble and Katherine together last year. Katherine said of her friend: 'Polly has never had a "poor me" mentality. She's fought her cancer head-on, completely overhauling her diet and lifestyle' Close: Speaking of their friendship, Miss Noble said: 'We are both ambitious and driven, but at the same time we're chilled. That is why we understand what makes each other tick' Final messages: Polly wrote on Facebook and Twitter last week that showing 'courage to continue' in adversity was more important than success or failure. Message: Friend Gethin Jones, the former boyfriend of Katherine Jenkins, paid tribute to 'beautiful' and 'inspirational' Polly. Much loved: Sports presenter Jake Humphrey spoke of how Polly had continued to inspire others, even in her final days. Katherine went online to pay. tribute to Miss Noble yesterday, posting a picture of herself and Polly. with the caption: ‘Heartbroken. Rest in Peace my darling friend’. Speaking to You Magazine last year, Katherine said: ‘She didn’t look or sound ill – it was just unbelievable. 'And of course the word cancer frightens the life out of me because I had watched my father die of lung cancer when I was 15'. She added: ‘But he had been nearly 70, and Polly was just 24. She was too young; she had too much to live for.’ Jenkins' former boyfriend Gethin Jones tweeted: 'Reading beautiful messages. about the inspirational @Pollynoble. She touched so many. Grateful to. have spent some wonderful times with her'. But. the cancer diagnosis meant her 'life turned upside down' and after. surviving several long stays in hospital, where three litres of water. were drained from her chest, and she suffered a major blood clot, she. wanted to 'cure herself' of cancer. She. wrote on her blog: 'Throughout all of it, I have been able to maintain a. positive outlook, belief and faith that I will overcome cancer, once. and for all. In fact, I do it everyday as an active participant in my. healing journey. Girls day out: Polly and Katherine, who met before the singer became famous, at a polo match in 2010. Family fun: Katherine (top) and Polly (right) with friends and family during a trip to the park. 'This. means that I live consciously in all areas of my life, creating a. balanced and healthy existence, which allows me to move forward and live. my dream life, despite living with cancer. 'When. I got ill, I wished I had taken better care of myself. I wished I had. known more about the things in everyday life that were harming me'. Katherine Jenkins was there to support her friend as she went through surgery before having chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Initally, the treatment worked and Polly was able to move back to London where she lived cancer free for three years. However, in 2010, she found a lump in her neck that turned out to be a secondary tumour. Katherine. recalled the moment she found out as she said: ‘This time her. oncologist told her that although she could have more treatment, the. cancer was ultimately incurable. ‘She called me from the hospital with the news. Neither of us cried. We were too stunned.’ Miss Noble. co-authored a book, The Cancer Journey, which was published in 2011,. giving advice for others on how to cope with the disease. Determined. to live life to the full, she also posted a touching video on. YouTube in 2012 of all the things she had done that year. Speaking last year, Miss Noble said: 'I lost my long dark hair as a result of my treatment, and normally, when I go out or have my picture taken, I reach for one of my wigs. But Katherine has been telling me that I am gorgeous just as I am' Best friends: The singer posted a picture of herself and her friend on Twitter on Monday with the caption, 'Heartbroken. Rest in Peace my darling friend' Party girls: Katherine and Polly together in 2012, after Katherine wrote the foreword to a book co-authored by her friend. The. video told of her holiday in Dubai with Katherine, a trip to Brazil and. her joy at being an Olympic torch-bearer in Bexley, south east London. But. the short film also documented her continued treatment for cancer,. describing how she needed three litres of fluid drained from her chest. and how she bought a pink wig after undergoing chemotherapy. Below the video, she posted the message: 'No matter what challenges you face, you can overcome them, I promise.' Katherine was inspired by her best friend’s strength as she said: ‘Polly has turned her own experiences into an incredibly positive force. 'The book she has co-written on coping with cancer is just what I wish I had been able to turn to when my father became ill. 'She has also trained as a holistic health coach, become a nutrition guru and developed her own website on healthy living.’ Katherine shared another picture of the pair on Instagram with the caption: 'Heartbroken - Sleep now with the angels'. *Polly backed the YES TO LIFE charity, which supports people with the disease by combining both alternative medicine and standard treatments. Inspirational: After being diagnosed with the disease, Miss Noble dedicated her life to helping others in a similar situation. For you dad: Katherine Jenkins ran the 2013 Virgin London Marathon in honour of her father, who also passed away following his battle with cancer. Cervical cancer is a rare form of cancer that develops at the entrance to the womb. It is most common in sexually active women aged between 25 and 45 but because of routine screening in the UK it is usually picked up in the pre-cancerous stage. It often has no symptoms in the early stages but the most common symptom is unusual bleeding, especially after sex or between periods. It is recommended that all women between the ages of 25 and 49 are screened for cervical cancer every three years. The NHS scrapped routine smears for under-25s in 2003 over concerns they could do more harm than good. But the family of aspiring model Sophie Jones (right), who died of the disease after after being refused a smear test - say they should be given to all young women who have symptoms, regardless of age. Sophie, 19, was told she was too young to have a smear test when she  complained of crippling stomach pains last February. Her family's campaign – Sophie’s Choice – is backed by MPs and 225,000 signatures and calls for the minimum age for automatic tests to be cut to 16. A spokesman for the Department of Health said: 'The issue was last debated in Parliament in 2009, but the best independent evidence still shows that routine screening of women under 25 does more harm than good. ‘Cervical cancer in women under 25s is extremely rare. In 2011, there were 47 cases of cervical cancer in women under 25 and no deaths.' Of all of the women with cervical cancer, about 83 per cent live for at least a year after diagnosis, 67 per cent live for at least five years and 63 per cent live for at least 10 years.

What are highlight points for this article?