Please answer the following question: Information:  - Multi-purpose stadiums are a type of stadium designed to be easily used by multiple types of events. While any stadium could potentially host more than one type of sport or event, this concept usually refers to a specific design philosophy that stresses multifunctionality over specificity. It is used most commonly in Canada and the United States, where the two most popular outdoor team sports  football and baseball  require radically different facilities. Football uses a rectangular field (Canadian football fields are larger than American ones), while baseball is played on a diamond and large outfield. This requires a particular design to accommodate both, usually an oval. While building stadiums in this way means that sports teams and governments can share costs, it also imposes some challenges.  - Mandala Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jayapura , Papua Province , Indonesia . It is currently used mostly for football matches . It is the home stadium of Persipura Jayapura . The stadium holds 30,000 people . Currently , the stadium is being upgraded so it will reach the capacity target of 50,000 people . And if the upgrade has finished , it will be the biggest stadium in eastern of Indonesia . This stadium is located in the V Dock area near the centre of Jayapura along the beautiful Humboldt Bay .  - Persipura Jayapura, or Persipura, is an Indonesian football club based in Jayapura, Papua. The club was founded in 1963 and currently competes in the Indonesia Soccer Championship A. Persipura plays their home matches in Mandala Stadium.  - Keerom Regency is one of the regencies ("kabupaten") in Papua Province of Indonesia. It was formed from the eastern districts then within Jayapura Regency with effect from 12 November 2002. It covers an area of 8,390 km, and had a population of 48,536 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 59,723. The regency's administrative centre is at Waris.  - Southeast Asia or Southeastern Asia is a subregion of Asia, consisting of the countries that are geographically south of China, east of India, west of New Guinea and north of Australia. The region lies near the intersection of geological plates, with heavy seismic and volcanic activity. Southeast Asia consists of two geographic regions:  - Oceania (or ), also known as Oceanica, is a region centred on the islands of the tropical Pacific Ocean. Opinions of what constitutes Oceania range from its three subregions of Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia to, more broadly, the entire insular region between Southeast Asia and the Americas, including Australasia and the Malay Archipelago.  - Jayapura City (Dutch: Hollandia) is the provincial capital of Papua, Indonesia. It is situated on the island of New Guinea, on Yos Sudarso Bay (formerly known as Humboldt Bay). It covers an area of 935.92 km, and borders Jayapura Regency to the west, Keerom Regency to the south, the nation of Papua New Guinea to the east, and the Pacific Ocean to the north. It had a population of 256,705 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 315,872.  - An island country is a country whose primary territory consists of one or more islands or parts of islands. As of 2011, 46 (approximately 24%) of the 193 UN member states are island countries.  - Indonesia (or ; Indonesian: ), officially the Republic of Indonesia, is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania. Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans, it is the world's largest island country, with more than seventeen thousand islands. At , Indonesia is the world's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area. It has an estimated population of over 260 million people and is the world's fourth most populous country, the most populous Austronesian nation, as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country. The world's most populous island of Java contains more than half of the country's population.  - Jayapura Regency is one of the regencies ("kabupaten") in Papua Province of Indonesia. It is situated to the west of, but does not include, the City of Jayapura. Previously covering most of the north-east portion of Papua Province, it was reduced substantially in extent from 12 November 2002, when the eastern districts were split off to form a new Keerom Regency and the western districts were split off to form a new Sarmi Regency. It now covers an area of 11,157.15 km, and had a population of 111,943 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 137,744. The administrative centre is the town of Sentani, with 14,892 inhabitants in 2010.  - Baseball is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of nine players each, who take turns batting and fielding.  - Papua New Guinea (PNG  Hiri Motu: "Papua Niu Gini"), officially the Independent State of Papua New Guinea, is an Oceanian country that occupies the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia, a region of the southwestern Pacific Ocean north of Australia. Its capital, located along its southeastern coast, is Port Moresby. The western half of New Guinea forms the Indonesian provinces of Papua and West Papua.  - New Guinea (or, historically, "") is a large Island in the South West Pacific region.  - A Muslim is someone who follows or practises Islam, a monotheistic Abrahamic religion. Muslims consider the Quran (Koran), their holy book, to be the verbatim word of God as revealed to the Islamic prophet and messenger Muhammad. They also follow the teachings and practices of Muhammad ("sunnah ") as recorded in traditional accounts ("hadith"). "Muslim" is an Arabic word meaning "one who submits (to God)".  - India, officially the Republic of India ("Bhrat Gaarjya"), is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country (with over 1.2 billion people), and the most populous democracy in the world. It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the southwest, and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast. It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west; China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the northeast; and Myanmar (Burma) and Bangladesh to the east. In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives. India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia. Its capital is New Delhi; other metropolises include Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad.  - Java (Indonesian: Jawa; Javanese: ; Sundanese: ) is an island of Indonesia. With a population of over 141 million (the island itself) or 145 million (the administrative region) Census released in December 2015, Java is home to 56.7 percent of the Indonesian population and is the most populous island on Earth. The Indonesian capital city, Jakarta, is located on western Java. Much of Indonesian history took place on Java. It was the center of powerful Hindu-Buddhist empires, the Islamic sultanates, and the core of the colonial Dutch East Indies. Java was also the center of the Indonesian struggle for independence during the 1930s and 1940s. Java dominates Indonesia politically, economically and culturally.  - Tin is a chemical element with the symbol Sn (for ) and atomic number 50, is a post-transition metal in group 14 of the periodic table. It is obtained chiefly from the mineral cassiterite, which contains tin dioxide, SnO. Tin shows a chemical similarity to both of its neighbors in group 14, germanium and lead, and has two main oxidation states, +2 and the slightly more stable +4. Tin is the 49th most abundant element and has, with 10 stable isotopes, the largest number of stable isotopes in the periodic table, thanks to its magic number of protons. It has two main allotropes: at room temperature, the stable allotrope is -tin, a silvery-white, malleable metal, but at low temperatures it transforms into the less dense grey -tin, which has the diamond cubic structure. Metallic tin is not easily oxidized in air.  - Yos Sudarso Bay, until 1968 known as Humboldt Bay, is a small bay on the north coast of New Guinea, about 50 kilometers west of the border between Indonesia's province of Papua and the country of Papua New Guinea. The Indonesian provincial capital Jayapura is situated on the bay.  - A stadium (plural stadiums or stadia) is a place or venue for (mostly) outdoor sports, concerts, or other events and consists of a field or stage either partly or completely surrounded by a tiered structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'mandala stadium' exhibits the relationship of 'located in the administrative territorial entity'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - bangladesh  - bhutan  - canada  - center  - centre  - chennai  - delhi  - earth  - east  - guinea  - humboldt  - hyderabad  - independence  - india  - indonesia  - insular region  - jakarta  - java  - jayapura city  - kolkata  - lead  - maldives  - mumbai  - myanmar  - of  - papua  - port moresby  - post  - south  - stadium  - thailand  - the nation
Answer: