Q:Information:  - Alicia Augello Cook (born January 25, 1981), known by her stage name Alicia Keys, is an American singer, songwriter, pianist and actress. Keys released her debut album with J Records, having had previous record deals first with Columbia and then Arista Records. Keys' debut album, "Songs in A Minor" was released in 2001, producing her first "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one single "Fallin'", and selling over 12 million copies worldwide. The album earned Keys five Grammy Awards in 2002. Her sophomore album, "The Diary of Alicia Keys", was released in 2003, spawning successful singles "You Don't Know My Name", "If I Ain't Got You" and "Diary", and selling eight million copies worldwide. The duet song "My Boo" with Usher, scored her a second number-one single in 2004. The album garnered her an additional four Grammy Awards in 2005. Later that year, she released her first live album, "Unplugged", becoming the first woman to have an "MTV Unplugged" album debut at number one.  - J Records was an American major record label owned and operated by Sony Music Entertainment, and was distributed through the RCA Music Group. The label was founded in 2000 and was dissolved into RCA Records in 2011.  - Arista Records, Inc. was a major American record label. It was a wholly owned unit of Sony Music Entertainment and was previously handled by Bertelsmann Music Group. The company operated under the RCA Music Group until 2011. The label was founded in 1974 by Clive Davis, who formerly worked for CBS Records (which would become Sony Music Entertainment). Until its demise in 2011, it was a major distributor and promoter of albums throughout the United States and United Kingdom.  - A pianist is an individual musician who plays the piano. Most forms of Western music can make use of the piano. Consequently, pianists have a wide variety of repertoire and styles to choose from, including traditionally classical music, Jazz, blues and all sorts of popular music, including rock music. Most pianists can, to a certain extent, play other keyboard-related instruments such as the synthesizer, harpsichord, celesta and the organ and keyboard. Perhaps the greatest pianist of all time was Franz Liszt, whose piano mastery was described by Anton Rubinstein: "In comparison with Liszt, all other pianists are children".   - `` Diary '' is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys from her second studio album , The Diary of Alicia Keys . Written by Keys and Kerry Brothers , Jr. , the song features the American group Tony ! Toni ! Toné ! , and was released on June 29 , 2004 as the album 's third single . It was nominated for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals at the 2005 Grammy Awards . At one time , `` Diary '' had been released as a double A-side with `` If I Ai n't Got You '' . The song 's Hani remixes gave Keys her first -- and so far only -- chart - topper on the Hot Dance Club Play in late 2004 . It also peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100 and number two on the Hot R&B / Hip - Hop Songs . Keys and Tony ! Toni ! Toné ! , never sang the song live together , to date .  - A Grammy Award (originally called Gramophone Award), or Grammy, is an honor awarded by The Recording Academy to recognize outstanding achievement in the mainly English-language music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards (television), the Tony Awards (stage performance), and the Academy Awards (motion pictures).  - "You Don't Know My Name" is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys from her second studio album, "The Diary of Alicia Keys". Written by Keys, Kanye West and Harold Lilly, and produced by Keys and West, the track was released as the album's lead single in November 2003, and contains a sample from the 1975 song "Let Me Prove My Love to You", written by J. R. Bailey, Mel Kent, and Ken Williams and performed by The Main Ingredient.  - A diary is a record (originally in handwritten format) with discrete entries arranged by date reporting on what has happened over the course of a day or other period. A personal diary may include a person's experiences, and/or thoughts or feelings, including comments on current events outside the writer's direct experience. Someone who keeps a diary is known as a diarist. Diaries undertaken for institutional purposes play a role in many aspects of human civilization, including government records (e.g. "Hansard"), business ledgers and military records. In British English, the word may also denote a preprinted journal format.  - Kanye Omari West (born June 8, 1977) is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, fashion designer, and entrepreneur. Born in Atlanta and raised in Chicago, West first became known as a producer for Roc-A-Fella Records in the early 2000s, producing hit singles for artists such as Jay Z and Alicia Keys. Intent on pursuing a solo career as a rapper, West released his debut album "The College Dropout" in 2004 to widespread critical and commercial success, and founded the record label GOOD Music. He went on to pursue a variety of different styles on subsequent albums "Late Registration" (2005), "Graduation" (2007), and "808s & Heartbreak" (2008). In 2010, he released his fifth album "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" to rave reviews from critics, and the following year he collaborated with Jay Z on the joint LP "Watch the Throne" (2011). West released his abrasive sixth album, "Yeezus", to further critical praise in 2013. His seventh album, "The Life of Pablo", was released in 2016.  - Timothy Zachery "Tim" Mosley (born March 10, 1972), known professionally as Timbaland, is an American record producer, singer, songwriter, rapper and DJ. Timbaland's first full credit production work was in 1996 on "Ginuwine...the Bachelor" for R&B singer Ginuwine. After further work on Aaliyah's 1996 album "One in a Million" and Missy Elliott's 1997 album "Supa Dupa Fly", Timbaland became a prominent producer for R&B and hip hop artists. As a rapper he initially released several albums with fellow rapper Magoo, followed by his debut solo album "" in 1998. In 2002, Timbaland produced the hit single "Cry Me a River" for Justin Timberlake, going on to produce most of Timberlake's subsequent LPs such as "FutureSex/LoveSounds" and "The 20/20 Experience" and their respective hit singles. A Timbaland-owned imprint label, Mosley Music Group, featured artists such as Nelly Furtado, whose Timbaland-produced album "Loose" (2006) was a commercial and critical success. In 2007, Timbaland released a solo album, "Shock Value", which was followed by "Shock Value II" in 2009.  - Raphael Saadiq (born Charles Ray Wiggins; May 14, 1966) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, guitarist, and record producer. Saadiq has been a standard bearer for "old school" R&B since his early days as a member of the multiplatinum group Tony! Toni! Toné! He has also produced songs for such artists as Joss Stone, D'Angelo, TLC, Kelis, Mary J. Blige, Whitney Houston, Solange Knowles and John Legend.  - Songs in A Minor is the debut studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released in the United States on June 5, 2001 by J Records. After graduating from high school, Keys signed with Columbia Records to begin her music career. She recorded an album in 1998 under the label, which they rejected. Her contract subsequently ended with Columbia after a dispute with the label, and Keys later signed with Clive Davis. An accomplished, classically trained pianist, Keys wrote, arranged and produced a majority of the album, including "Jane Doe", which was the only song in the key of A minor.  - "If I Ain't Got You" is a song recorded, written, and produced by American singer Alicia Keys for her second studio album, "The Diary of Alicia Keys". Inspired by the 2001 death of fellow R&B singer Aaliyah, the terrorist September 11 attacks in New York City, and other different events in the world and in Keys' life at that time, it is about "how material things don't feed the soul." Musically, the slow bluesy piano ballad features musicians Hugh McCracken on guitar and Steve Jordan on drums.  - The Diary of Alicia Keys is the second studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released in the United States on December 2, 2003 by J Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at various recording studios, and production was handled primarily by Keys with contributions from Kerry Brothers, Jr., Timbaland, Dwayne Wiggins, Dre & Vidal, Easy Mo Bee and Kanye West.  - Tony! Toni! Toné! is an American soul/R&B group from Oakland, California, popular during the late 1980s and early to mid-1990s. During the band's heyday, it was composed of Dwayne Wiggins on lead vocals and guitar, his brother Raphael Saadiq (born Charles Ray Wiggins) on lead vocals and bass, and their cousin Timothy Christian Riley on drums and keyboards. Other members were Harry "Tonee?" Duggins, Elijah Baker, Carl Wheeler, Randall Wiggins, and Amar Khalil, who is the current lead singer of the group, and Antron Haile.    What is the relationship between 'diary ' and 'j records'?
A: