Answer the following question: Information:  - Hack and slash or hack and slay, abbreviated H&S or HnS, refers to a type of gameplay that emphasizes combat. The term "hack and slash" was originally used to describe a play style in tabletop role-playing games, carrying over from there to MUDs, MMORPGs, and role-playing video games. In console- and arcade-style video games, the usage specifically implies a focus on combat with hand-to-hand weapons as opposed to guns. The term is often written in hyphenated form and with the conjunction contracted, e.g. hack-and-slash, hack 'n' slay.  - Redwood City is a city on the San Francisco Peninsula in Northern California's Bay Area, approximately south of San Francisco, and north of San Jose. Redwood City's history spans its earliest inhabitation by the Ohlone people to being a port for lumber and other goods. The county seat of San Mateo County, it is the home of several technology companies such as Box, Oracle, Evernote, Wealthfront, and Electronic Arts. At the 2010 census, the city had a population of 76,815. The Port of Redwood City is the only deepwater port on San Francisco Bay south of San Francisco. Redwood City is the location of the San Mateo County Jail, for both women and men. The Malibu Grand Prix long time landmark was recently demolished along with the city's only Mini Golf, Go-Kart, Video Game Arcade, and Batting Cages. Malibu Grand Prix's previous location is currently the construction site of a new additional Jail and Inmate housing facility. The city has a motto "Climate Best By Government Test" which is a reference to it being one of the top German scouted scientific climates and the city was one of the locations mapped by them during their testing and data collection. The Hetch Hetchy water pipeline runs through Redwood City and supplies a vast majority of the surrounding area with low grain (+/ 3 grains) rated water.  - Microsoft Windows (or simply Windows) is a metafamily of graphical operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft. It consists of several families of operating systems, each of which cater to a certain sector of the computing industry with the OS typically associated with IBM PC compatible architecture. Active Windows families include Windows NT, Windows Embedded and Windows Phone; these may encompass subfamilies, e.g. Windows Embedded Compact (Windows CE) or Windows Server. Defunct Windows families include Windows 9x; Windows 10 Mobile is an active product, unrelated to the defunct family Windows Mobile.  - Ensemble Studios was a video game developer initially established in 1995 as an independent company by Tony Goodman, Rick Goodman and John Boog-Scott, but was acquired by Microsoft in 2001 and operated as an internal studio until 2009, when it was officially disbanded. Ensemble developed many real-time strategy games, including the "Age of Empires" game series, "Age of Mythology", and "Halo Wars". In addition to game development, Ensemble Studios also made the Genie Game Engine used in "Age of Empires", "", and "". The studio sold 20 million games and was worth an estimated $500 million.  - Diablo II : Lord of Destruction is an expansion pack for the hack and slash action role - playing game Diablo II. Unlike the original Diablo '  s expansion pack , Diablo : Hellfire , it is a first - party expansion developed by Blizzard North . More than a standard expansion , Lord of Destruction not only added content in the form of two new character classes , new weapons and an addition of a fifth act , but also dramatically revamped the gameplay of the existing Diablo II for solo and especially multiplayer .  - A role-playing video game (commonly referred to as role-playing game or RPG, and in the past was also known as computer role-playing game or CRPG) is a video game genre where the player controls the actions of a character (and/or several party members) immersed in some well-defined world. Many role-playing video games have origins in pen-and-paper role-playing games (Including "Dungeons & Dragons") and use much of the same , settings and game mechanics. Other major similarities with pen-and-paper games include developed story-telling and narrative elements, player character development, complexity, as well as replayability and immersion. The electronic medium removes the necessity for a gamemaster and increases combat resolution speed. RPGs have evolved from simple text-based console-window games into visually rich 3D experiences. Since the 1980s, Role-playing is the most commercially viable video game genre in Japan, and has more market share of any other genre in the japanese gaming industry, although in the 2010s first-person shooters and western iOS and Android games were becoming rapidly and increasingly popular in that country.  - Blizzard North was the Bay Area division of Blizzard Entertainment, known for its "Diablo" series. The studio was originally based in Redwood City, California, before moving a short distance away to San Mateo, with Blizzard proper being based in Irvine, southern California.  - Big Huge Games is a video game developer located in Timonium, Maryland. The company was founded in February 2000 by four veteran game industry developers: Tim Train, David Inscore, Jason Coleman and Brian Reynolds (lead designer of "Alpha Centauri", et al.). Their first game, "Rise of Nations", was a critical and commercial hit. The original studio became defunct in May 2012, but the name "Big Huge Games" was later reacquired by Reynolds and Train for their new venture (previously known as SecretNewCo). The revived studio released the mobile game "DomiNations" on Android and iOS in April 2015.  - In , Falcom released "Sorcerian Forever" for Microsoft Windows-based PCs. In , Falcom released "Sorcerian Original", a remake of Sorcerian for Microsoft Windows-based PCs. In addition, console versions of Sorcerian with somewhat differing content from their PC counterparts were developed: A version for the Mega Drive was developed by Sega, a version for the PC Engine CD was developed by Victor Musical Industries, and a version for the Dreamcast was developed by Victor Interactive Software.  - Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. is an American video game developer and publisher based in Irvine, California, and is currently a subsidiary of American company Activision Blizzard. The company was founded on February 8, 1991, under the name Silicon & Synapse by three graduates of the University of California, Los Angeles: Michael Morhaime, Frank Pearce, and Allen Adham. The company originally concentrated primarily on the creation of game ports for other studios before beginning development of their own software in 1993 with the development of games like "Rock n' Roll Racing" and "The Lost Vikings". In 1994 the company became Chaos Studios, then Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. after being acquired by distributor Davidson & Associates.  - An expansion pack, expansion set, supplement, or simply expansion is an addition to an existing role-playing game, tabletop game or video game. These add-ons usually add new game areas, weapons, objects, characters and/or an extended storyline to complete an already released game. While board game expansions are typically designed by the original creator, video game developers sometimes contract out development of the expansion pack to a third-party company, (see "" for "Diablo"), it may choose to develop the expansion itself or it may do both (Ensemble Studios developed the real-time strategy game Age of Empires III and the first expansion called itself, but contracted Big Huge Games for the second expansion pack, the Asian Dynasties). Board games and tabletop RPGs may have been marketing expansions since the 1970s, and video games have been releasing expansion packs since the 1980s, early examples being the "Dragon Slayer" games "" and "Sorcerian".  - Age of Empires III is a real-time strategy video game developed by Microsoft Corporation's Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios. The Mac version was ported over and developed and published by Destineer's MacSoft Games. The PC version was released on October 18, 2005 in North America and November 4, 2005 in Europe, while the Mac version was released on November 21, 2006 in North America and September 29, 2006 in Europe. An N-Gage version of the game developed by Glu Mobile was released on April 28, 2009. It is the third game of the "Age of Empires" series and the sequel to "".  - Diablo II is an action role-playing hack and slash video game developed by Blizzard North and published by Blizzard Entertainment in 2000 for Microsoft Windows, Classic Mac OS, and Mac OS X. The game, with its dark fantasy and horror themes, was conceptualized and designed by David Brevik and Erich Schaefer, who with Max Schaefer acted as project leads on the game. The producers were Matthew Householder and Bill Roper.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'diablo ii: lord of destruction' exhibits the relationship of 'publisher'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - android  - blizzard entertainment  - box  - destineer  - genie  - glu mobile  - ibm  - japan  - macsoft games  - microsoft  - microsoft windows  - university of california  - victor interactive software
Answer: