Please answer the following question: Information:  - Wellington is the capital city and second most populous urban area of New Zealand, with residents. It is at the south-western tip of the North Island, between Cook Strait and the Rimutaka Range. Wellington is the major population centre of the southern North Island and is the administrative centre of the Wellington Region, which also includes the Kapiti Coast and Wairarapa. As the nation's capital city, the New Zealand Government and Parliament, Supreme Court and most of the civil service are based in the city.  - The Tasman Sea (Mori: "Te Tai-o-Rehua") is a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean, situated between Australia and New Zealand. It measures about across and about from north to south. The sea was named after the Dutch explorer Abel Janszoon Tasman, who was the first recorded European to encounter New Zealand and Tasmania. The British explorer Captain James Cook later extensively navigated the Tasman Sea in the 1770s as part of his first voyage of exploration.  - QS World University Rankings is an annual publication of university rankings by Quacquarelli Symonds (QS). Previously known as "THE-QS World University Rankings", the publisher had collaborated with "Times Higher Education magazine" ("THE") to publish its international league tables from 2004 to 2009 before both started to announce their own versions. QS then chose to still use the pre-existing methodology while "THE" adopted a new one. The QS system now comprises the global overall and subject rankings, alongside five independent regional tables (Asia, Latin America, Emerging Europe and Central Asia, the Arab Region, and BRICS). It is the only international ranking to have received International Ranking Expert Group (IREG) approval, and is viewed as one of the most widely read of its kind, along with "Academic Ranking of World Universities" and "Times Higher Education World University Rankings". However, allocating undue weight to subjective indicators and having highly fluctuating results are its major criticisms.  - Cornelius Cardew (7 May 193613 December 1981) was an English experimental music composer, and founder (with Howard Skempton and Michael Parsons) of the Scratch Orchestra, an experimental performing ensemble. He later rejected experimental music, explaining why he had "discontinued composing in an avantgarde idiom" in his own programme notes to his Piano Album 1973 in favour of a politically motivated "people's liberation music".  - Elizabeth II (Elizabeth Alexandra Mary; born 21 April 1926) has been Queen of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand since 6 February 1952. She is Head of the Commonwealth and Queen of 12 countries that have become independent since her accession: Jamaica, Barbados, the Bahamas, Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Belize, Antigua and Barbuda, and Saint Kitts and Nevis.  - Howard While Skempton (born 31 October 1947) is an English composer, pianist, and accordionist.  - A musical ensemble, also known as a music group or musical group, is a group of people who perform instrumental and/or vocal music, with the ensemble typically known by a distinct name. Some music ensembles consist solely of instruments, such as the jazz quartet or the orchestra. Some music ensembles consist solely of singers, such as choirs and doo wop groups. In both popular music and classical music, there are ensembles in which both instrumentalists and singers perform, such as the rock band or the Baroque chamber group for basso continuo (harpsichord and cello) and one or more singers. In classical music, trios or quartets either blend the sounds of musical instrument families (such as piano, strings, and wind instruments) or group together instruments from the same instrument family, such as string ensembles (e.g., string quartet) or wind ensembles (e.g., wind quintet). Some ensembles blend the sounds of a variety of instrument families, such as the orchestra, which uses a string section, brass instruments, woodwinds and percussion instruments, or the concert band, which uses brass, woodwinds and percussion.   - The New Zealand Order of Merit is an order of chivalry in New Zealand's honours system. It was established by royal warrant on 30 May 1996 by Elizabeth II, Queen of New Zealand, "for those persons who in any field of endeavour, have rendered meritorious service to the Crown and nation or who have become distinguished by their eminence, talents, contributions or other merits", to recognise outstanding service to the Crown and people of New Zealand in a civil or military capacity.  - New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island, or Te Ika-a-Mui, and the South Island, or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long period of isolation, New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks, such as the Southern Alps, owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions. New Zealand's capital city is Wellington, while its most populous city is Auckland.  - The Scratch Orchestra was an experimental musical ensemble founded in the spring of 1969 by Cornelius Cardew, Michael Parsons and Howard Skempton.  - Philip Dadson is a New Zealand musician and artist , who was in the foundation group for the Scratch Orchestra and founder of From Scratch . He was made an Arts Laureate by the Arts Foundation of New Zealand in 2001 , and an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2005 . He lectured at the Elam School of Fine Arts , part of the University of Auckland from 1977 , leaving in 2001 to take up full - time art practice . He co-authored the 2007 book Slap Tubes and other Plosive Aerophones with fellow instrument inventor Bart Hopkin , whose 1998 CD / book Gravikords , Whirlies & Pyrophones had also featured Dadson 's group From Scratch .  - The Elam School of Fine Arts, founded by John Edward Elam, is part of The University of Auckland. Students study degrees in fine art with an emphasis on a multidisciplinary approach. The school is located across three buildings, the Mondrian building, Building 431 (or the "Main" fine arts building), and Elam B, which includes the studios for postgraduate and doctoral students on Princes Street, in central Auckland, New Zealand.  - Tectonic uplift is the portion of the total geologic uplift of the mean Earth surface that is not attributable to an isostatic response to unloading. While isostatic response is important, an increase in the mean elevation of a region can only occur in response to tectonic processes of crustal thickening (such as mountain building events), changes in the density distribution of the crust and underlying mantle, and flexural support due to the bending of rigid lithosphere.  - The University of Auckland is the largest university in New Zealand, located in the country's largest city, Auckland. It is the highest-ranked university in the country, being ranked 81st worldwide in the 2016/17 QS World University Rankings. Established in 1883 as a constituent college of the University of New Zealand, the university is made up of eight faculties over six campuses. It has a head count of more than 40,000 students, and more than 30,000 equivalent full-time students.  - The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ("Mori") is one of the two main islands of New Zealand, separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait. The island's area is , making it the world's 14th-largest island. It has a population of   - The Southern Alps (Mori: K Tiritiri o te Moana ) are a mountain range extending along much of the length of New Zealand's South Island, reaching its greatest elevations near the island's western side. The term "Southern Alps" generally refers to the entire range, although separate names are given to many of the smaller ranges that form part of it.  - The South Island or Te Waipounamu ("Mori") is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand, the other being the smaller but more populous North Island. It is bordered to the north by Cook Strait, to the west by the Tasman Sea, and to the south and east by the Pacific Ocean. The South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate.  - In European academic traditions, fine art is art developed primarily for aesthetics or beauty, distinguishing it from applied art that also has to serve some practical function, such as pottery or most metalwork.  - Tonga (or ; Tongan: "Puleanga Fakatui o Tonga"), officially the Kingdom of Tonga, is a Polynesian sovereign state and archipelago comprising 169 islands of which 36 are inhabited. The total surface area is about scattered over of the southern Pacific Ocean. It has a population of 103,000 people of whom 70% reside on the main island of Tongatapu.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'occupation'.
A: