Information:  - Arthur Chesterfield-Evans (born 16 June 1950) is an Australian medical practitioner, politician and peace activist who served as a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales from 1998 to 2007.  - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.  - The Parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia, variously referred to as the Australian Parliament, the Commonwealth Parliament or the Federal Parliament, is the legislative branch of the government of Australia. It consists of three elements: the Queen of Australia, the Senate and the House of Representatives. The Queen is represented by the Governor-General. The combination of two elected houses, in which the members of the Senate represent the six States and the two self-governing Territories while the members of the House represent electoral divisions according to population, is modelled on the United States Congress. Through both houses, however, there is a fused executive, drawn from the Westminster System.  - The Australian Democrats was a centrist political party in Australia with a social-liberal ideology. The party was formed in 1977, a merger of the Australia Party and the New Liberal Movement, with former Liberal minister Don Chipp as its high-profile leader. Though never achieving a seat in the House of Representatives, the party had considerable influence in the Senate for the following thirty years. Its representation in the Parliament of Australia ended on 30 June 2008, after loss of its four remaining Senate seats at the 2007 general election. , the organisation had disintegrated and control was contested by two factions associated with two former parliamentarians. The party was deregistered by the Australian Electoral Commission on 16 April 2015 due to the party's failure to demonstrate requisite 500 members to maintain registration. Even before its deregistration and since it became extinct as a parliamentary party anywhere in Australia, the party saw many of its prominent members defect to the Greens, including former federal party leaders Janet Powell and Andrew Bartlett and former NSW MLC Arthur Chesterfield-Evans.  - Solomon Islands is a sovereign country consisting of six major islands and over 900 smaller islands in Oceania lying to the east of Papua New Guinea and northwest of Vanuatu and covering a land area of . The country's capital, Honiara, is located on the island of Guadalcanal. The country takes its name from the Solomon Islands archipelago, which is a collection of Melanesian islands that also includes the North Solomon Islands (part of Papua New Guinea), but excludes outlying islands, such as Rennell and Bellona, and the Santa Cruz Islands.  - Indonesia (or ; Indonesian: ), officially the Republic of Indonesia, is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania. Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans, it is the world's largest island country, with more than seventeen thousand islands. At , Indonesia is the world's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area. It has an estimated population of over 260 million people and is the world's fourth most populous country, the most populous Austronesian nation, as well as the most populous Muslim-majority country. The world's most populous island of Java contains more than half of the country's population.  - The single transferable vote (STV) is a voting system designed to achieve proportional representation through ranked voting in multi-seat organizations or constituencies (voting districts). Under STV, an elector (voter) has a single vote that is initially allocated to their most preferred candidate and, as the count proceeds and candidates are either elected or eliminated, is transferred to other candidates according to the voter's stated preferences, in proportion to any surplus or discarded votes. The exact method of reapportioning votes can vary (see Counting methods).  - East Timor or Timor-Leste (Tetum: "Timór Lorosa'e"), officially the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste, is a sovereign state in Maritime Southeast Asia. It comprises the eastern half of the island of Timor; the nearby islands of Atauro and Jaco; and Oecusse, an exclave on the northwestern side of the island surrounded by Indonesian West Timor. The country's size is about 15,410 km (5,400 sq mi).  - The Australian Senate is the upper house of the bicameral Parliament of Australia, the lower house being the House of Representatives. The composition and powers of the Senate are established in Chapter I, Part II of the Australian Constitution. There are a total of 76 senators: 12 senators are elected from each of the six states (regardless of population) and two from each of the two autonomous internal territories (the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory). Senators are popularly elected under the single transferable vote system of proportional representation.   - Andrew John Julian Bartlett (born 4 August 1964) is a former Australian politician. He was an Australian Democrats member of the Australian Senate from 1997 to 2008, representing the state of Queensland. He was the leader of the Democrats from 2002 to 2004, and deputy leader from 2004 to 2008. Bartlett was also the convenor of the Queensland Greens. He is a current academic and social campaigner.  - Siegfried Emil `` Sid '' Spindler ( 9 July 1932 -- 1 March 2008 ) was an Australian politician representing the Australian Democrats in the Australian Senate for one term from 1990 to 1996 . Spindler was born in ód , Poland . After migrating to Australia , he studied at the University of Melbourne where he graduated LL.B. His background as a refugee from World War II Europe influenced what he described as a personal quest to resolve issues related to the Holocaust , reaching a conclusion that a repetition can be prevented only if every human being is respected and treated equally , regardless of race , religion , gender and sexuality . He was an administrator of the Alice Springs Community College and an organiser and candidate for the Australia Party before joining the Australian Democrats and becoming senior adviser to Don Chipp and Janine Haines . Spindler was Victorian state president of the Australian Democrats from 1985 to 1989 and a national vice-president from 1987 to 1990 . He was elected as a senator for Victoria in 1990 , serving from 1 July 1990 to 30 June 1996 and managing a range of shadow - ministerial portfolios , as was mandatory for all Democrat parliamentarians . In parliament he spoke in support of the rights of Aborigines , refugees , prisoners , pensioners , taxpayers and the environment . He also spoke and campaigned against child labour and sexual discrimination . He retired from the Senate at the end of his term in 1996 . Spindler 's relationship with Janet Powell , then leader of the Democrats , was used as leverage to remove Powell from the leadership in 1991 . Spindler and his family established the Towards a Just Society Fund in 2002 , which distributes $ 200,000 annually to help Aboriginal students . He died of liver cancer in the Epworth Hospital in Melbourne , on his fiftieth wedding anniversary . He was survived by his wife Julia and four children .  - Janet Frances Powell AM (29 September 194230 September 2013) was an Australian politician.  - An upper house, sometimes called a Senate, is one of two chambers of a bicameral legislature (or one of three chambers of a tricameral legislature), the other chamber being the lower house. The house formally designated as the upper house is usually smaller, and often has more restricted power, than the lower house. Examples of upper houses in countries include the UK's House of Lords, Canada's Senate, India's Rajya Sabha, Russia's Federation Council, Ireland's Seanad, Germany's Bundesrat and the United States Senate.  - Donald Leslie Chipp, AO (21 August 192528 August 2006) was an Australian politician, and the inaugural leader of the Australian Democrats.  - Sydney is the state capital of New South Wales and the most populous city in Australia and Oceania. Located on Australia's east coast, the metropolis surrounds the world's largest natural harbour, and sprawls towards the Blue Mountains to the west. Residents of Sydney are known as "Sydneysiders". Sydney is the second official seat and second official residence of the Governor-General of Australia and the Prime Minister of Australia and many federal ministries maintain substantial presences in Sydney.    'sid spindler' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'position held'?  Choices: - 12  - 4  - congress  - count  - governor  - leader  - member of the australian senate  - minister  - politician  - prime minister  - rajya sabha  - senate  - sovereign
Answer: