Oh God, a hacker’s on the loose with a new (but familiar) Google Docs phishing scam, and journalists (among many others) are in the crosshairs. 
  
 On Wednesday afternoon, countless unsuspecting email users—including reporters from BuzzFeed, Hearst, New York Magazine, Vice, as well as your friends here at Gizmodo Media—received some seemingly legit invites to view a Google Docs file. The email doesn’t look quite right, but anyone who clicks through arrives at a login screen that looks almost indistinguishable from the same screen you’d see if someone actually invited you to a Google Doc. It’s the one with a list of your Google Accounts, and it even matches Google’s recent redesign. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 What’s even scarier than that, the page has a very real-looking Google.com URL and clicking on a link to Google Docs appears to confirm the page’s authenticity. It gets worse. That page invites to choose which account you’d like to use to view the Google Doc, and then you’re taken to a page that invites you to grant access to your Google Account. Here’s what the whole attack looks like: 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 If you get an email that looks like the one above, delete it immediately. There’s a good chance that it will appear to have been sent by someone with a legit-looking email address. One Gizmodo reader even shared an email that had come from a .gov email address. This kind of thing is easy to spoof, however. 
  
 There are a couple telltale signs that this email is bullshit. It’s addressed to “hhhhhhhhhhhhhh@mailinator.com,” and the email itself doesn’t look quite like the ones that Google sends. That, and the fact that countless members of the media are reporting on Twitter that the email is a phishing scam. (The EFF told Joe Bernstein from BuzzFeed, where some of the earliest emails were spotted, that the attack was not intended to deliver malware but rather hijack credentials, another term for phishing.) 
  
 It’s still unclear who’s behind this attack, and we might never know. If we learn anything new, we’ll update this post. We’ve reached out to Google for more information on the attack and will update this post if we hear back. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 In the meantime, be safe out there. And maybe don’t click on any Google Doc links for the rest of the week. 
  
 Update 4:35pm - Gmail has addressed the attack on Twitter: 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Update 5:25pm - Google sent us the following statement by way of a PR agency: 
  
 We have taken action to protect users against an email impersonating Google Docs, and have disabled offending accounts. We’ve removed the fake pages, pushed updates through Safe Browsing, and our abuse team is working to prevent this kind of spoofing from happening again. We encourage users to report phishing emails in Gmail. 
  
 Update 10:40pm - Google sent us another statement, this time not from a PR agency but attributable directly to a Google spokesperson: 
  
 We realize people are concerned about their Google accounts, and we’re now able to give a fuller explanation after further investigation. We have taken action to protect users against an email spam campaign impersonating Google Docs, which affected fewer than 0.1% of Gmail users. We protected users from this attack through a combination of automatic and manual actions, including removing the fake pages and applications, and pushing updates through Safe Browsing, Gmail, and other anti-abuse systems. We were able to stop the campaign within approximately one hour. While contact information was accessed and used by the campaign, our investigations show that no other data was exposed. There’s no further action users need to take regarding this event; users who want to review third party apps connected to their account can visit Google Security Checkup. ||||| A phishing email and a website masquerading as a legitimate Google service targeted thousands of people Wednesday, hoping they would supply personal information and spread the scam to others. 
  
 The scheme appears to take advantage of technology that the search engine giant makes available to any website allowing people to log in to them with their Google username and password. The websites can get access to information people store with Google, including their contacts. 
  
 In Wednesday’s scam, a sham website was labeled “Google Docs,” confusing people who believed they were on the real document-writing and -sharing platform. Instead, the fake Google Docs uses the newly gained list of contacts to send spam. 
  
 To read this article in Spanish, click here 
  
 Recipients may think a contact is sharing a Google-stored document. But clicking the link opens up the fake Google Docs website, further spreading the ploy. One way to know whether you have received a fraudulent Google Docs link: the “to” field in the phishing e-mail shows the address hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh@mailinator.com. 
  
 It’s unclear whether the scam is harvesting any information from duped consumers or why Google approved a business bearing its name to use the technology. 
  
 Google responded only with a statement that said: “We have taken action to protect users against an email impersonating Google Docs, and have disabled offending accounts. We’ve removed the fake pages, pushed updates through Safe Browsing, and our abuse team is working to prevent this kind of spoofing from happening again.” 
  
 People caught in the scheme can remove the scammers’ access to their Google accounts in their account settings. 
  
 To read the article in Spanish, click here 
  
 CAPTION State officials have warned against building homes within 500 feet of freeways. That's where people suffer higher rates of asthma, cancer and heart disease. Yet they’re building low-income housing in those areas State officials have warned against building homes within 500 feet of freeways. That's where people suffer higher rates of asthma, cancer and heart disease. Yet they’re building low-income housing in those areas CAPTION State officials have warned against building homes within 500 feet of freeways. That's where people suffer higher rates of asthma, cancer and heart disease. Yet they’re building low-income housing in those areas State officials have warned against building homes within 500 feet of freeways. That's where people suffer higher rates of asthma, cancer and heart disease. Yet they’re building low-income housing in those areas CAPTION An Amtrak train derailed over Interstate 5 in Washington state on Monday morning, reportedly killing multiple people, according to the Pierce County Sheriff’s Department An Amtrak train derailed over Interstate 5 in Washington state on Monday morning, reportedly killing multiple people, according to the Pierce County Sheriff’s Department CAPTION Firefighters took advantage of light winds in Santa Barbara County late Sunday, mounting an aggressive attack directly on the massive Thomas fire’s western face a day after powerful gusts pushed flames toward homes along the coast. Firefighters took advantage of light winds in Santa Barbara County late Sunday, mounting an aggressive attack directly on the massive Thomas fire’s western face a day after powerful gusts pushed flames toward homes along the coast. CAPTION Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. New York City's bomb attack suspect was allegedly inspired by Islamic State's call for attacks. "The Shape of Water" and "Big Little Lies" led the Golden Globe nominations anounced Monday. Mario Batali stepped away from "The Chew" and his day-to-day business operations. Democrat Doug Jones won Alabama’s U.S. Senate seat Tuesday. A cooking fire at a homeless encampment caused the Skirball fire, officials said. Santa Barbara County is under siege from the Thomas fire. New York City's bomb attack suspect was allegedly inspired by Islamic State's call for attacks. "The Shape of Water" and "Big Little Lies" led the Golden Globe nominations anounced Monday. Mario Batali stepped away from "The Chew" and his day-to-day business operations. Democrat Doug Jones won Alabama’s U.S. Senate seat Tuesday. A cooking fire at a homeless encampment caused the Skirball fire, officials said. CAPTION The so-called sundowner winds are pushing south from the mountains down to the coast — removing moisture along the way — and are expected to present firefighters in Santa Barbara County with their biggest challenge since the Thomas fire roared back to life a week ago, officials said. The so-called sundowner winds are pushing south from the mountains down to the coast — removing moisture along the way — and are expected to present firefighters in Santa Barbara County with their biggest challenge since the Thomas fire roared back to life a week ago, officials said. 
  
 paresh.dave@latimes.com / PGP 
  
 Twitter: @peard33 
  
 ALSO 
  
 Wells Fargo fired a worker for refusing to scam customers, lawsuit says 
  
 ‘He’s saying the meanest things’: Burbank family whose dog went missing could be the target of a scammer 
  
 Column: Whatever you do, don’t say yes when this chatbot asks, 'Can you hear me?' 
  
 UPDATES: 
  
 2:35 p.m.: This article was updated to include a statement from Google. 
  
 This article was originally published at 1:50 p.m. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?