Information:  - Peter David Tomarken (December 7, 1942March 13, 2006) was an American television personality primarily known as the host of "Press Your Luck".  - CBS Television City is a television studio complex located in the Fairfax District of Los Angeles at 7800 Beverly Boulevard, at the corner of North Fairfax Avenue. Designed by architect William Pereira, it is one of two CBS television studios in southern California  the other is CBS Studio Center, located in the Studio City section of the San Fernando Valley, which houses additional production facilities and the network's Los Angeles local television operations (KCBS and KCAL). Since 1961, it has served as the master control facility for CBS's west coast television network operations; prior to that, it was based at Columbia Square. The company's West Coast radio production center is located more than a mile away to the south, in the Miracle Mile neighborhood.  - CBS Corporation is an American mass media corporation focused on commercial broadcasting, publishing, and television production, with most of its operations in the United States. The president, chief executive and executive chairman of the company is Leslie Moonves. Sumner Redstone, owner of National Amusements, is CBS's majority shareholder and serves as chairman emeritus. The company began trading on the NYSE on January 3, 2006. Until then, the corporation was known as Viacom, and is the legal successor to said company. A new company, keeping the Viacom name, was spun off from CBS. CBS, not Viacom, retains control of over-the-air television (CBS, CW) and radio broadcasting, TV production and distribution, publishing, pay-cable, basic cable (Pop), and recording formerly owned by the larger company. CBS has its headquarters in the CBS Building (colloquially called "Black Rock"), Midtown, Manhattan, New York City, United States.  - A television network is a telecommunications network for distribution of television program content, whereby a central operation provides programming to many television stations or pay television providers. Until the mid-1980s, television programming in most countries of the world was dominated by a small number of broadcast networks. Many early television networks (such as the BBC, NBC or CBC) evolved from earlier radio networks.  - James Todd Newton (born May 5, 1970) is an American entertainment personality, a Daytime Emmy winning game show host, and author/speaker.  - The CBS Broadcast Center is a television and radio production facility located in New York City. It is CBS's main East Coast production center, much as Television City in Los Angeles is the West Coast hub.  - The CBS Building in New York City, also known as Black Rock, is the headquarters of CBS Corporation. Located at 51 West 52nd Street at the corner of Sixth Avenue (Avenue of the Americas), the Eero Saarinen designed building opened in 1965. It is 38 stories and tall with approximately rentable of space. The interior and furnishings were designed by Saarinen and Florence Knoll.  - NeWS (Network extensible Window System) is a discontinued windowing system developed by Sun Microsystems in the mid-1980s. Originally known as "SunDew", its primary authors were James Gosling and David S. H. Rosenthal. The NeWS interpreter was based on PostScript (as was the later Display PostScript, although the two projects were otherwise unrelated) extending it to allow interaction and multiple "contexts" to support windows. Like PostScript, NeWS could be used as a complete programming language, but unlike PostScript, NeWS could be used to make complete interactive programs with mouse support and a GUI.  - Bill Carruthers (September 27, 1930  March 2, 2003), born in Detroit, Michigan, was a television executive who gained his first fame as the director of "The Soupy Sales Show" at Detroit television station WXYZ-TV. He also directed the Ernie Kovacs-helmed game show, "Take a Good Look", for ABC from 1959 to 1961.  - Game Show Network (GSN) is an American digital cable and satellite television channel that is owned as a joint venture between Sony Pictures Television (owning a controlling 58% interest) and AT&T Entertainment Group (holding a 42% ownership stake).  - CBS Studio Center is a television and film studio located in the Studio City district of Los Angeles in the San Fernando Valley. It is located at 4024 Radford Avenue and takes up a triangular piece of land, with the Los Angeles River bisecting the site. The lot, which is not open to the public for tours, has 18 sound stages from 7,000 to , of office space, and 223 dressing rooms.  - Whammy ! ( subtitled The All - New Press Your Luck for its first season ) is an American television game show that aired new episodes on Game Show Network from April 15 , 2002 to December 5 , 2003 . The program is an updated version of Press Your Luck , which originally aired on CBS from 1983 -- 86 . The series was taped at Tribune Studios and was hosted by Todd Newton , with Gary Kroeger announcing .  - CBS (an initialism of the network's former name, the Columbia Broadcasting System) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is a flagship property of CBS Corporation. The company is headquartered at the CBS Building in New York City with major production facilities and operations in New York City (at the CBS Broadcast Center) and Los Angeles (at CBS Television City and the CBS Studio Center).  - Television or TV is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images in monochrome (black-and-white), or in color, and in two or three dimensions and sound. It can refer to a television set, a television program ("TV show"), or the medium of television transmission. Television is a mass medium, for entertainment, education, news, and advertising.  - James Edward "Jim" Peck (born June 5, 1943 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American television and radio personality based in Milwaukee and is perhaps best known for his time as a game show host.  - The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States. With an estimated 2015 population of 8,550,405 distributed over a land area of just , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States. Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York City exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term "New York minute". Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.  - Press Your Luck is an American television daytime game show created by Bill Carruthers and Jan McCormack. It premiered on CBS on September 19, 1983 and ended on September 26, 1986. In the show, contestants collected spins by answering trivia questions and then used the spins on an 18-space game board to win cash and prizes. The person who amassed the highest total in cash and prizes kept his/her winnings and became the champion. Peter Tomarken was the show's host, and Rod Roddy was the primary announcer. John Harlan and Charlie O'Donnell filled in as substitute announcers for Roddy on different occasions. "Press Your Luck" was videotaped before a studio audience at CBS Television City, Studios 33 and 43, in Hollywood, California. The show was a revival of the earlier Carruthers production "Second Chance", which was hosted by Jim Peck and aired on ABC during 1977.  - Gary Kroeger (born April 13, 1957) is an American actor best known for his work as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1982 to 1985, and his work on various game shows. He announced his candidacy for the U.S. House of Representatives from Iowa's 1st District on April 6, 2015.  - Saturday Night Live (abbreviated as SNL) is an American late-night live television sketch comedy and variety show created by Lorne Michaels and developed by Dick Ebersol. The show premiered on NBC on October 11, 1975, under the original title NBC's Saturday Night. The show's comedy sketches, which parody contemporary culture and politics, are performed by a large and varying cast of repertory and newer cast members. Each episode is hosted by a celebrity guest (who usually delivers an opening monologue and performs in sketches with the cast) and features performances by a musical guest. An episode normally begins with a cold open sketch that ends with someone breaking character and proclaiming, "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!", properly beginning the show.  - Sony Pictures Television (abbreviated as SPT) is an American television production and distribution studio. Based in Culver City, California, it is a division of Sony Pictures and a unit of the Japanese conglomerate Sony.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'creator' with the subject 'whammy! the all-new press your luck'.  Choices: - bbc  - bill carruthers  - city  - game show network  - james  - lorne michaels  - nbc  - peter david  - united nations