FILE- In this Nov. 30, 2017, file photo, Catherine Deneuve attends the Lincoln Center Corporate Fund Gala honoring Louis Vuitton artistic director of women's collections Nicolas Ghesquiere, at Alice Tully... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE- In this Nov. 30, 2017, file photo, Catherine Deneuve attends the Lincoln Center Corporate Fund Gala honoring Louis Vuitton artistic director of women's collections Nicolas Ghesquiere, at Alice Tully Hall in New York. Deneuve was among about 100 performers, scholars and others who signed an open... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE- In this Nov. 30, 2017, file photo, Catherine Deneuve attends the Lincoln Center Corporate Fund Gala honoring Louis Vuitton artistic director of women's collections Nicolas Ghesquiere, at Alice Tully Hall in New York. Deneuve was among about 100 performers, scholars and others who signed an open... (Associated Press) FILE- In this Nov. 30, 2017, file photo, Catherine Deneuve attends the Lincoln Center Corporate Fund Gala honoring Louis Vuitton artistic director of women's collections Nicolas Ghesquiere, at Alice Tully... (Associated Press) 
  
 PARIS (AP) — An open letter signed by movie star Catherine Deneuve and dozens of other French women about men being unfairly targeted by sexual misconduct allegations has prompted a backlash in the French press and on social media. 
  
 In the letter, published in Le Monde newspaper, Deneuve and about 100 actresses, writers, scholars and artists argued that the "legitimate protest against sexual violence" stemming from the Harvey Weinstein scandal has gone too far and threatens hard-won sexual freedoms. They said men should be free to hit on women and advocated against "puritanism." 
  
 On Wednesday, French women's rights activists denounced the letter as "a bit like the awkward work colleague or annoying uncle who doesn't understand what's happening." 
  
 The activists, including feminist Caroline De Haas, wrote on the Franceinfotv website that Deneuve and other signatories are making sexual violence appear "normal." 
  
 Marlene Schiappa, France's junior minister for women's rights, told France Culture radio: "There are in this open letter some things that are deeply offensive and false." 
  
 The letter signed by Deneuve said some women may see being rubbed against by a man in the metro as an expression of "sexual deprivation" or a "non-event." 
  
 Schiappa countered that "it's dangerous to say such things," and insisted that such an act constituted sexual assault punishable with up to 3 years in prison and a fine of 75,000 euros ($90,100). 
  
 Writer Abnousse Shalmani, one of those who signed the open letter, said she was surprised by the "extremely violent reactions" it prompted. 
  
 "I consider myself to be a grown up. I am capable of receiving a sexual proposition and even more capable of saying no", she said on Europe 1 radio. 
  
 Italian filmmaker and actress Asia Argento, one of the dozens of women who have alleged Weinstein sexually harassed or assaulted them, called the letter "deplorable" in a tweet. ||||| Veteran French actress Catherine Deneuve was among 100 women who signed an open letter last week, slamming what they termed “expeditious justice” spurred by the #MeToo movement and defending a man’s “freedom to importune.” The letter published in Le Monde has been the source of much debate in the past several days. Denueve herself is now responding. 
  
 In her own open letter published by Libération Sunday night local time, the actress stands by signing the manifesto while also explaining her position and apologizing to “all victims of odious acts who may have felt offended” by the letter whose text she says does not claim that harassment is a good thing. 
  
 Saying she felt a need to clarify her position, Deneuve writes, “Yes, I like freedom. I don’t like this characteristic of our times whereby everyone feels they have the right to judge, to arbitrate, to condemn. A time where simple denunciations on social media generate punishment, resignation and sometimes, and often, lynching by the media… I don’t excuse anything. I don’t decide the guilt of these men because I am not qualified to do so. And few are… No, I don’t like this pack mentality.” 
  
 Saying she found the manifesto “vigorous” if not “perfectly right,” she declares, “Yes, I signed this petition, and yet it seems to me absolutely necessary today to underline my disagreement with the manner in which some of the signatories claim the right to permeate the media, distorting the spirit of the original text.” She goes on to cite, without naming her, a woman who appeared on television saying it is possible to have an orgasm during a rape. Such a declaration “is worse than spitting in the face of all those who have suffered this crime,” Deneuve writes. 
  
 She adds, “Obviously nothing in the text claims that harassment is good, otherwise I would not have signed it.” 
  
 The Oscar-nominated star of Indochine points out she has been an actress since age 17 and could say she has “witnessed situations that were more than indelicate, or that I know through other actors that filmmakers have abused their power in a cowardly manner.” But, “it is not for me to speak in the place of my sisters.” 
  
 An essential reason Deneuve says she signed the text is “the danger of the purging of the arts. Are we going to burn Sade from La Pléiade? Designate Leonardo da Vinci as a pedophile artist and erase his paintings? Take Gaugin off museum walls? Destroy the drawings of Egon Schiele? Ban Phil Spector’s records? This climate of censorship leaves me speechless and worried about the future of our societies.” 
  
 Deneuve concludes, “I have sometimes been reproached for not being a feminist,” and reminds that she was one of 343 women who signed the 1971 manifesto defending abortion rights that was written by Simone de Beauvoir. “Abortion was punishable by criminal prosecution and imprisonment at the time. That is why I want to say to conservatives, racists and traditionalists of all kinds who have found it strategic to support me, I am not fooled. They will have neither my gratitude nor my friendship, quite the contrary. I am a free woman and I will continue to be. I warmly salute all the victims of odious acts who may have felt offended by the letter published in Le Monde, it’s to them and them alone that I apologize.” ||||| French actor says she stands by letter that caused outcry but condemns other signatories for distorting the spirit of its message 
  
 Catherine Deneuve has apologised to female victims of sexual assault who were shocked and hurt by the controversial letter she signed attacking the #MeToo campaign. 
  
 The French actor said she stood by the statement that caused an international outcry when it was published last week, but distanced herself from a number of other female signatories. 
  
 Le Monde newspaper, which ran the original letter, described Deneuve’s response to the row as “a form of mea culpa”. 
  
 About 100 French women, including high-profile writers, artists and academics, put their names to the attack on a wave of Anglo-American “puritanism” following the Harvey Weinstein sex abuse scandal. They suggested the #MeToo campaign (#BalanceTonPorc – Squeal on Your Pig – in France) in which women denounced their alleged attackers had gone too far. They defended the right of men to “importune” in the name of “sexual freedom” and claimed men were being subjected to a witch-hunt. 
  
 In her letter, published in Libération, Deneuve said she had signed the statement because she opposed the “media lynching” of men accused of inappropriate behaviour and found its message “vigorous” if not “entirely right”. 
  
 “Yes, I signed that petition, however, it seems absolutely necessary today to underline my disagreement with the way certain signatories have individually assumed the right to expand upon it in the media, distorting the spirit of the text,” she wrote. 
  
 She referred to former radio presenter Brigitte Lahaie, who during a heated debate on BFMTV said women were able to “orgasm during a rape”. Without mentioning Lahaie by name, Deneuve said this was “worse than spitting in the face of those who have suffered this crime”. 
  
 “Not only do these words suggest to those who are used to using force or sexuality to destroy that it’s not so serious … but when one signs a manifesto that engages other people, one avoids dragging them into one’s own verbal incontinence. It’s unworthy. And obviously nothing in the text claims that harassment is good, otherwise I wouldn’t have signed it,” she wrote. 
  
 Reminding those who questioned her feminist credentials that she was among 343 women, including feminist writer Simone de Beauvoir, to sign a 1971 declaration admitting they had an abortion when it was still illegal, Deneueve dismissed the “conservatives, racists and traditionalists of all kinds who have found it strategic to give me their support”. 
  
 “I am not fooled,” she wrote. “They will not have my gratitude or my friendship. Quite the opposite. 
  
 “I’m a free woman and I will remain one. I fraternally salute all women victims of odious acts who might have felt assaulted by the letter in Le Monde. It is to them, and them alone, that I apologise.” |||||

Write a summary.