Write a title for this article:

I can’t count how many times I’ve heard that warning in the 14 months since I decided to move to Moscow from Berlin. It’s as if I were entering a war zone.

In fairness, those 14 months have seen a string of calamitous events that have left much of Russia transformed: the annexation of Crimea; war in eastern Ukraine; the deterioration of relations with the West; sanctions; President Vladimir V. Putin’s clampdown on political opposition, media and the arts; and the collapse of the ruble and slowdown of the Russian economy.

Not surprisingly, tourism is part of that stagnation. Since the beginning of 2014, tourism to Russia has declined 35 percent, according to the Association of Tour Operators of Russia. Tourism from the West has been cut in half.

Yet for visitors, life generally goes on as usual in the affluent, cosmopolitan centers of Moscow and St. Petersburg where the vast majority of foreign tourists spend most or all of their time. Except for areas near the Ukraine border or in the long-embattled North Caucasus, there are no major Western advisories against travel to Russia. The State Department is the most cautious, warning Americans against attending demonstrations and urging “good security practices” in public places.

Still, contrary to the images often evoked by the news media, there’s little evidence to suggest that Russia’s top destinations are any less safe now for visitors than they were a few years ago.

That’s not to say there has not been a change in mood. As a Western tourist anywhere, it’s often a good idea to avoid political discussions in places with very drunk people, but even more so in Russia. Helped along by television propaganda, many people in Russia blame the West for their current economic problems and the war in Ukraine. The proportion of Russians who say they have a negative view of the United States has more than doubled over the past year, according to a recent poll by the independent Levada-Center. Yet there’s a sizable gap between what is said in opinion polls, and what’s represented in everyday interactions.

Or as my friend Maria Baronova, a prominent opposition activist, once put it: “We hate you Americans so much that we treat you like V.I.P.s.”

Long gone may be the days when speaking loudly in American English was the best way to make it past “face control” at the entrances of Moscow’s exclusive nightclubs, but after nearly a year here, I have yet to see or hear of Western tourists being harassed because of their nationality. I’ve witnessed more anti-American sentiment in Berlin, albeit of the smug European leftist variety, than I have in Moscow.

“I was expecting way more of a difference,” said Kate Wood, a 16-year-old from Chapel Hill, N.C., who was visiting Moscow for the second time as part of an annual church trip to volunteer at an orphanage in the Kirov region. I came upon her and several of her fellow congregants eating ice cream and speaking loudly in English at a cafe on the ground floor of GUM department store on Red Square.

“I guess I was thinking that we would need to keep a lower profile,” added Ms. Wood, who was last in Moscow before Western sanctions or the war in eastern Ukraine, “but no one’s reacted badly to us at all, and we’re even kind of loud.”

Probably the biggest selling point for visiting Russia now, though, is the drastic devaluation of the ruble, which lost more than half its worth at the end of last year. Even taking into account inflation (recorded at 16.7 percent in February) and the ruble’s considerable rebound over the past few months, the country is more affordable than at any time in recent memory. At the beginning of 2014, a dollar bought 32.86 rubles. In mid-April this year, it bought 49.80.

For tourists, this means paying 15 to 50 percent less for just about everything. A year ago, a cappuccino in Moscow cost the equivalent of $8 or $9. Now it’s rarely more than $5. Though airlines, even Russia’s Aeroflot, keep their tickets indexed at dollar rates, most hotels have not substantially raised their ruble prices.

This means that the starting room rate in June at the Sheraton Palace, which is 11,900 rubles, has decreased from $362 to $226. A room at a budget hotel goes for around $50 these days, and a double at the Ritz-Carlton, at 28,910 rubles, was once just short of $900 and now comes in just over $550. In fact, luxury hotels in Moscow actually reported an 8 percent uptick in occupancy in the first two months of 2015, apparently because of travelers upgrading from midrange because of the currency rate, according to a recent report cited by The Moscow Times.

Though some tourist attractions have increased the entrance fee in rubles, they are still more affordable for visitors with foreign currency. The Kremlin’s entrance fee has increased since the beginning of 2014 from 350 to 500 rubles, but in dollars, it has dropped from $10.65 to $9.54. Entrance for non-Russians to the Tretyakov State Gallery, with its stunning collection of medieval Russian religious art, is now 450 instead of 360 rubles, but its dollar price has dropped 10 percent.

Most cathedrals and churches seem not to have increased their entrance fees, nor has the phenomenal Russian Museum in St. Petersburg, meaning all are around 40 percent cheaper for visitors. The State Hermitage Museum there seems to be the only major attraction that is actually more expensive for foreigners, though not by much. It doubled its price in rubles, but the dollar price increased by about a buck.

Ruble ticket prices to the Bolshoi Theater have not changed. A decent seat for an opera or ballet on the recently refurbished historic stage still sells in the 3,000- to 9,000-ruble range, which used to start around $90 but now starts at $57. Of course, that’s only if you manage to buy from the theater itself. The scalper racket is as strong as ever, but even scalpers’ more capricious price schemes, anywhere from $50 to upward of $500, are now further within range of budget travelers.

Restaurants and bars are now significantly more affordable for foreigners, and the economic crisis means they are less crowded. But even if a reservation is no longer indispensable, eating out requires a bit more strategizing. The culinary scenes in Moscow and St. Petersburg expanded greatly in the past decade, with international cuisine dominating the field: French, Japanese, Italian, Thai or, to mixed effect, some fusion of two or more. But because of Mr. Putin’s retaliatory ban on Western food imports, many Muscovites’ most beloved Continental-style restaurants either cannot find or can’t afford the ingredients they once relied on, and many have seen a drop-off in quality. The fare at sleek Ragout, urbane Ugolek and Jean Jacques, the favorite French bistro of the Russian opposition, is not what it used to be, and though Strelka Bar still has some of the best cocktails in town, its menu has also taken a hit.

It’s a safer bet these days to go for food whose source is closer to home. LavkaLavka in Moscow and Cococo, its even better sister restaurant in St. Petersburg, are the best of the innovative restaurants offering updated, farm-to-table takes on traditional Russian cuisine. Dishes like Cococo’s “tourist’s breakfast,” a cylinder of pearl barley, lightly salted beef tartare, smoked herbs and quail egg served theatrically in a blackened half tin can, or LavkaLavka’s memorable borscht with organic beets, brisket and cured pork fat (known in Russia as salo) — plus both restaurants’ homemade vodka infusions — will convert the staunchest nonbelievers. And the 40 percent markdown makes dinner feel like a steal.

“This is a very good moment to try to change the image of Russia and to attract tourists from different countries, because the ruble is so cheap,” said Maya Lomidze, the executive director of the Association of Tour Operators of Russia. Indeed, some companies have managed to offset losses by using the ruble crash as a marketing angle.

“We make connections on the exchange rate to attract tourists and agents from different countries, and I think it works quite well,” said Olya Skoveleva, a travel manager at Visit Russia, a private tour company that actually reports a 15 percent increase in Western tourists in the past year. The Westerners’ most popular destinations by far are Moscow and St. Petersburg, but the company also sends them to Sochi and the Black Sea or to smaller towns along the so-called Golden Ring of small cities northeast of Moscow, albeit in the company of an official guide.

Ms. Skoveleva said that many visitors are initially quite concerned for their safety but are ultimately reassured.

“We explain to them that nothing will disturb them regarding the political issues,” she said. “Considering the international situation and how it appears in the media, it is even sometimes surprising to me, but it’s the reality.”

“Putin,” she added, “is not the whole country.”

Sign up to receive our NYT Living newsletter, a weekly roundup of lifestyle news from the Style, Travel and Food sections delivered to your inbox.

A version of this article appears in print on April 26, 2015, on page TR4 of the New York edition with the headline: Russia’s Troubles Have a Flip Side. Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe