Please briefly summarize this news article:

Journalists at Risk: Considering the Perils and Value of War Reporting

Teaching ideas based on New York Times content.

Overview | Why have journalists throughout history risked death to bring us living history? What stories are worth risking one’s life for? In this lesson, students perform monologues excerpted from first-person accounts by New York Times journalists who have experienced perilous situations in their pursuit of news. They then analyze photographs taken by photojournalists covering war and other dangers, and discuss why some journalists risk danger and whether the value of what they report is worth that risk.

Materials | Computer with Internet access and projector or copies of selected images; copies of the handout In Their Own Words: New York Times War Reporters’ Stories (PDF).

Note to Teacher | This lesson involves articles with harrowing content. Please preview the materials in the activities that follow before using them with your class. You may wish to substitute the editorial “A Dangerous Pursuit” for the main article used in the lesson, which contains less graphic content.

Warm-Up | Before or at the start of class, ask for four volunteers to read aloud the stories of Times journalists who have confronted danger in the line of duty. The stories are collected on the sheet In Their Own Words: New York Times War Reporters’ Stories (PDF). Note that these pieces are excerpts from articles written by the journalists themselves.

Give each volunteer one story to read aloud as if performing a monologue. At the beginning of class, have each “journalist” stand in front of the room and deliver “their” stories.

Once they have finished reading, invite the entire class to share their reactions, thoughts or feelings upon hearing these stories.

If students have questions about the situations these journalists were covering, follow the article links to share more about the background:

“7 Months, 10 Days in Captivity” by David Rohde.

“The Reporter’s Account: 4 Days With the Taliban” by Stephen Farrell.

“Reporting While Female” by Sabrina Tavernise.

“Unhurt by Two Mines, but Not Untouched” by Damon Winter.

Follow this reflection by discussing some or all of these questions: Why do you think these reporters put themselves in harm’s way to report? What do we learn from reporters covering wars and other dangerous situations that we might not otherwise learn? How has our worldview and understanding of international events been altered by some of the stories they have told? Do you think the risks they took were worth it? Would you risk your own safety or life to report a news story?

Related | In “4 Times Journalists Held Captive in Libya Faced Days of Brutality,” the New York Times journalists Anthony Shadid, Lynsey Addario, Stephen Farrell and Tyler Hicks describe the time they spent in captivity in Libya. Here, they contemplate their role in the disappearance of their driver, Mohammed:

From the pickup, Lynsey saw a body outstretched next to our car, one arm outstretched. We still don’t know whether that was Mohammed. We fear it was, though his body has yet to be found.

If he died, we will have to bear the burden for the rest of our lives that an innocent man died because of us, because of wrong choices that we made, for an article that was never worth dying for.

No article is, but we were too blind to admit that.

Read the entire article with your class, using the questions below.

Questions | For discussion and reading comprehension:

Activity | Tell students that they will now work in small groups to analyze photographs published in The Times that were taken in dangerous or otherwise difficult situations.

If you wish, model the analysis process by leading whole-group discussion of a single image before having them work in groups, like Image 4 in a slide show of 10 images taken by Tyler Hicks while covering the war in Afghanistan in 2008.

Split the class into pairs or small groups, and give each group one image, all from the Lens blog, to analyze. There are many to choose from; below are some suggestions. You might also provide the captions as well as more information from the accompanying posts.

To find others, we suggest exploring the Lens and At War blogs, the Multimedia and Photo archive and the World section. Other good sources of photographs are the collections organized under photojournalists’ Times Topics pages, like those for Tyler Hicks, Lynsey Addario and Damon Winter, as well as special features and series like “A Year at War.”

Image 2 in the post “At a Deadly, Shifting Front in Libya,” taken by Lynsey Addario in 2011.

Image 2 in the post “In the Thick of Libya’s Brutal Fighting,” taken by Tyler Hicks in 2011.

Image 5 in the post Even the Middle Ground is Perilous in Cairo,” taken by Ed Ou in 2011.

Image 1 in the post “Unhurt by Two Mines, but Not Touched,” taken by Damon Winter in 2010.

Image 5 in the post On Assignment: Katrina Many Times Over,” taken by Michael Appleton in Haiti in 2010.

Images 11 and 13 in the post “‘It’s the Photographer,’” taken by Joao Silva in 2010.

The photograph of the soldier in the pink boxer shorts, taken by David Guttenfelder of The Associated Press in Afghanistan 2009.

Groups should discuss the following questions:

In discussing these questions, circulate to help students understand the kinds of things reporters and photojournalists have to go through to get their stories and photos – navigating language barriers and finding translators, hiring drivers, locating and interviewing or photographing sources, negotiating with soldiers and fighters, and so on. And then, of course, there are the issues of safety and danger.

When students are ready to share and discuss their photograph with their classmates, reconvene the class. Have each group show the rest of the class the photograph they examined and share highlights of their analysis, as well as invite others to volunteer their observations and ideas.

After all groups have shared, discuss what similarities and differences they noticed among all of the photographs they examined. Ask: What if the public never had the chance to see any of these images and others like them? How would our understanding of world events be affected if journalists were not willing to face personal peril or emotional difficulty to cover news events? What has the world gained through the work of these reporters? Is it worth the risk? Why or why not? Might it be worthwhile in some situations and not in others?

Going Further | Each student “adopts” a war correspondent or other journalist to study more closely. They should look at their journalist’s body of work and any personal stories about the perils they have faced to get their stories.

You might have the class choose from a list of journalists from around the world and throughout history, from various news organizations. Wikipedia’s page on war correspondents might be useful as you formulate your list.

Include teams of journalists, like Laura Ling and Euna Lee, and war photojournalists throughout history.

Topics should include war and other military engagements, harrowing stories like the aftermath of the earthquake in Haiti and the tsunami in Japan and dangerous situations like the protests in Egypt in early 2011.

Resources include the Newseum’s War Stories feature and the Telegraph article “Women War Correspondents.”

They should research how the reporter(s) got the story and the risks he, she or they took to obtain it. Students should be prepared to tell this story in class and share whether or not, given the subject and its significance, those risks were worth taking.

Journalism students might consider how to “localize” international news for their own school newspaper, as students in Rockville, Md., have done.

Standards | This lesson is correlated to McREL’s national standards (it can also be aligned to the new Common Core State Standards):

Language Arts 1. Uses the general skills and strategies of the writing process. 4. Gathers and uses information for research purposes. 5. Uses the general skills and strategies of the reading process. 7. Uses general skills and strategies to understand a variety of informational texts. 8. Uses listening and speaking strategies for different purposes.

Arts and Communication 1. Understands the principles, processes and products associated with arts and communication media. 3. Uses critical and creative thinking in various arts and communication settings. 4. Understands ways in which the human experience is transmitted and reflected in the arts and communication.

Life Skills: Working With Others 1. Contributes to the overall effort of a group. 4. Displays effective interpersonal communication skills.

World History 44. Understands the search for community, stability and peace in an interdependent world.

Geography 6. Understands that culture and experience influence people’s perceptions of places and regions. 10. Understands the nature and complexity of Earth’s cultural mosaics. 13. Understands the forces of cooperation and conflict that shape the divisions of the earth’s surface.

Behavioral Studies 1. Understands that group and cultural influences contribute to human development, identity and behavior.

Summary: