Write highlights for this article:

The City of London has postponed its plan to issue the St Paul's anti-capitalist protesters with legal notices requiring them to leave their tent city. The City of London Corporation confirmed it had suspended legal action against demonstrators until the morning, when the situation will be reviewed. A spokesman said: 'We have not handed them (the protesters) a letter this afternoon.' Earlier a spokesman for St Paul's said the cathedral was not taking joint action with the City of London Corporation. Men (and women) at work: Protesters on the steps of St Paul's unfurled a banner on the steps of St Paul's Cathedral painting their action as essential improvements. Reprieve: Protesters were due to be served with legal notices today by the City of London Corporation, but it is now scheduled to happen in the morning. 'Members of Chapter met yesterday following the resignation of the Dean and are due to meet with the Bishop of London today,' the spokesman said. 'The Chapter have not yet sought an injunction, nor are they serving notices on the protesters today. 'They are committed to a peaceful resolution at all costs.' There were fears today that a split among senior Church of England figures on how to deal with the protest could lead to the camp remaining on the steps of St Paul's during next year's Olympic Games and the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations. Concerns that legal action could lead to violent evictions has led to the Church's liberal wing - led by Archbishop Rowan Williams - to oppose moves to support the City of London Corporation's plans. The split could mean that some protesters would be moved from the City's land but could be allowed to remain in the shadow of St Paul's indefinitely. Authorities were given a possible foretaste of any eviction they may be forced to carry out in the early hours of this morning when police arrested 12 protesters outside Parliament Square. They were among a group of up to 200 demonstrators who are opposed plans to criminalise the act of squatting homes and other building. A protester lies before three policemen in Parliament Square during the demonstration against plans to criminalise squatting. Last night the Archbishop of Canterbury broke his silence on the protesters camped outside St Paul's Cathedral, saying he sympathised with the 'urgent larger issues' they raised. In a sign of the panic within the Church of England high command since the arrival of the activists, Dr Rowan Williams intervened yesterday after the dean of the cathedral became the third member of staff to resign. Indicating his support for the anti-capitalists' aims, the Archbishop said: 'The urgent larger issues raised by the protesters at St Paul's remain very much on the table. Archbishop: Dr Rowan Williams has kept his counsel since the protest began but, after the resignation of Dean of St Paul's Cathedral, Graeme Knowles, he has spoken and backed the demonstrators. 'We need – as a Church and as society as a whole – to work to make sure that they are properly addressed.' The Archbishop's intervention was sparked by the resignation yesterday of the Dean of St Paul's, the Right Reverend Graeme Knowles. The dean caused controversy when he closed the historic building's doors last month for the first time since the Second World War, citing 'health and safety concerns' over the tents. The cathedral reopened last week but the dean said yesterday his position had become 'untenable' amid the ongoing row. The Archbishop's endorsement of the right of the protesters to campaign showed just how confused the Church of England remains in its response to the encampment on its doorstep. His remarks came as the Bishop of London, Richard Chartres, confirmed yesterday that legal efforts to persuade the activists to leave have begun. Stepping down: The Dean of St Paul's, the Rt Rev Graeme Knowles, pictured yesterday speaking to demonstrators camped outside the Cathedral, has resigned. 'Untenable': Rt Rev Knowles became the second of the cathedral's senior clergy to resign in less than a week. Trouble brewing: The Bishop of London (centre) and a protestor in the tea tent yesterday. The bishop stressed that cathedral officials did not want a violent eviction. The. dean's departure followed Canon Chancellor of St Paul's, Giles Fraser –. who had told police to leave the activists alone after their arrival on. October 15 – and part-time chaplain Fraser Dyer. The Occupy London protesters were showing no signs of leaving despite the cathedral's requests. Dr Williams said the dean's departure was 'very sad news'. He. added: 'The events of the last couple of weeks have shown very clearly. how decisions made in good faith by good people under unusual pressure. can have utterly unforeseen and unwelcome consequences, and the clergy. of St Paul's deserve our understanding. Graeme Knowles will be much. missed.' 'Move beyond slogans': The Bishop of London has criticised demonstrators' methods. An unlikely crowd: A demonstrator directs questions to Rt Rev Knowles (second from right), and the Bishop of London, Richard Chartres (right) at the weekend. Crowd: The bishop and dean addressed a crowd of hundreds by the steps of St Paul's. Yesterday a. significant protester splinter group refused even to support the. cathedral's requests for drink, drugs and loud music to be banned from. the protest camp. They. appeared largely bemused by the resignation of the dean – which he had. to yesterday submit to the Queen, since his job is a crown appointment. Their. reluctance to leave was indicated by placards saying 'Hell no we won't. go' and 'Jesus did not quit – he drove the money lenders from the. temple'. The Government is considering whether the law needs to be tightened to deal with protests such as that being held outside St Paul's Cathedral. Justice minister Nick Herbert said everyone had a right to 'make their views known'. But he insisted it was not right to 'disrupt the life of the community' by setting up encampments. 'Everybody agrees there should be a right of peaceful protest in our country,' Mr Herbert told the BBC's Politics Show. 'People have an entitlement to make their view known. It's fundamental to our democracy and the coalition is committed to protect that. 'But we saw - for instance in Parliament Square, where there was a permanent encampment which had gone on for years there and was very disruptive to the enjoyment of Parliament Square by others. 'You cannot protest peacefully at Parliament Square because it is closed off to others. We are taking action to deal with that. 'And if necessary we will take action to deal with other invasions of private property that involved permanent encampments.' He went on: 'We want to protect peaceful protest. We do not think that it's right to disrupt the life of the community, and trespass, and permanently to set up and live somewhere - just as travellers do - which invades private property.' In a statement Mr. Knowles, the dean for four years, said: 'Since the arrival of the. protesters' camp outside the cathedral, we have all been put under a. great deal of strain and have faced what would appear to be some. insurmountable issues. 'It. has become increasingly clear to me that, as criticism of the cathedral. has mounted in the press, media and in public opinion, my position as. dean of St Paul's was becoming untenable. 'In. order to give the opportunity for a fresh approach to the complex and. vital questions facing St Paul's, I have thought it best to stand down. as dean, to allow new leadership to be exercised.' St. Paul's spokesman the Right Reverend Michael Colclough said: 'We are. committed to doing all we can to find a way ahead that ensures the main. message of the protest is not only heard but properly attended to, and. in such a way that people in the local community, as well as our own. team, can do their work peacefully for the good of everyone.' The. Bishop of London explained that due to the 'great mystery' of the. Church of England's organisation, the cathedral made its own decisions. without control from him. But he said St Paul's officials had asked him. to help out in the protesters' row. He. went on: 'There are many diverse voices in the camp outside St Paul's,. but among them, serious issues are being articulated which the cathedral. has always sought to address.' The. bishop stressed that all in the church wanted a peaceful resolution,. but added said that any responsible organisation had to investigate its. legal powers. Outside, the. camp still numbers about 200 tents – but barely 50 protesters attended a. meeting yesterday afternoon to decide tactics. About. a quarter of those present indicated that they were reluctant to accept. basic requests from the cathedral for drink and drugs to be barred from. the site and the camp to be kept tidy. In. a statement, the group, whose official name is Occupy London Stock. Exchange, said: 'The management of St Paul's Cathedral is obviously. deeply divided over the position they have taken in response to our. cause – but our cause has never been directed at the staff of the. cathedral.' The real issue was 'challenging the unsustainable financial system that punishes the many and privileges the few', it added.

Highlights: