Context: Ladybird Hill -- The Hills' thirteen-year-old purebred Georgia Bloodhound named after the First Lady of the United States Lady Bird Johnson. It's said that her mother helped track down James Earl Ray, as revealed by Hank in episode 7 of season 1 titled "Westie Side Story". Her companionship temporarily relieved Hank's stress (and narrow urethra), allowing him to impregnate Peggy. Later on in the series Ladybird would become deaf and despite much effort on Hank's part, would never bear puppies because of her narrow uterus. Col. Cotton Lyndal Hill (voiced by Toby Huss) -- Hank's cantankerous father, with a hair-trigger temper. Despite his many shortcomings, he occasionally showed a softer side, for example in the episode "Cotton's Plot" where he helped Peggy learn to walk again after her parachuting accident. His shins were blown off in World War II by a "Japan man's machine gun" and his feet were reattached to his knees, resulting in a short height and stilted gait. Despite his disability, he eventually reached the rank of colonel in the state militia. After Cotton and his first wife Tillie, Hank's mother, divorced, he married a much younger, soft-spoken, busty blonde candy striper named Didi who gave birth to his youngest son "G.H." ("Good Hank"). He was immensely proud of his military service. Though his claim of fighting "nazzies" (Nazis) was proven false and his claim of killing "fitty (fifty) men" was dubious, his participation in several of the bloodiest battles in the Pacific Theater was confirmed and his uniform was shown to be decorated with the Medal of Honor and the Purple Heart. Cotton himself died in episode # 1218, "Death Picks Cotton", after suffering severe burns and an allergic reaction to shrimp during a flashback at a Japanese restaurant. Didi Hill (voiced by Ashley Gardner) -- Didi is Cotton's second wife and a candy striper after she retired from being an exotic dancer. She has breast implants and suffers from postpartum depression following the birth of Cotton's third son "G.H." She is generally depicted as docile and unintelligent, although she is a certified optometry assistant. She was absent at the time of Cotton's death and was only seen once more, where she says she is engaged and will remarry. Didi was a classmate of Hank's in Kindergarten (indicating they are the same age). Good Hank Jeffrey "G.H." Hill -- G.H. is Cotton's and Didi's infant son, and the younger of Hank's two half-brothers. G.H. is an abbreviation for "Good Hank," implying that the original Hank was unsatisfactory to his father. Cotton treats G.H. much better than Hank presumably because Cotton sees him as being his second chance of being a better father than he was for Hank. G.H. was key at a time when Hank had to convince Cotton not to end his life as well as to permit Hank to give his father money for the baby's sake (and as payback for the years Cotton raised him). G.H. was absent at the time of his father's death, and is not seen throughout the rest of the series, although it is presumed he is living with his mother and stepfather. Matilda "Tillie" Mae Hill Garrison (voiced by Tammy Wynette in 1997 -- 1998, Beth Grant in 1999, and K Callan in 2000 -- 2009) -- Tillie is Cotton's first wife and Hank's mother. She divorced Cotton after suffering years of verbal abuse. Tillie is a kind woman who collects miniatures because they made her happy during Cotton's abuse. Hank is often over-protective of her, fearing she is too old and fragile to go out and do things on her own. Tillie lives in Arizona with her husband Chuck, having formerly lived with her Jewish boyfriend Gary (voiced by Carl Reiner). Tillie's legal name varies during the series. She is listed as "Tillie" on Hank's birth certificate, but is addressed as Matilda by the clergyman during her wedding to Chuck. Elroy "Lucky" Kleinschmidt (voiced by Tom Petty) -- Lucky is Luanne's itinerant, but generally benign redneck husband, and is the father of Luanne's child. It is often hard for Lucky to hold down a job (he has no credit or Social Security number). He lives on the remainder of the $53,000 "settlement monies" he received after "slipping on pee-pee at the Costco" having had a portion of his spine fused. He was nicknamed "Lucky" after the settlement windfall. After he spent a majority of his money customizing his truck, his finances dwindled down to nine thousand dollars but regained another $53,000 when an ambulance chasing lawyer paid off Lucky to avoid a lawsuit. Peggy tried very hard to break him and Luanne apart, but after Luanne's pregnancy was revealed, she and Hank reconciled the two, giving them a shotgun wedding at Lucky's request. He is also one of the guitarists for John Redcorn's band "Big Mountain Fudgecake". Although dimwitted in some aspects, Lucky has learned some facets such as basic math through life experience as opposed to formal education, and was astute enough to deduce that his father-in-law spent time in jail whereas Luanne believed the story that he works on an oil rig. He yearned to receive his GED but only to prove he was good enough to marry Luanne. Gracie Margaret Kleinschmidt -- Daughter of Lucky and Luanne. She was born in the season 13 episode "Lucky See, Monkey Do". Luanne originally wanted to name her Lasagna (stating that lasagna was their favorite food) while under the influence of hospital analgesics, but choosing a more conventional name after she had recovered. Myrna Kleinschmidt (voiced by Paget Brewster) -- Myrna is Lucky's sister, Luanne's sister-in-law, Gracie's aunt, and the main antagonist in "Lucky See, Monkey Do". She is an intelligent, modern mother who only appears in the episode "Lucky See, Monkey Do". She has two children, one son and one daughter (Gracie's paternal first cousins) and raises them in strict accordance with contemporary parenting practices, something which leads her into a rivalry with Peggy, whose parenting skills are from older schools of thought, over how to assist Luanne as her pregnancy due date approaches. When Luanne goes into labor, Myrna commandeers the situation and insists that Luanne have a natural, drug-free water birth, but under Hank's encouragement to think for themselves about how to raise their child, Luanne and Lucky opt for a hospital birth instead. Leanne Platter (voiced by Pamela Adlon) -- Leanne, Luanne's violent alcoholic mother, was imprisoned for "second-degree assaulting" her husband in the back with a fork. Though she is often mentioned during the course of the series, she appears only in the episode "Leanne's Saga," visiting Luanne in Arlen after her release from prison and briefly being courted by Bill Dauterive. Hoyt Platter (voiced by Johnny Knoxville) -- Hoyt is Luanne's father, Peggy's twin brother and Leanne's ex-husband. Despite Luanne's beliefs, he never worked on an oil rig, but was in jail for most of Luanne's life, with the oil rig story acting as a cover so Luanne would n't know her father was a convict. He appears in only one episode: "Life: A Loser's Manual". After being released from jail, Hoyt commits a robbery and tricks Lucky into taking the blame, but he eventually confesses and is sentenced to life in prison under a three-strikes law. The episode "Leanne's Saga" reveals that Hoyt was planning on marrying a pharmacist girl before Leanne, then working as a stripper, entertained at his bachelor party. Maddy Platter (voiced by Joanna Gleason) -- Maddy Platter is Peggy's and Hoyt's mother and Bobby's and Luanne's grandmother. Mother Platter lives in Montana with her son Hoyt. She is an old-fashioned, tough-as-nails rancher type and loathes Peggy for deserting the family ranch and not marrying a local neighbor boy. Strangely, earlier episode flashbacks feature a totally different "Peggy's mother" character, who is essentially an older version of Peggy-it is not made clear if one is her real mother and one is her stepmother, or if the "Maddy" mother character retconned the older version completely. Doc Platter -- Doc is Peggy's father. He makes only a single major appearance when Peggy, Bobby and Hank visit the family ranch. He seems to be going somewhat senile and preachy, which Hank misinterprets as old-fashion Western-style wisdom. Junichiro (voiced by David Carradine) -- Junichiro is Hank's elder half-Japanese half-brother who has lived in Japan all his life. Hank and Junichiro have the same father, due to Cotton's affair with a Japanese nurse during his war days, and share many similarities in appearance and mannerisms (this in spite of the fact that Hank actually shares more of his mother's features); one of these is that when he is shocked, like Hank, he yells "BWAH!" Like Hank, Junichiro also has a narrow urethra and is an assistant manager at the company for which he works, making robots and robot accessories. Dusty Hill (Himself) -- The bassist / vocalist for the band ZZ Top and Hank's cousin. In the episode "Hank Gets Dusted," Cotton gives his prized Cadillac to Dusty without allowing Hank a chance to buy it. Dusty enters the car in a demolition derby in which it is badly damaged. Hank and Dusty make their peace after Dusty has the car repaired and installed at the Cadillac Ranch.

Question: who played lucky on king of the hill?
Steam of consciousness below:
