Question: Information:  - The monthly Chess Life and bi-monthly Chess Life for Kids (formerly School Mates) are the official magazines published by the United States Chess Federation (US Chess). "Chess Life" is advertized as the "most widely read chess magazine in the world," and reaches more than a quarter of a million readers each month. It focuses on American chess players and tournaments, instruction, human interest, and US Chess governance matters. "Chess Life for Kids" is geared towards those under 14. A subscription to "Chess Life" and "Chess Life for Kids" is currently one benefit of becoming a US Chess member or affiliate. All members are given access to the online versions of "Chess Life" and "Chess Life for Kids" (including back issues). Affiliates and some membership categories also receive printed copies of "Chess Life" and/or "Chess Life for Kids".  - The Julia Reynolds Masterman Laboratory and Demonstration School is a middle and secondary school located in Philadelphia. It is a magnet school, located in the Spring Garden neighborhood. Prior to 1958 the school building was used by the Philadelphia High School for Girls and the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places under that name in 1986.  - A chessboard is the type of checkerboard used in the classic board game chess, and consists of 64 squares (eight rows and eight columns) and 32 pieces. The squares are arranged in two alternating colors (light and dark). Wooden boards may use naturally light and dark brown woods, while plastic and vinyl boards often use brown or green for the dark squares and shades such as buff or cream for the light squares. Materials vary widely; while wooden boards are generally used in high-level games; vinyl, plastic, and cardboard are common for low-level and informal play. Decorative glass and marble boards are available but rarely accepted for games rated by national or international chess federations. Each square on the board has a name from a1 to h8.  - A board game is a tabletop game that involves counters or moved or placed on a pre-marked surface or "board", according to a set of rules. Some games are based on pure strategy, but many contain an element of chance; and some are purely chance, with no element of skill.  - Gregory Shahade ( born December 22 , 1978 ) is an International Master of chess . He founded the New York Masters and the U.S. Chess League . He is a former member of the Executive Board of the United States Chess Federation , to which his younger sister Jennifer Shahade was hired as the executive editor - in - chief of the website . Greg had a distinguished scholastic career , highlighted by three national championships : tying for first in the 1993 National Junior High School Championship and the 1996 National High School Championship , and winning the 1996 United States Junior Open outright . He was the leading scorer for Julia R. Masterman School in 1996 , when they won their first of four National High School Chess Championships . He won the prestigious Samford Fellowship , awarded by the U.S. Chess Trust to the top U.S. prospect under the age of 25 , in 1999 . The fellowship granted Shahade approximately $ 25,000 to train for and play in top tournaments . He was also renewed for it in 2000 and subsequently scored his first ( and so far only ) Grandmaster norm at the Bermuda Closed in January , 2001 . Since 2006 , he has held 30 sessions of the US Chess School , where the nation 's top young chess talents are invited to train under the instruction of various Grandmasters . More recently , he is the founder and Commissioner of the U.S. Chess League . His father is FIDE Master Michael Shahade and his mother was Drexel University Chemistry Professor and author , Sally Solomon . His sister is Jennifer Shahade , a Woman Grandmaster ( `` WGM '' ) . Recently , starting in October 2007 , Shahade has been making entertaining and instructive videos at ChessVideos.tv . He has been a professional poker player in the past but now considers himself a full - time chess professional .  - A capital city (or simply capital) is the municipality exercising primary status in a country, state, province, or other region, usually as its seat of government. A capital is typically a city that physically encompasses the offices and meeting places of its respective government; the status as capital is often designated by its law or constitution. In some jurisdictions, including several countries, the different branches of government are located in different settlements. In some cases, a distinction is made between the official (constitutional) capital and the seat of government, which is in another place.  - Chess is a two-player strategy board game played on a chessboard, a checkered gameboard with 64 squares arranged in an eight-by-eight grid. Chess is played by millions of people worldwide, both amateurs and professionals.  - The United States Chess Federation (US Chess or USCF) is the governing body for chess competition in the United States and represents the U.S. in FIDE, the World Chess Federation. USCF administers the official national rating system, awards national titles, sanctions over twenty national championships annually, and publishes two magazines: "Chess Life" and "Chess Life for Kids". USCF was founded and incorporated in Illinois in 1939, from the merger of two older chess organizations. It is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Crossville, Tennessee. Its membership is over 85,000.  - Illinois is a state in the midwestern region of the United States, achieving statehood in 1818. It is the 5th most populous state and 25th largest state in terms of land area, and is often noted as a microcosm of the entire country. The word "Illinois" comes from the Algonquin word for "tribe of superior men". With Chicago in the northeast, small industrial cities and great agricultural productivity in central and northern Illinois, and natural resources like coal, timber, and petroleum in the south, Illinois has a diverse economic base and is a major transportation hub. The Port of Chicago connects the state to other global ports from the Great Lakes, via the Saint Lawrence Seaway, to the Atlantic Ocean, as well as the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River, via the Illinois River. For decades, O'Hare International Airport has been ranked as one of the world's busiest airports. Illinois has long had a reputation as a bellwether both in social and cultural terms and politics.  - Nova Scotia (Latin for "New Scotland"; French: "Nouvelle-Écosse") is one of Canada's three Maritime provinces, and one of the four provinces which form Atlantic Canada. Its provincial capital is Halifax. Nova Scotia is Canada's second-smallest province, with an area of , including Cape Breton and another 3,800 coastal islands. As of 2011, the population was 921,727, making Nova Scotia the second most-densely populated province in Canada with almost .  - San Juan ("Saint John") is the capital and most populous municipality in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, an unincorporated territory of the United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 395,326 making it the 46th-largest city under the jurisdiction of the United States. San Juan was founded by Spanish colonists in 1521, who called it "Ciudad de Puerto Rico" ("Rich Port City"). Puerto Rico's capital is the second oldest European-established capital city in the Americas, after Santo Domingo, in the Dominican Republic. Several historical buildings are located in San Juan; among the most notable are the city's former defensive forts, Fort San Felipe del Morro and Fort San Cristóbal, and La Fortaleza, the oldest executive mansion in continuous use in the Americas.  - Jennifer Shahade (born December 31, 1980) is a United States chess player, poker player, commentator and writer. She is a two-time United States Women's Champion and has the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster. Jennifer is the author of the books 'Chess Bitch' and 'Play Like a Girl' and co-author of 'Marcel Duchamp: The Art of Chess.' She is also the online editor at uschess.org, MindSports Ambassador for PokerStars and a board member of the World Chess Hall of Fame in Saint Louis.   - Bermuda is a British Overseas Territory in the North Atlantic Ocean. It is approximately east-southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina; south of Cape Sable Island, Nova Scotia; and north of San Juan, Puerto Rico. The capital city is Hamilton. Bermuda is an associate member of CARICOM.  - The National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) is the United States federal government's official list of districts, sites, buildings, structures, and objects deemed worthy of preservation. A property listed in the National Register, or located within a National Register Historic District, may qualify for tax incentives derived from the total value of expenses incurred preserving the property.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'greg shahade' exhibits the relationship of 'occupation'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - ambassador  - author  - canada  - chess player  - editor  - game  - major  - member  - official  - poker player  - prior  - saint  - writer
Answer: