Article:

Article Tools Font size – + Share This 
  
 HUGHES Chaniya Morrison-Toomey Via Facebook 
  
 Lights illuminate Brooke Miranda Hughes’ face as the Scranton teen holds up her cellphone while driving along Interstate 380 near Tobyhanna shortly after midnight Tuesday. 
  
 She is broadcasting a live Facebook video. 
  
 “Are you going live?” asks her passenger, Dunmore teen Chaniya Morrison-Toomey. 
  
 Before Ms. Hughes can answer, more lights flash inside the car, followed by the sounds of screeching tires. 
  
 Then blackness. 
  
 The live feed captured the last moments before a tractor-trailer plowed into the back of her car. 
  
 Ms. Hughes, 18, and Ms. Morrison-Toomey, 19, were declared dead at the scene. 
  
 State police investigators said the teens were traveling very slowly in the right lane of I-380 southbound. 
  
 The teens were driving with a spare tire doughnut, said Pennsylvania State Trooper Dave Peters, the spokesman for Troop N. State police had initially reported the teens were driving with a flat tire, but it’s unclear if that is true. The fiery wreck badly damaged the car, making it difficult to determine its condition beforehand, Trooper Peters said. 
  
 The driver of the truck, Michael Jay Parks of Tobyhanna, was not hurt. It’s too early in the investigation to know if police will charge him with a crime. 
  
 A friend of both teens, Samantha Piasecki, 17, of Scranton, said she rode in that car with Ms. Hughes and Ms. Morrison-Toomey Monday night. 
  
 “They were both down-to-Earth people,” she said of her friends. “They had good personalities. They had smiles that could light up dark rooms. Anytime you were with them it was always fun.” 
  
 Ms. Hughes asked Ms. Piasecki to come with them, she said, but Ms. Piasecki asked to be dropped at her mother’s home in Scranton. 
  
 She was thankful, she said, that she got out of the car, “but I feel like if I went, I could have stopped it somehow.” 
  
 At about 3 a.m., she watched the video. 
  
 “It broke me,” Ms. Piasecki said. 
  
 The video has been viewed more than 7,000 times. 
  
 It was posted to Ms. Hughes’ profile page, but not by her. 
  
 The video goes dark for seven minutes before someone picks it up again. At the end of the eight-minute video, a man is heard speaking and a blurry but bearded face can be seen before the video ends. After a Facebook Live video is broadcast, someone must push a button on the phone to post it to the web. 
  
 State police will use the video in their investigation, Trooper Dave Peters said. 
  
 The video will not be removed because it does not violate Facebook’s rules. 
  
 “People watching Live video can report potential violations of our Community Standards, and we will take the appropriate action,” said Andrea Saul, a Facebook spokeswoman. “We also encourage people to contact law enforcement if they see a Live stream in which someone is in danger.” 
  
 According to its Community Standards, Facebook marks as disturbing any videos that show the violent death of a human by accident, murder or suicide. The content is not accessible to users under 18, a warning screen is added and auto-play is disabled. 
  
 Ms. Hughes was a student at West Scranton High School, a spokesman for the school district confirmed. Grief counselors attended to students at the school Tuesday and Wednesday, he said. 
  
 The Monroe County Coroner’s Office conducted autopsies on the teens Wednesday. 
  
 Because the car burned, investigators could not visually identify the teens. Assistant Chief Deputy Coroner Michael Sak, who conducted the autopsy, could not be reached Wednesday. 
  
 Anyone with information on the fatal crash should call the State Police barracks in Swiftwater at 570-839-7701. 
  
 Contact the writer: pcameron@timesshamrock.com, @pcameronTT on Twitter 
  
 Friends and family of Chaniya Morrison-Toomey have started a fundraising website to pay the teen’s funeral expenses. To donate, go to www.gofundme.com and search for Chaniya Toomey. The title of the fundraiser is “For our beloved angel.” Her employer, the KFC on North Keyser Avenue in Scranton, is also accepting donations for the funeral. ||||| Article Tools Font size – + Share This 
  
 Chaniya Morrison-Toomey Via Facebook Brooke Miranda Hughes via Facebook 
  
 Two Lackawanna County teens died in a fiery Monroe County car crash early Tuesday morning. 
  
 State police identified the victims as driver Brooke Miranda Hughes, 18, of Scranton, and passenger Chaniya Morrison-Toomey, 19, of Dunmore. 
  
 The teens were video broadcasting themselves live online on Facebook during the crash. Investigators from the state police will use the video in their investigation, Trooper Dave Peters said. The video has been removed from the site or is in the process of being removed, he said. 
  
 Just after midnight, the two were traveling slowly in a Suzuki Forenza compact car southbound in the right lane of Interstate 380 near Tobyhanna because of a flat tire, state police said. 
  
 A tractor-trailer traveling behind them was unable to stop and plowed into the car, forcing it into the guardrail on the right side of the highway. 
  
 The speed limit on that stretch of highway is 70 mph. It is not known how fast the truck was traveling. 
  
 The truck continued past the vehicle before stopping on the right shoulder. 
  
 The teens’ car came to rest in the right lane and burst into flames, state police said. The Monroe County coroner declared both occupants dead at the scene. 
  
 Because of the fire, the bodies cannot be visually identified, Monroe County Coroner Robert Allen said. The coroner’s office will confirm the teens’ identifications with DNA after an autopsy scheduled for today. 
  
 It’s unclear how state police identified the teens. 
  
 Ms. Hughes worked at Long John Silver’s near the Viewmont Mall and was trying to earn a high school degree through cyber school, said Maryann Vidra, a friend who used to live in the North Scranton housing project Bangor Heights with Ms. Hughes. 
  
 “She had a heart of gold,” said Ms. Vidra, 32, who now lives in Indianapolis. “She saw the good in everybody. She gave everybody the benefit of the doubt. I saw the true Brooke. She carried a lot of pain with her. She was a genuine person.” 
  
 Ms. Vidra said she watched the online video of the crash, but “wished I didn’t.” 
  
 “I (saw) light, and then I heard the crash,” she said, before becoming upset and unable to discuss the video any further. 
  
 Ms. Morrison-Toomey twice worked at the KFC restaurant on North Keyser Avenue, first a few years ago and recently returned to the job, coworkers said. 
  
 Employees there worked with heavy hearts Tuesday night. Ms. Morrison-Toomey was a hard worker who always showed up on time, said Donnie Chavis, a shift supervisor at the restaurant. Among coworkers, she was a jokester and a vibrant presence, Mr. Chavis said. She had been at the store Monday night and was scheduled work Tuesday morning, he said. 
  
 Coworker Troy Smith described Ms. Morrison-Toomey as a people person who got along with everyone, employee and customer alike. 
  
 “She was a good friend to everybody and it hurt everybody when we found out,” Mr. Smith said. 
  
 Ms. Morrison-Toomey attended schools in the Old Forge School District for several years before transferring out, Superintendent John Rushefski said. The video greatly distressed one district student Tuesday who watched it, he added, and a guidance counselor checked on classes to see if it affected others. 
  
 The driver of the truck, Michael Jay Parks of Tobyhanna, was not hurt. It’s too early in the investigation to know if police will charge him, Trooper Peters said. 
  
 State police worked on a crash reconstruction Tuesday. Anyone with information should call the State Police barracks in Swiftwater at 570-839-7701. 
  
 Contact the writer: pcameron@timesshamrock.com, @pcameronTT on Twitter ||||| COOLBAUGH TWP., Pa. - Two women were killed when their slow-moving car with a flat tire was struck by a tractor trailer. 
  
 The accident happened just after midnight Tuesday in the southbound lanes of Interstate 380 in Coolbaugh Township, Monroe County. 
  
 Brooke Hughes, 18, of Scranton, and her passenger, Chaniya Morrison-Toomey, 19, of Dunmore, were traveling at a slow speed in the right lane because of the flat tire, according to Pennsylvania State Police. 
  
 69 News Brooke Hughes and Chaniya Morrison-Toomey 
  
 69 News Brooke Hughes and Chaniya Morrison-Toomey 
  
 A tractor trailer behind them was unable to stop and hit the back of the women's Suzuki Forenza, police said. 
  
 The car then slammed into the guardrail before it came to a rest in the right lane and burst into flames. 
  
 The tractor trailer, driven by Michael Parks, of Tobyhanna, came to a stop on the shoulder of the road, according to state police. 
  
 The two women died at the scene; Parks was not injured. 
  
 The southbound lanes of I-380 were closed for several hours as they worked to clear the scene. The highway reopened just before 6 a.m. 
  
 Anyone who saw the vehicles prior to the wreck or has any other information about the accident is asked to contact Pennsylvania State Police Swiftwater at 570-839-7701. |||||
What is a summary?