Here is a news article: Goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended from the U.S. women's national team for 30 days and won't participate in matches next month in Europe. 
  
 In a photo provided by the Manhattan Beach, Calif., Police Department, Jerramy Stevens appears in a booking photo. Stevens, a former Seattle Seahawks tight end and the husband of U.S. soccer goalkeeper... (Associated Press) 
  
 FILE - In this Oct. 20, 2013, file photo, United States goalkeeper Hope Solo pauses on the field during the second half of an international friendly women's soccer match against Australia in San Antonio.... (Associated Press) 
  
 U.S. Soccer did not specify the reason for the suspension, announced Wednesday night. It comes after the arrest of her husband, former Seattle Seahawks tight end Jerramy Stevens, earlier this week on suspicion of driving under the influence. 
  
 Solo was in the car when Stevens was pulled over in Manhattan Beach, California, about 1:30 a.m. Monday for driving without headlights. Solo was not arrested or detained. 
  
 It is the latest off-field trouble for Solo. Earlier this month, a judge dismissed two misdemeanor counts of domestic violence against her. 
  
 The 33-year-old goalkeeper was in Southern California for training camp with the U.S. national team, which is preparing to play in the World Cup starting in June. 
  
 "During our current national team camp, Hope made a poor decision that has resulted in a negative impact on U.S. Soccer and her teammates," coach Jill Ellis said in a statement. "We feel at this time it is best for her to step away from the team." 
  
 Solo, who has won two Olympic gold medals with the U.S. team, was released from camp. 
  
 "I accept and respect the Federation's decision, and more importantly, I apologize for disappointing my teammates, coaches and the Federation who have always supported me," Solo said in a statement emailed to The Associated Press on Wednesday night. "I think it's best for me to take a break, decompress from the stress of the last several months, and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute to the team." 
  
 The domestic violence charges stemmed from an altercation with her half-sister and 17-year-old nephew at a party in Washington last June. 
  
 Solo had pleaded not guilty in that case, and she continued to play for the U.S. team and with her National Women's Soccer League team, the Seattle Reign, while awaiting trial. 
  
 Solo married Stevens in 2012. He was arrested just before their wedding for investigation of assault after a disturbance involving Solo, but he was not charged. 
  
 Her last appearance with the national team was in December, when she started in a scoreless draw against Brazil in the championship game of the 2014 International Tournament of Brasilia. 
  
 Last September in an exhibition victory over Mexico, Solo logged her 72nd shutout, passing Briana Scurry (1994-2008) on national team's career list. 
  
 The suspension comes at a critical time for the U.S. team. 
  
 Following the exhibition matches in February, the U.S. team will play in the Algarve Cup in March. The team will open World Cup play on June 8 against Australia in Winnipeg, Manitoba. 
  
 An expanded field of 24 teams will compete in the World Cup, which will be played in six Canadian cities. The United States is in Group D, which also includes Sweden and Nigeria. 
  
 The U.S. women, currently ranked No. 2 in the world behind Germany, are seeking their third World Cup title but first since 1991. 
  
 Solo will be eligible for reinstatement after the suspension, pending review and approval by U.S. Soccer and Ellis, U.S. Soccer said. ||||| TMZ Sports 
  
 It's now time to reevaluate who your Valentine is this year ... because UFC star Arianny Celeste is doing a super hot lingerie shoot for Lovers Day ... and she doesn't know you exist.… ||||| Hope Solo, the star goalkeeper of the United States women’s national team, has been suspended for 30 days because of an "incident" during the team’s ongoing training camp in Southern California, U.S. Soccer announced. The suspension is effective immediately. 
  
 According to TMZ Sports, Solo, 33, was in a car with her husband, former NFL player Jerramy Stevens, when they were pulled over around 2 a.m. on Monday. Stevens was arrested and charged with driving under the influence. Solo was also heavily inebriated, according to the report. 
  
 [FC Yahoo: The one lingering problem that MLS must address] 
  
 The incident occurred just a week after the dismissal of Solo’s domestic violence case in which she had been charged with two counts of assault for a June altercation with her half-sister and nephew. 
  
 Story Continues 
  
 "During our current National Team camp, Hope made a poor decision that has resulted in a negative impact on U.S. Soccer and her teammates," U.S. head coach Jill Ellis said in a statement. "We feel at this time it is best for her to step away from the team." 
  
 Solo responded on Facebook. "I accept and respect the Federation’s decision, and more importantly, I apologize for disappointing my teammates, coaches and the Federation who have always supported me," she wrote. "I think it’s best for me to take a break, decompress from the stress of the last several months, and come back mentally and physically ready to positively contribute to the team." 
  
 Once again, the incident is exceedingly poorly timed, with the USA getting ready for this summer’s Women’s World Cup in Canada and Solo only just getting out of her latest run-in with the law. She and Stevens had also been involved in a domestic violence case on the eve of their 2012 wedding that was dismissed for a lack of evidence. 
  
 Solo is inarguably a difference maker on the field and badly needed if the Americans are to finally end their 16-year World Cup drought. There is no way to replace her without suffering a significant talent drop-off at the goalkeeper position. 
  
 [FC Yahoo: So far, Luis Suarez has been a bust for Barcelona] 
  
 Plainly, U.S. Soccer had little choice but to suspend her for this latest incident, since it had happened while Solo was with the team (which pays its members a full-time salary). The federation had stood by Solo and allowed her to keep playing while her assault charges awaited trial, allowing the justice system to run its course – even celebrating her record-setting 72nd shutout with the national team and awarding her the captain’s armband the following game. Her case was dismissed when her accusers failed on several occasions to be interviewed by her lawyer. 
  
 That incident had happened while she was away from the team. U.S. Soccer didn’t have all the information then; it did this time around. So for the sake of its integrity, the federation had to send Solo home. But in Ellis’s build-up to the World Cup, this is a major inconvenience, with testing friendlies in France and England coming up – both of which Solo will miss. 
  
 There are no guarantees that Solo will be back at all. Ellis and the federation might decide the goalie is more trouble than she’s worth and too much of a distraction as the team heads into the high-pressure environment of a World Cup just across its own border. After her assault case, Solo was on thin ice, and she just dunked right through it. 
  
 Solo, for her part, is putting a lot at stake by failing to suppress her undeniable talent for finding trouble. At her age, this could well be her last World Cup. And she continues to tarnish a well-established mainstream brand – she has a varied portfolio of endorsements and has appeared on "Dancing with the Stars" and in ESPN The Magazine’s Body Issue – potentially leaving huge amounts of money on the table. 
  
 With just 138 days left before the USA kicks off its World Cup, it might have to go looking for a new goalkeeper. 
  
 Leander Schaerlaeckens is a soccer columnist for Yahoo Sports. Follow him on Twitter @LeanderAlphabet. ||||| In August of 2014, the Archive-It team put out a call for URLs related to the August 9th shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO. Soon after we were joined by Archive-It partner Washington University in St. Louis, MO who contributed lists of URLs and solicited URLs from communities in and around Ferguson. Maryland Institute for Technology in the Humanities contributed a significant number of URLs extracted from tweets about Michael Brown and Ferguson. In December we expanded the collection to include content related to the July 17th chokehold death of Eric Garner in Staten Island, NY, and the reactions around the country to the acquittal of the police officers in both cases. The collection then progressed further to reflect the movement building in reaction to police violence against people of color. Today the #blacklivesmatter Web Archive contains news articles, blogs, social media, and other websites related to Ferguson, Michael Brown, Eric Garner, protests and demonstrations around the country, and seeks to document the movement as it grows and evolves. Note: Many of these sites contain videos, some of which may not play back in the page. To view archived videos click on the Videos link in the yellow banner at the top of the archived web page. |||||
A summary of this is?