Write highlights for this article:

Nobody gets out the bunting for sixth place, but there is more to Liverpool’s inch-by-inch pro-gress up the table than first sight suggests. This win edged them past Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday, but the gap now separating Liverpool from clubs with loftier ambitions is increasingly small. They are a point behind Southampton, whose bubble may be about to pop, two points off Manchester United in fourth, three points away from Arsenal in third. Inferior goal difference means Liverpool will need to go that extra yard but, on this form, it is well within their power. They scored with their first two shots on target in this game, the second in the 73rd minute, but that should not detract from the display. Southampton had three first-half penalty appeals — one of which was particularly convincing — but this was a gutsy, impressive win on a day that made it impossible to play the brand of football that is the trademark of manager Brendan Rodgers. Liverpool playmaker Phillipe Coutinho strikes from outside the area to put his side ahead in the third minute. Coutinho (centre) celebrates with his Liverpool team-mates after putting his side in front against Southampton. Here's how it happened - our graphic shows the speed and distance of Coutinho's superb early opener for the Reds at St Mary's. Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling then made it 2-0 in the second half against Southampton at St Mary's. Southampton: Forster 6, Clyne 7.5, Fonte 7, Yoshida 6.5, Targett 6.5, Ward-Prowse 6 (Mane 57, 6), Wanyama 6, Steven Davis 6 (Schneiderlin 46, 6), Elia 6, Djuricic 6 (Tadic 75, 6), Pelle 6.5. Subs not used: Kelvin Davis,  Gardos, Long, Reed. Booked: Wanyama, Elia. Liverpool: Mignolet 7, Can 7, Skrtel 7.5, Lovren 6, Ibe 7 (Johnson 75, 6), Henderson 8, Allen 7.5, Markovic 5.5 (Moreno 46, 6.5), Lallana 6.5 (Sturridge 62, 6.5), Coutinho 7.5, Sterling 7. Subs not used: Ward, Toure, Lambert, Balotelli. Booked: Lovren, Moreno, Henderson. Goals: Coutinho 3, Sterling 73. Referee: Kevin Friend 5.5. Attendance: 31,723. *Ratings by Sami Mokbel at St Mary's. Philippe Coutinho's superb opener for Liverpool. CLICK HERE for more from Sportsmail's excellent Match Zone. Liverpool had to tough it out instead, and did. In a spoiling swirl of wind and driving rain, not to mention strength-sapping bitter cold, they dug in against the formidable aerial power of Graziano Pelle, and the midfield worked hard. They have now kept five consecutive clean sheets away from home in the league — a record unmatched since 1985, the days of Alan Hansen and Mark Lawrenson. No, it wasn’t the prettiest, but it was never going to be, and Philippe Coutinho’s first goal at least was a thing of beauty. It was fitting that it should take place in front of local hero Matt Le Tissier, too. It will not have greatly pleased him — he is too much of a Southampton loyalist for that — but he would surely have admired the artistry and the technique. Lazar Markovic slipped a simple pass inside to Coutinho and he turned it into something truly magnificent with a curling shot from 30 yards. Le Tissier scored a few like that and it may have jogged his memory as Coutinho’s effort bent perfectly beyond the reach of Fraser Forster, struck the underside of the bar and bounced down over the line, as if the ball itself knew a degree of aesthetic flamboyance was required for such a finish. That was after just three minutes, and 70 had passed by the time Liverpool struck their next shot on target, again with success. The fact that Southampton’s usually pin-sharp defence made not one, but two mistakes, on the way to goal illustrates the job that Liverpool had done by then. soaking up the pressure and leaving them exhausted. Coutinho struck a superb effort from 25 yards which left Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster helpless. Southampton goalkeeper Forster could do nothing as he was beaten by the Brazilian's excellent finish. Coutinho (right) celebrates with team-mates Lazar Markovic (left), Sterling (second left) and Joe Allen. Former Southampton midfielder Adam Lallana (left) is tackled by Steven Davis of Southampton at St Mary's. What did Graham Poll make of the declined penalty appeals? Find out here. One would never have guessed it was Liverpool that had played a European game as recently as Thursday. Southampton substitute Morgan Schneiderlin played a careless square ball directly to Alberto Moreno, whose forward run ended with a cross which should have been cleared by Matt Targett. Instead, off-balance, he tapped it helplessly to Raheem Sterling, who drove the ball through a crowd of players, goalkeeper Forster unsighted until it was too late. So nothing to celebrate yet, but suddenly Liverpool have options. When Rodgers left out Daniel Sturridge many felt it was a sign he was prioritising the Europa League as the best entry route to next season’s Champions League. Not after this. If it was even half in Rodgers’s mind that the small number of set-pieces required to secure cup qualification might prove less of an obstacle than an assault on a top four, he can now afford to play both ends. Manchester United must be worried. Squeezed by Arsenal and Southampton, and now Liverpool, the league is their only route back. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers directs his players in the rain on the touchline in front of Southampton boss Ronald Koeman (right) Liverpool's teenage winger Jordon Ibe attempts to take the ball past Southampton youngster Matt Targett. Filip Djuricic of Southampton is caught in a sandwich between Dejan Lovren (top) and Joe Allen. Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet rushes out to the edge of his area to block a shot from Southampton's Eljero Elia. And what of Southampton, pace-setters, fairy-tale, the Champions League choice of all football romantics? It is going to be hard going from here. Southampton have won one game in the last five in all competitions and Sunday’s display fizzled out into a standard hard- luck story of penalty appeals denied. They didn’t play poorly, but they didn’t convince, either, and the feeling of injustice that permeated St Mary’s obscures a dip in form. Southampton look leggy and their threat reduced as the game wore on. The filthy weather that plagued the south coast made flowing football a forlorn hope, so no wonder much of Southampton’s threat came from balls in the air, won by Pelle, who was a handful without being a threat. Liverpool do not care for that option, as Rodgers made plain on the day he told Andy Carroll he had no future at the club. Even so, the real enemy, according to the locals, was not the rain or the wind but referee Kevin Friend, who rejected four penalty appeals. That the first came after just 25 seconds created a feeling of injustice to rival that felt by Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho. Friend, who is having a weekend of it, was the fourth official at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, too. New signing Filip Djuricic, on his debut, was the first to fail to convince Friend, putting Emre Can under pressure from the opening attack of the game. Can certainly seemed to place a hand on his shoulder, and not in a fatherly way, but not with the force needed to make Djuricic collapse as he did. The ease with which he went down probably got Can off the hook. Maybe Djuricic, on loan from Benfica, would have swayed official judgment in Portugal’s league, but not here. The second was more convincing, Joe Allen bringing down Djuricic only to find Friend curiously unmoved. The ball ran free to Eljero Elia, who forced Simon Mignolet to make a fine save, overlooked in the furore. Liverpool forward Sterling is tackled by Southampton defender Jose Fonte at St Mary's while goalkeeper Forster watches on. Dejan Lovren (left) appears to handle the ball in an incident which saw Southampton unsuccessfully appeal for a penalty. Southampton forward Eljero Elia charges forward with the ball as he battles with Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel (right) Only Fraser Forster (12) and Ben Foster (West Brom, 10) have kept more Premier League clean sheets this season than Simon Mignolet (nine). A final penalty appeal was made against Can, for handball, just before half-time but there was a growing feeling of resignation about Southampton’s desperate pleas. Seconds earlier, they were making a strong case for a free-kick just outside the box. A long pass sent Elia through and Mignolet came charging from his line, intercepting with inches to spare on the edge of the area. It hit his body inside, but perhaps a hand outside, although it is hard to see how Friend could have made a handball call with any certainty. TV replays were not totally clear initially, suggesting his reluctance was justified. Even if video technology is allowed it is unlikely to clear up incidents such as this in the time allotted. Sterling had one rejected at the other end, too, but it appeared Jose Fonte got the ball. Even if he hadn’t, it is hard to imagine Friend pointing to the spot. Maybe he’s just the sceptical type. A view of the action during the clash between Southampton and Liverpool at a rainy St Mary's on Sunday afternoon. Liverpool forward Sterling struck from inside the penalty area to make it 2-0 as Morgan Schneiderlin (left) tried to prevent him.

Highlights: