Tropical storm Agatha, President Barack Obama, sinkhole in Guatemala, Afghanistan, oil spill, U.K. shooting,

COMMANDO ATTACK: This image from a video provided by the Israeli Defense Force showed what the IDF says is one of several commandos being dropped onto the Mavi Marmara ship by helicopter in the Mediterranean Sea. Israeli commandos rappelled down to an aid flotilla sailing toward a Gaza blockade Monday, clashing with pro-Palestinian activists on the lead ship in a raid that left at least nine passengers dead. (AP Photo/Israel Defense Force)

MEMORIAL DAY SALUTE: World War II Veteran Ed Lipinsky, 83, saluted during the national anthem at the Memorial Day parade in Brooklyn, N.Y., on Monday. (David Goldman/Associated Press)

FLOOD FALLOUT: A woman cried in front of her house, which was consumed by flooding caused by tropical storm “Agatha” in Jiquilisco, El Salvador, on Monday. The rains have affected 95% of roads, and officials reported at least 120 dead and at least 53 missing. (Roberto Escobar/EPA)

EXAMINING THE SCENE: A forensic investigator took photos of a man’s slain body at a tire shop in Monterrey, N.M., on Monday. Local media said two other men were injured when gunmen shot at them several times after they arrived at the shop. (Tomar Bravo/Reuters)

CATCHING SOME RAYS: Catherine Jones tossed a tennis ball for her 8-year-old Jack Russell terrier, Lilliie, while sunbathing Monday along the East River in Brooklyn, N.Y. (David Goldman/Associated Press)

SPEECH IN THE RAIN: Audience members used chairs as shelter from the rain as U.S. President Barack Obama spoke during a Memorial Day event at the Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery in Elwood, Ill. (Larry Downing/Reuters)

SURROUNDED BY MUD: A woman stood in mud from a landslide caused by tropical storm Agatha in Amatitlan, Guatemala, on Monday. Stunned victims of Agatha wept by destroyed homes and rescue crews dug bodies out of the mud in Guatemala after torrential rain killed at least 120 people across Central America. (Daniel LeClair/Reuters)

FIREY CRASH: Bystanders and police searched the burning wreckage of a plane for survivors shortly after it crashed in a busy business district near downtown Anchorage, Alaska, on Tuesday. A small child was killed and four other people on board were injured. (Adan Hernandez/Associated Press)

PRETTY IN PINK: A Chinese girl ate an ice lolly at Beijing’s Zoo on Tuesday. China’s president, Hu Jintao, called for greater attention to child safety in a speech for the annual Children’s Day holiday, during a year that has seen a number of violent attacks in the country’s schools. (Muhammed Muheisen/Associated Press)

IN SHOCK: Grieving family members left a courthouse after a bank guard opened fire in Yongzhou, China, killing three judges and wounding three others before killing himself. Zhu Jun, a 46-year-old guard for Postal Savings Bank of China, was angry over a legal ruling in his divorce and entered the courthouse with a machine gun and two pistols. (STR/AFP/Getty Images)

GAPING HOLE: A giant sinkhole caused by rains from tropical storm Agatha is seen in Guatemala City on Tuesday. (Daniel LeClair/Reuters)

THERAPY: A teacher threw a ball toward children with cerebral palsy Tuesday during a training session at the Palsigunung rehabilitation home in Jakarta, Indonesia. Palsigunung, founded in 1975 by Sophie Sarwono, houses about 30 patients. The home treats children through sensory-motor therapy and physical and speech trainings. (Beawiharta/Reuters)

CARRYING THE INJURED: Policemen carried freelance photographer Hernan Fernandez after he was injured during a rally in downtown Santiago, Chile, on Tuesday. Thousands of students marched through the streets to demand that Chile’s government change the public education system and provide a bigger budget for universities. (Victor Ruiz Caballero/Reuters)

HUNG OUT TO DRY: A Filipino woman hung her soaked belongings on a washing line as flash floods hit the Southern Philippines on Wednesday. More than 47,000 people have been displaced by the floods that have hit 10 low-lying towns in the south. (Jeoffrey Maitem/Getty Images)

ON GUARD: A security guard kept watch on an alleged Taliban militant, who was captured alive during a gun battle in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Wednesday. Taliban suicide attackers launched an assault on a national peace conference as it opened in the Afghan capital, sparking gun battles outside the venue. (Fardin Waezi/Associated Press)

DISASTER HITS HOME: Mary Smith watched over her grandchildren Tuesday as a large clean-up crew walked along the beach in Dauphin Island, Ala. Oil from the Deepwater Horizon disaster has started washing ashore on the Alabama coast. (Dave Martin/Associated Press)

SHOCK OVER SHOOTING SPREE: A police forensics officers in Cumbria, northeast England, filmed the scene of a shooting that left at least 12 people dead Wednesday. The rampage by 52-year-old taxi driver Derrick Bird was the country’s worst shooting spree in 14 years. Terrified locals in Britain’s scenic Lake District were told to stay indoors as police searched for the suspect. Twenty-five others were wounded in the shooting, including three whose condition was said to be critical. (David Moir/Reuters)

GUARD DOG: A dog sat near the remains of a house after a fire in San Javier, Colombia, on Wednesday. At least 70 houses were affected by the fire but no people were reported injured, authorities said. (Fredy Amariles/Reuters)

OIL’S TOLL: A sea bird is mired in oil on the beach at East Grand Terre Island, La., on Thursday. The oil spill from the Deepwater Horizon has affected wildlife throughout the Gulf of Mexico. (Charlie Riedel/Associated Press)

FIRE VICTIM: Locals and fire-fighters recovered the body of a victim from the site of a fire in the old part of Dhaka, Bangladesh, on Friday. (Andrew Biraj/Reuters)

TOO LOUD: A boy covered his ears against the sound of trombones Thursday during a Corpus Christi procession in Warsaw, Poland. The Feast of Corpus Christi is observed on the Thursday after Trinity Sunday in villages, towns and cities across Poland. (Czarek Sokolowski/Associated Press)

SETTING SAIL: Bystanders watched as the stranded bulk coal carrier, Seli 1, burned off Cape Town’s Blouberg beach after a salvage operation in South Africa on Thursday. (Mark Wessels/Reuters)

DEVILISH CHASE: A man dressed in a red and yellow costume representing the devil, known as “El Colacho,” ran through the streets of Castrillo de Murcia, Spain, during traditional Corpus Christi celebrations on Thursday. (Felix Ordonez/Reuters)

EMOTIONAL GAME: Home plate umpire Jim Joyce wiped tears during the exchange of lineup cards between Cleveland Indians bench coach Tim Tolman, left, and Detroit Tigers pitcher Armando Galarraga, right, before a baseball game in Detroit on Thursday. Mr. Galarraga lost his bid for a perfect game with two outs in the ninth inning on a disputed call at first base by Mr. Joyce on Wednesday night. (Paul Sancya/Associated Press)

ROADSIDE RESPITE: The child of a laborer slept on a road divider in New Delhi on Thursday. A court-appointed panel said earlier this year that at least 43 workers have been killed building venues for the upcoming Commonwealth Games in New Delhi because of dangerous work sites and a lack of proper safety gear. In the background is the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, the main venue for the upcoming Commonwealth Games. (Gurinder Osan/Associated Press)

SEARCH: German forensics officers examined a spot Friday in a forest near Heidenheim, southern Germany, where a female corpse was found. Three week earlier, the wife of a banker was kidnapped nearby. It’s not clear whether there is a connection between the found body and the kidnapped woman. (Christof Stache/AFP/Getty Images)

RAISING AWARENESS: An Indian laborer broke coal at a brick factory on the outskirts of Allahabad on Friday, on the eve of World Environment Day. The day, commemorated each year on June 5, is one of the principal vehicles through which the United Nations stimulates world-wide awareness of the environment and enhances political attention and action. (Diptendu Dutta/AFP/Getty Images)

PADDLING IN POLAND: A man used a rubber dinghy to get to his house in the Warsaw suburb of Piaseczno Friday. Heavy rains triggered new floods in central Europe late in the week. (Peter Andrews/Reuters)

SNEAKING A SHOT: A Catholic nun snuck a photo of Pope Benedict XVI from behind a row of Greek Orthodox clerics at the church of Agia Kyriaki Chrysopolitissa, known as the “Church by St. Paul’s Pillar,” Friday in the southwestern Cypriot town of Paphos. The east Mediterranean island’s Orthodox Archbishop Chrysostomos II, at right, attended the ceremony at the ancient church where the pontiff is beginning his first visit to an Orthodox Christian country. (Patrick Baz/AFP/Getty Images)

DON’T FALL IN: A zookeeper fed a crocodile during World Environment Day celebrations at the Malabon Zoo in Manila Friday. (Romeo Ranoco/Reuters)

Corrections & Amplifications: A child died Tuesday in a small plane crash in Anchorage, Alaska. An earlier version of this feature incorrectly said the crash had been in Arkansas. The above caption has been corrected.
What are the most important parts of this text?