Write a summary based on this article:

Researchers have uncovered animal bones, flint tools, and evidence of burning that predates the first stones at Stonehenge by nearly 5,000 years. Here, an animal bone, with a point still in it 
  
 Editor's Note: This story was updated April 24 at 10:20 a.m. ET. 
  
 A site near Stonehenge has revealed archaeological evidence that hunters lived just a mile from Stonehenge roughly 5,000 years prior to the construction of the first stones, new research suggests. 
  
 What's more, the site, which was occupied continuously for 3,000 years, had evidence of burning, thousands of flint tool fragments and bones of wild aurochs , a type of extinct giant cow. That suggests the area near Stonehenge may have been an auroch migration route that became an ancient feasting site, drawing people together from across different cultures in the region, wrote lead researcher David Jacques of the Open University in the United Kingdom, in an email. 
  
 "We may have found the cradle of Stonehenge, the reason why it is where it is," Jacques wrote. [In Photos: A Walk Through Stonehenge] 
  
 The new discovery may also identify the people who first erected structures at Stonehenge. A few gigantic pine posts, possibly totem poles, were raised at Stonehenge between 8,500 and 10,000 years ago, but until now there was scant evidence of occupation in the area that long ago. The new research suggests those ancient structures may perhaps have been raised to honor a sacred hunting ground. 
  
 Mysterious monument 
  
 For decades, people have wondered at the enigmatic stone structures erected roughly 5,000 years ago in the plains of Wiltshire, England. No one knows why ancient people built the structure: some believe it was a place of ancient worship or a sun calendar, whereas still others think it was a symbol of unity or even that Stonehenge was inspired by a sound illusion. 
  
 The large megaliths, known as sarsens, are up to 30 feet tall and weigh up to 25 tons, while the smaller bluestones weigh up to 4 tons. Researchers think the giant boulders came from a quarry near Marlborough Downs, just 20 miles (32 kilometers) from the iconic site, while the bluestones likely came from Preseli Hills in Wales, nearly 156 miles (250 km) away from Stonehenge. 
  
 Old photographs 
  
 Jacques was looking through archival photographs of the region surrounding Stonehenge when he spotted a site known as Vespasian's Camp, just a mile from Stonehenge in nearby Amesbury. 
  
 Realizing that it hadn't been fully surveyed, Jacques began to investigate the area, which harbored a freshwater spring. 
  
 Because animals like to stop and drink at such watering holes, Jacques wondered whether ancient man may have settled nearby as well. 
  
 The team uncovered roughly 350 animal bones and 12,500 flint tools or fragments, as well as lots of evidence of burning. Carbon dating suggested the area was occupied by humans from 7500 B.C. to 4700 B.C. — roughly 5,000 years prior to the erection of the first stones at Stonehenge. [See Photos of the Stonehenge Hunting Ground ] 
  
 "The spring may have originally attracted large animals to it, which would have aided hunting and may have led to associations that the area was a sacred hunting ground," Jacques wrote. 
  
 In addition, the researchers found tools made from stone from one region of England, but fashioned in the style of another region (for instance, a stone tool made from Welsh or Cornwall slate, but made in a style typical of Sussex). That suggests the people from different regions were coming together at the site, Jacques wrote. 
  
 Ancient builders? 
  
 The findings could help researchers pinpoint why the ancient builders of Stonehenge chose the place they did, Jacques said. 
  
 "We have found a bridge from which transmission of cultural memory about the 'specialness' of the place where the stones were later being put up was possible," Jacques wrote. "We are getting closer to understanding their reasons for putting it up — it is all to do with ancestors, but those ancestors go much further back than has previously been realised." 
  
 The findings show "there was a substantial interest in the Stonehenge landscape well before the stones were hauled there and erected," said Timothy Darvill, an archaeologist at Bournemouth University in the U.K., who was not involved in the study. 
  
 Excavations dating to 2008 at Stonehenge also confirm earlier use at the megalithic site, Darvill wrote. However, what makes the Amesbury discovery special is the large trove of auroch bones found in the area, which suggests the spring was on a natural migration route for the wild aurochs, he said. 
  
 A program about the Amesbury site will air on BBC 4 on April 29. 
  
 Follow Tia Ghose on Twitter @tiaghose. Follow LiveScience @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on Live Science. ||||| (Image credit: Andrew Cowie/AFP/Getty Images) 
  
 Want a dream job that allows you to ponder one of the mysteries of the world while you pull down $99,229 a year? 
  
 Stonehenge, the mysterious, prehistoric monument in Wiltshire, England, is in need of a general manager to lead it "into a new era." 
  
 Stonehenge and 420 other historic properties are managed by English Heritage, an organization overseeing the historic assets of the British Crown. The huge standing stones were put up in 2000 to 3000 BC, the reasons for which historians have only guessed. 
  
 "He / she will manage a team of more than 80 employees and 100 volunteers and will be responsible for ensuring the highest standards of customer service and presentation across the site," according to a statement by English Heritage. "Responsibilities also include overseeing the arrangements for the summer and winter solstices and seasonal gatherings." 
  
 RELATED STORY: Best and Worst Jobs of 2013 
  
 English Heritage states that over 1 million visitors come to Stonehenge each year to see the historic set of concentric stones that have baffled historians. The number of visitors is expected to rise to 1.25 million by 2016 or 2017. 
  
 "Stonehenge is one of the wonders of the world, a monument of the same iconic status as the Pyramids, the Taj Mahal and the Eiffel Tower," said Tim Reeve, English Heritage's Historic Properties Director, in a statement. "We are looking for a dynamic and inspirational person to welcome the million plus visitors to Stonehenge each year including the tens of thousands who celebrate the sun-rise there every Summer Solstice." 
  
 The pay for this job is about 65,000 British pounds, according to a job listing on English Heritage's website, posted last week. Applicants must apply for the new job by May 5. 
  
 "The successful candidate will be a dynamic and inspirational leader, with relevant experience at a major visitor attraction, ideally in the cultural sector," the job ad states. 
  
 The new senior manager will oversee a new visitor center and exhibition galleries in Dec. 2013. ||||| English Heritage is looking for an exceptional individual to run the world's most famous prehistoric monument - Stonehenge. From druids to day-trippers, Stonehenge welcomes over 1 million visitors a year and now - ahead of the opening of a new visitor centre and exhibition galleries - English Heritage has created the new role of Stonehenge General Manager. 
  
 "Stonehenge is one of the wonders of the world, a monument of the same iconic status as the Pyramids, the Taj Mahal and the Eiffel Tower," said Tim Reeve, English Heritage's Historic Properties Director. "We are looking for a dynamic and inspirational person to welcome the million plus visitors to Stonehenge each year including the tens of thousands who celebrate the sun-rise there every Summer Solstice." 
  
 "This is a very exciting time to get involved in Stonehenge's future. Over the next year, we will open our new exhibition galleries, close the busy road which has long blighted the monument, dismantle the old 1960's visitor centre, and finally reconnect Stonehenge with its ancient landscape." 
  
 "We want someone who can lead our team at Stonehenge. They may already have a background in leisure or heritage but it's not essential. We are looking for the brightest and best." 
  
 A New Dawn 
  
 This year marks a new dawn for Stonehenge. At the end of 2013, new galleries and visitor facilities worthy of the monument's significance will open and the A344 road which severs the ancient processional avenue to Stonehenge and cuts it off from the wider landscape will be closed. By spring 2014, the Stonehenge landscape will be restored to a more tranquil and dignified setting. 
  
 Responsibilities 
  
 The Stonehenge General Manager will be responsible for the stewardship, leadership and management of the Stonehenge site. He / she will manage a team of more than 80 employees and 100 volunteers and will be responsible for ensuring the highest standards of customer service and presentation across the site. Responsibilities also include overseeing the arrangements for the summer and winter solstices and seasonal gatherings. 
  
 The salary for the position of Stonehenge General Manager is circa £65,000 p.a. and the closing date for applications is 5 May 2013. |||||