Article:
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A black college football player killed by a white police officer likely used a synthetic psychedelic drug and marijuana prior to the deadly confrontation at a Texas car dealership, according to an autopsy report released Wednesday. 
  
 Christian Taylor was unarmed when Arlington police officer Brad Miller shot him on Aug. 7. Miller has been fired. 
  
 The report shows there was THC, one of the active components of marijuana, and a synthetic drug that causes hallucinations in his system. 
  
 The autopsy also showed Taylor was shot four times, in the neck, torso and abdomen. 
  
 The 6-foot-tall, 19-year-old attended Angelo State University in San Angelo in West Texas, where he was to start his sophomore year on the team. 
  
 The Tarrant County district attorney has said it will bring a case against Miller, 49, to a grand jury. However, the Arlington police department has yet to hand over the case, according to spokeswoman Samantha Jordan. 
  
 Miller's attorney John Snider said he hoped that in light of this evidence, the Arlington police chief would reconsider his decision to fire Miller. 
  
 Security footage from the lot shows Taylor breaking out the windshield of a car on the lot and then driving his vehicle into the glass showroom. There is no video footage of the shooting itself. 
  
 Inside the showroom, Miller ordered Taylor to get to the ground. Instead, Taylor cursed at the officer and advanced toward him. The officer fired when Taylor was about 10 feet away, Arlington police chief Will Johnson said in a news conference last month. 
  
 Friends of Taylor said he had recently developed a zeal for his Christian faith. According to the autopsy report, he had biblical verses, an angel and a cross tattooed on his body. ||||| Christian Taylor, the black, unarmed 19-year-old whose fatal shooting by an Arlington police officer last month garnered national attention, had used a synthetic drug that can cause hallucinations before his death, according to an autopsy report released Wednesday by the Tarrant County medical examiner’s office. 
  
 The autopsy characterized the illegal psychedelic found in Taylor’s blood, an NBOMe, as a drug that’s known to “cause distorted perceptions, agitation and hallucinations” and one that has been “associated with random and bizarre behavior in users.” The autopsy report likened some of the drug’s effects to those of LSD. Taylor’s autopsy also indicated recent use of marijuana. 
  
 Taylor, an Angelo State University football player, was shot four times in the early morning of Aug. 7. Brad Miller, an officer in training, was one of six officers responding to a burglary call at a car dealership. He fired after Taylor reportedly rushed him. Surveillance video showed Taylor acting erratically before the shooting. 
  
 Taylor’s death was ruled a homicide. Arlington Police Chief Will Johnson fired Miller four days after the shooting, citing Miller’s failure to follow proper police procedures during the call. Police said at the time they expected to present the case to a Tarrant County grand jury. 
  
 Zhivonni McDonnell, a public information officer for Arlington police, said late Wednesday the department declined to comment: “The case will continue progressing through the criminal justice system.” 
  
 Taylor’s family could not be reached for comment Wednesday. Mike Heiskell, an attorney who represents the family, told WFAA-TV (Channel 8) that “regardless of what may have been in his system, this was still an unjustified death of a young man.” 
  
 But John Snider, the attorney representing Miller, said in a statement that the autopsy report is “very significant evidence.” 
  
 “In light of this crucial development we hope that Chief Johnson will reconsider his rush to judgment,” he said in an emailed statement. 
  
 Snider had previously criticized Johnson, saying he only fired Miller to “appease anti-police activists.” 
  
 The footage 
  
 Surveillance camera footage released shortly after the shooting showed Taylor at the dealership, at one point standing on the hood of a silver Ford Mustang, stomping on the glass and trying to rip it away, and eventually trying to climb inside. Taylor also drove his Jeep through the dealership’s showroom window, though that’s not shown on camera. 
  
 Taylor died from gunshot wounds to the neck, chest and abdomen, according to the autopsy. The report stated “all the bullets appear to have been fired in front of him,” indicating Taylor was facing Miller when he was shot. 
  
 According to the U.S. Department of Justice and the Drug Enforcement Administration, the drug commonly known as “N-Bomb” that was found in Taylor’s blood can cause agitation, aggression and visual and auditory hallucinations, among other health issues. 
  
 At least 19 deaths nationwide have been linked to a set of synthetic drugs known as the NBOMe compounds, according to the DEA. 
  
 A bill introduced in the Texas Legislature this year by Sen. Joan Huffman, R-Houston, added the NBOMe compounds and other substances derived from the same chemical structure to Penalty Group 1-A, which carries felony punishment. 
  
 That law went into effect Tuesday. 
  
 Friends’ reactions 
  
 Taylor was arrested in 2013 on a misdemeanor drug possession charge. The charge was dismissed after he completed probation this summer. 
  
 His friends said they never saw him using drugs. 
  
 Legista Beckford, who was Taylor’s close friend and teammate at Angelo State, said the budding defensive back was always the first person to say no to any kind of unsafe behavior. 
  
 “He was always the guy to be like, ‘Put on your seat belt,’ or ‘Be safe in my car,’” Beckford said. 
  
 Taylor’s close friends from Mansfield Summit High School said he had specifically steered clear of narcotics. 
  
 “In front of my face, I’ve never seen him do drugs,” said Sam Armardi. “Marijuana is probably the only thing anybody did in high school.” 
  
 And after Taylor turned suddenly religious over the summer, his friends said, he seemed intolerant of even small vices. 
  
 “He was saying: ‘You shouldn’t be smoking. You shouldn’t be doing this. You shouldn’t be doing that. God is good. God is great,’” Armardi said. 
  
 Armardi said he had heard unconfirmed rumors that Taylor had used LSD with a friend one month before his death and had planned to use it again the night he was slain. 
  
 “Those were the only two times they did it, and we never heard about the drugs again until after he passed away,” Armardi said. 
  
 Several friends recalled Taylor talking about running out of time or being tired. Most assumed he was just worn out from football practice or college stress. 
  
 “He told me he was a little depressed,” said Jordan McHenry. “We were just wondering if he needed help.” 
  
 Taylor didn’t respond well to the suggestion. 
  
 “Jordan just called me thinking that I’m crazy and need help,” he texted to his friends’ group chat a few weeks before his death. “Are you crazy?? … I know I’m living right with God.” 
  
 Staff writers Avi Selk and Claire Z. Cardona contributed to this report. 
  
 dgrobmeier@dallasnews.com; 
  
 jfancher@dallasnews.com ||||| Play Facebook 
  
 Twitter 
  
 Google Plus 
  
 Embed Watch Video From Dealership Where Unarmed Teen Was Killed 6:36 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog 
  
 The college football player fatally shot by a rookie police officer during a break-in at a car dealership in Texas last month had traces of a psychedelic drug in his system, an initial autopsy report has found. 
  
 Christian Taylor, 19, was unarmed when he was shot and killed by Arlington police officer Brad Miller at a car dealership in the early morning hours of Aug. 7. 
  
 An autopsy report released Wednesday said tests determined the presence of a "synthetic psychedelic drug" that can cause hallucinations. Tests also found the presence of THC, the psychoactive element of marijuana, in an amount consistent with recent use. 
  
 Taylor, a sophomore at Angelo State University in San Angelo, was acting erratically and stomped through the windshield of a parked Ford Mustang before crashing his Jeep Grand Cherokee into the dealership, surveillance video shows. He allegedly told an officer who responded that he was there to steal a car, Arlington Police Chief Will Johnson has said. 
  
 Related: FBI Invited to Assist in Probe After Cop Kills College Student Christian Taylor 
  
 Miller, a 49-year-old recruit officer finishing up his year of supervised training, was found to have used poor judgment in entering the dealership alone and without telling other officers. He was fired four days after the shooting. 
  
 Play Facebook 
  
 Twitter 
  
 Google Plus 
  
 Embed Texas Police Fire Officer Involved in Christian Taylor Shooting 1:14 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog 
  
 Johnson said at that time that Miller's decision to enter the building alone and without an arrest plan contributed to the confrontation that preceded the deadly shooting. 
  
 Taylor was shot four times, according to the autopsy report. 
  
 Related: Christian Taylor, Texas Teen Killed By Cop, Tweeted: 'I Don't Wanna Die Too Young' |||||Summary: