Summarize this article:

Vantage Energy operates the natural gas drilling site on the grounds of Lake Arlington Baptist Church. (Photo: WFAA) 
  
 ARLINGTON — Two months ago, 100 homes in Arlington had to be evacuated as fracking fluid spilled out of a drilling site onto the city streets. 
  
 Now we know officially what happened, why it happened, and why Arlington officials are blaming the drilling company for "unacceptable behavior." 
  
 A series of video recordings obtained by News 8 shows the scene behind the walls of a fracking site 600 feet from a cluster of homes in the state's seventh largest city. In the incident, 42,800 gallons of fracking fluid — boiling up from thousands of feet underground — spewed into the streets and into Arlington storm sewers and streams. 
  
 WFAA obtained this video that shows a leak of fracking fluid from an Arlington drilling site (Photo: WFAA) 
  
 Four attempts and 24 hours later, experts were finally able to plug the natural gas well. 
  
 Nearby residents and Arlington officials feared the worst. Now, two months later, fire officials have concluded their investigation. 
  
 "Clearly there was a release of unpermitted materials into the stormwater system," said Arlington Fire Chief Don Crowson as he addressed Arlington City Council members on Tuesday. 
  
 The good news, according to Crowson: Despite numerous toxic substances being released into the environment, tests show it was not in amounts that did significant damage to the environment. 
  
 The bad news? He said the drilling company mishandled the spill. 
  
 "For my concerns, the main issue I articulated to you a few months ago was the delayed notification of 911," Crowson said. "It's not acceptable." 
  
 According to the report, Vantage Energy first contacted 911 nearly two hours after fracking water first started to spill. What's more, the call to 911 came not from the site, but from corporate headquarters in Pennsylvania. 
  
 "This is unacceptable behavior," said City Council member Robert Rivera. "The citizens of Arlington do not appreciate the lack of ability to control the site." 
  
 LABC gas well leak (Photo: WFAA) 
  
 The official causeof the spill at a site adjacent to Lake Arlington Baptist Church is listed as equipment failure. Vantage Energy was issued a citation and has agreed to reimburse the city $84,000. 
  
 But this was not included in the city's report: Records uncovered by News 8 of another 1,500-gallon spill at the same site one month earlier. 
  
 Despite numerous toxic substances being released into the environment, tests show it was not in amounts that did significant damage to the environment. 
  
 Arlington Resident Kim Feil said the two incidents one month apart reinforce her fears that drilling so close to homes is not safe. 
  
 "I just assumed this was a residential area and it would be free from industrial hazardous operations," Feil said. "Now we see it's not." 
  
 In the meantime, drilling operations remain shut down and will not resume until the city does a final inspection and the folks across the street and those affected are given official notification. 
  
 Read or Share this story: http://on.wfaa.com/1MJMRSg ||||| Arlington fire officials indicated the site of a gas well that leaked thousands of gallons of fracking fluid back in April could be close to reopening. (Published Tuesday, June 16, 2015) 
  
 An Arlington gas well site that leaked thousands of gallons of fracking fluid in April could soon resume drilling. 
  
 All operations at Vantage Energy's Lake Arlington Baptist Church site along Little Road have been suspended since that leak occurred. 
  
 The company said a well head component malfunctioned, causing a back flow of fracking fluid to spill out. No natural gas leaked from the well, but the incident forced dozens of families in the area to evacuate their homes. 
  
 On Tuesday, Arlington Fire Chief Don Crowson gave the City Council an update on the cleanup efforts. 
  
 92-Year-Old Woman Arrested in Denton Fracking Protest 
  
 A 92-year-old mother and son were the latest arrests in Denton’s fracking protests Tuesday; only that mother also happens to be a great grandmother. (Published Tuesday, June 16, 2015) 
  
 ( Tue Jun 16 16:40:54 PDT 2015 $__output ) 
  
 "I will give Vantage credit for this," said Crowson. "They've owned it. They've owned the responsibility for it." 
  
 Through the course of their investigation, fire officials determined more than 42,000 gallons of fracking fluid escaped into the city's storm water system. They don't believe the city's water supply or the public are in any danger. 
  
 "Arlington Environmental, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality and the EPA tested the water and soil samples in several locations and found pollutant material below levels that will require further remediation," said Assistant Fire Chief Jim Self. 
  
 Crowson said Vantage has identified the faulty component that caused the well head to malfunction and has taken steps to fix the problem on that well and others. 
  
 The company has also paid the city more than $82,000 to reimburse taxpayers for the response to the leak. That doesn't include additional fines Vantage had to pay for three citations the city issued following the incident. 
  
 "Our relationship with Vantage has been very good historically," said Crowson. 
  
 Crowson did not mince words, though, when he discussed Vantage's decision to wait nearly two hours before reporting the leak to 911. He called the company's actions "unacceptable" and said he's met with Vantage and other energy companies to make sure they understand that. 
  
 "Call the fire department immediately," said Crowson. "That's been carefully and directly communicated." 
  
 In an email to NBC 5, a spokesperson for Vantage said, "We've worked collaboratively with the fire department on revised notification procedures." 
  
 Crowson said the site has to pass one last inspection before drilling can resume. When that happens, he said the public will be notified. ||||| The Fire Department has taken a gas well operator to task and imposed rules to make sure a leak like the one that occurred in southwest Arlington on April 11 doesn’t happen again, top fire officials told the City Council at an afternoon work session Tuesday. 
  
 A pipe sprung a softball-size hole at the Vantage Energy well site at 3016 Little Road, allowing nearly 43,000 gallons of fracking water and chemicals to gush into the city storm-water system and sparking fears that natural gas would follow, Assistant Fire Chief Jim Self said. 
  
 More than 100 families living within 1/8 mile were evacuated as a precaution. 
  
 “Some were displaced as long as 21 hours,” Self said. 
  
 Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW 
  
 No gas leaked, but Vantage employees, trying to fix the problem themselves, waited two hours to call 911. 
  
 “That’s unacceptable behavior,” Councilman Robert Rivera said. 
  
 Self and Fire Chief Don Crowson assured the council that they have taken steps to clarify the city’s expectations in such emergencies. Step 1: Call 911 before doing anything else. 
  
 “We’re not kidding around about the 911 issue,” Crowson said during a break. “It was a very serious situation. It could have ended in a bad outcome. Two hours’ advance notice could have helped alot. Luckily, we were prepared and we worked well with [Vantage], and we were able to resolve the issue.” 
  
 The pipe began leaking about 1 p.m. It was carrying water and solvents that had been used, under high pressure, to fracture shale and release its natural gas. At any moment, the frack-water leak could have become a gas leak. 
  
 Stopping the leak took almost 24 hours. 
  
 City officials praised Vantage officials for their cooperation. City Manager Trey Yelverton said Vantage hasn’t been the only focus. The city’s expectations have been communicated to all drilling operators in Arlington. 
  
 In other business, the council told parks officials to work both a senior center and a “multigenerational” activities center into the ongoing update of the parks master plan. 
  
 Parks Director Lemuel Randolph estimated the senior center’s cost at $25 million and the all-ages facility at $40 million. He said the master plan was virtually finished in November when a new senior center became a priority. 
  
 About 25 older residents in red T-shirts attended the afternoon session to lend silent support for a stand-alone senior center. Then at the evening council meeting, they weren’t so silent. Several walked to the lectern at the end of the meeting to lobby. 
  
 Elva Roy, head of Age-Friendly Arlington Action Brigade, asked that the city dedicate the last quarter-cent available in the city sales tax to raising money for a senior center, and put the issue on the November election ballot. 
  
 Seniors now use portions of two aging activities center, called Eunice and New York. The seniors want something like the Summit, the $23 million 50-and-over senior center in Grand Prairie that opened in 2010, Roy said. 
  
 “When you walk into the Summit, it’s just so tranquil,” she said. |||||

Summary: