Please answer the following question: Information:  - St. Hanshaugen (Norwegian for St. John's Hill) is a district of the city of Oslo, Norway.  - Rapid transit, also known as heavy rail, metro, subway, tube, or underground, is a type of high-capacity public transport generally found in urban areas. Unlike buses or trams, rapid transit systems are electric railways that operate on an exclusive right-of-way, which cannot be accessed by pedestrians or other vehicles of any sort, and which is often grade separated in tunnels or on elevated railways.  - Akershus Fortress or Akershus Castle is a medieval castle that was built to protect Oslo, the capital of Norway. It has also been used as a prison.  - The Furuset Line is a long line on the Oslo Metro between Hellerud and Ellingsrudåsen in Oslo, Norway. Running mostly underground, it passes through the southern part of Groruddalen, serving neighborhoods in the boroughs of Alna and Furuset. The line is served by Line 2 of the metro with four or eight trains per hour. The line is owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon and operated by Oslo T-banedrift on contract with Ruter using MX3000 trains.  - Norway (; Norwegian: (Bokmål) or (Nynorsk); Sami: "Norgga"), officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a sovereign and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the island Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard. The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom. Norway also lays claim to a section of Antarctica known as Queen Maud Land. Until 1814, the Kingdom included the Faroe Islands (since 1035), Greenland (1261), and Iceland (1262). It also included Shetland and Orkney until 1468. It also included the following provinces, now in Sweden: Jämtland, Härjedalen and Bohuslän.  - Grini is a district in northeastern Bærum, Norway.  - Christian IV (12 April 1577  28 February 1648), sometimes colloquially referred to as Christian Firtal in Denmark and Christian Kvart or Quart in Norway, was king of Denmark-Norway and Duke of Holstein and Schleswig from 1588 to 1648. His 59-year reign is the longest of Danish monarchs, and of Scandinavian monarchies.  - Ruter AS is the public transport authority for Oslo and Akershus counties in Norway. Formally a limited company  60% of the shares in which are owned by the Oslo county municipality and 40% by that of Akershus  it is responsible for administrating, funding, and marketing (but not operating) public transport in the two counties, including buses, the Oslo Metro ("T-banen i Oslo"), Oslo Trams ("Trikken i Oslo"), and ferry services. Ruter also holds agreements with the Norwegian State Railways concerning the regulation of fares on commuter train services operated within the two counties.  - Sporveien T-banen AS is a limited company that is responsible for operating Oslo Metro, the rapid transit in Oslo, Norway. The company is owned by Sporveien, which is owned by the city council. Sporveien operates on a contract with Ruter, the public transport administration in Oslo and Akershus.  - Haakon V Magnusson (10 April 1270 - 8 May 1319) (Old Norse: "Hákon Magnússon"; Norwegian: "Håkon Magnusson") was king of Norway from 1299 until 1319.  - The Oslo Metro (or or simply ) is the rapid transit system of Oslo, Norway, operated by Sporveien T-banen on contract from the transit authority Ruter. The network consists of five lines that all run through the city centre, with a total length of , serving 101 stations of which 17 are underground or indoors. In addition to serving 14 out of the 15 boroughs of Oslo (all except St. Hanshaugen), two lines run to Bærum. In 2015, the system had an annual ridership of 94.4 million.  - Ekraveien is the last Oslo Metro station on the Røa Line within Oslo 's city limits . It is between the stations Røa and Eiksmarka . It was opened 22 December 1948 when the Røa Line was extended to Grini . Ekraveien itself is a road which runs north from the station to Bogstad . The neighborhood around the station is residential , consisting mostly of detached housing .  - The Kolsås Line is line of the Oslo Metro. It branches off from the Røa Line at Smestad Station and runs through western Oslo and Bærum to Kolsås Station. It serves the neighborhoods of Ullernåsen, Øraker, Jar, Bekkestua, Haslum, Gjettum and Kolsås. It is served by Line 3 of the metro at a 15-minute headway. The section from Jar to Bekkestua is build as a dual system with overhead wires, allowing Line 13 of the Oslo Tramway to continue from the Lilleaker Line to Bekkestua every ten minutes.  - A personal union is the combination of two or more states that have the same monarch while their boundaries, laws, and interests remain distinct. It differs from a federation in that each constituent state has an independent government, whereas a unitary state is united by a central government. The ruler in a personal union does not need to be a hereditary monarch.  - History. The introduction of self-government in rural districts was a major political change. The Norwegian farm culture ("bondekultur") that emerged came to serve as a symbol of nationalistic resistance to the forced union with Sweden. The legislation of 1837 gave both the towns and the rural areas the same institutions: a minor change for the town, but a major advance for the rural communities. The significance of this legislation is hailed by a nationalistic historian, Ernst Sars:  - Oslo is the capital and the most populous city in Norway. It constitutes both a county and a municipality. Founded in the year 1040, and established as a "kaupstad" or trading place in 1048 by Harald Hardrada, the city was elevated to a bishopric in 1070 and a capital under Haakon V of Norway around 1300. Personal unions with Denmark from 1397 to 1523 and again from 1536 to 1814 and with Sweden from 1814 to 1905 reduced its influence. After being destroyed by a fire in 1624, the city was moved closer to Akershus Fortress during the reign of Christian IV of Denmark and renamed Christiania in his honour. It was established as a municipality ("formannskapsdistrikt") on 1 January 1838. Following a spelling reform, it was known as Kristiania from 1877 to 1925, at which time its original Norwegian name was restored.  - Akershus is a county in Norway, bordering Hedmark, Oppland, Buskerud, Oslo, and Østfold; it also has a short border with Sweden (Värmland). Akershus, with more than half a million inhabitants, is the second-largest county by population after Oslo. The county is named after Akershus Fortress. The county administration is in Oslo, which is not part of the county "per se".  - Bærum is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Sandvika. Bærum was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838. A suburb of Oslo, Bærum is located on the west coast of the city.  - Røa was a borough of the city of Oslo, Norway up to January 1, 2004, when it became part of the Vestre Aker district.  Røa is also a suburb of Oslo, located approximately 7 kilometers away from downtown Oslo. It primarily consists of duplex houses and apartment blocks as well as single-family detached homes. It also has a small shopping mall.  - The Røa Line is a rapid transit line of the Oslo Metro, Norway, which runs from Majorstuen in Oslo to Østerås in Bærum. It serves neighborhoods such as Smestad, Hovseter, Huseby and Røa in northwestern Oslo, and Grini, Øvrevoll and Østerås in northeastern Bærum. The line is served by Line 2 of the metro, which connects to the city center via the Common Tunnel and onwards along the Furuset Line. The lowest part of the Røa Line, consisting of two stations, is shared with the Kolsås Line, and thus also served by Line 2 of the metro. The Røa Line is owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon, and operated by Oslo T-banedrift on contract with the public transport agency Ruter.  - Harald Sigurdsson (Old Norse: "Haraldr Sigurðarson"; c. 1015  25 September 1066), given the epithet Hardrada ("harðráði", roughly translated as "stern counsel" or "hard ruler") in the sagas, was King of Norway (as Harald III) from 1046 to 1066. In addition, he unsuccessfully claimed the Danish throne until 1064 and the English throne in 1066. Prior to becoming king, Harald had spent around fifteen years in exile as a mercenary and military commander in Kievan Rus' and of the Varangian Guard in the Byzantine Empire.  - The Common Tunnel, sometimes called the Common Line, is a long tunnel of the Oslo Metro which runs through the city center of Oslo, Norway. The name derives from the fact that all six lines of the metro use the tunnel, which runs from Majorstuen to Tøyen. The section has six stations, including the four busiest on the metro.    What object entity has the relation of 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'ekraveien '?   Choices: - akershus  - alna  - antarctica  - bærum  - center  - centre  - denmark  - district  - faroe islands  - furuset  - greenland  - hill  - iceland  - king  - norway  - of  - oppland  - orkney  - oslo  - schleswig  - shetland  - union  - vestre aker  - østfold
Answer: