Article:

Carla del Ponte, member of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria arrives for the report to the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva March 11, 2013. The Syrian government is reportedly using local militias known as Popular Committees to commit mass killings which... 
  
 Chair of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria Paulo Pinheiro pauses before delivering his report to the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva March 11, 2013. The Syrian government is reportedly using local militias known as Popular Committees to commit mass... 
  
 Carla del Ponte, member of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria pauses before the report to the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva March 11, 2013. 
  
 Syrian ambassador to the United Nations Faysal Khabbaz Hamoui greets an unidentified delegate before the report of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria during the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva March 11, 2013. 
  
 Chair of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria Paulo Pinheiro (2L) arrives with members Carla del Ponte (R) Karen Koning Abuzayd (2R) and Vitit Muntarbhorn (L) before their report to the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva March 11, 2013. 
  
 Chair of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria Paulo Pinheiro (L) talks with U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay before the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva March 11, 2013. 
  
 Chair of the Commission of Inquiry on Syria Paulo Pinheiro (L) delivers his report next to U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay during the Human Rights Council at the United Nations in Geneva March 11, 2013. 
  
 GENEVA (Reuters) - The Syrian government has stepped up indiscriminate, heavy bombardments of cities while rebels are executing prisoners condemned in their own makeshift courts without due process, U.N. investigators said on Monday. 
  
 The independent investigators said they were looking into 20 massacres committed by one or the other side and hundreds of "unlawful killings", cases of torture and arbitrary arrests since September in the two-year-old conflict. 
  
 "Indiscriminate and widespread shelling, the regular bombardment of cities, mass killing and the deliberate firing on civilian targets have come to characterize the daily lives of civilians in Syria," Paulo Pinheiro, chairman of the commission of inquiry on Syria, told the U.N. Human Rights Council. 
  
 The uprising in Syria erupted in March 2011 with largely peaceful protests but escalated into a civil war pitting mainly Sunni Muslim rebels against President Bashar al-Assad, whose minority Alawite faith is an offshoot of Shi'ite Islam. 
  
 "In a disturbing and dangerous trend, mass killings allegedly perpetrated by Popular Committees have at times taken on sectarian overtones," the 10-page U.N. report said. "Some appear to have been trained and armed by the government." 
  
 Pro-Assad Popular Committee militiamen have been documented as operating across Syria, "where at times they are alleged to be participating in house-to-house searches, identity checks, mass arrests, looting and acting as informants", it said. 
  
 Karen Koning AbuZayd, an American commissioner, said the committees were formed initially to defend their neighborhoods. "In a way, this is a move by the government to supplement its own manpower as it begins to lose some of the (regular military) manpower that it used to have," she told a news conference. 
  
 Syrian Ambassador Faysal Khabbaz Hamoui dismissed the report as based on "partial information from untrustworthy sources" and accused Qatar and Turkey of "supporting terrorism" in Syria. 
  
 Related Coverage › Lebanon says world must shoulder Syrian refugee burden 
  
 "There is a conspiracy against Syria. Qatar has financed and armed tens of thousands of mercenaries from 30 countries. Turkey has provided the military bases and sent them into Syria on their jihad," he told the Geneva forum. 
  
 "SECTARIAN ELEMENTS" 
  
 "We are not saying that it is a sectarian war but we call attention to sectarian elements in the present conflict," Pinheiro said. Foreign fighters from more than a dozen countries are estimated to comprise less than 10 percent of the opposition forces fighting the Assad government, he said. 
  
 "We don't want to contribute to a paranoia that Syria is being invaded by foreign fighters. But they have a lot of skills and have been very successful in spreading acts of terror inside Syria," said Pinheiro. 
  
 More than 1 million Syrian refugees have fled abroad and 2.5 million are uprooted within the country, while more than 70,000 people have been killed in the war, the United Nations says. 
  
 The war is mired in a "destructive stalemate, amid heavy shelling and air raids by government forces, the report said. 
  
 Both sides have committed violations against civilians, the U.N. investigators said. They are investigating about 20 cases of massacre, including three in Homs at the start of the year, despite their lack of access to the country. 
  
 They said rebel forces often execute captured Syrian soldiers and militiamen and have established detention centers in Homs and Aleppo. Rebels had also taken up positions in or near densely-populated areas, in violation of international law. 
  
 "There is an intensification of violations because the war is worsening. You have to look at the totality of the panorama - the murders, the arbitrary arrests and all of it," said Vitit Muntarbhorn, a commission member from Thailand. 
  
 "Some groups are exercising or trying to exercise civilian authority without due process of law. So we have allegations for example of sentences being imposed on various people, arrested and captured soldiers and so on, without due process and then being executed, as well as some families," Muntarbhorn said, noting that these were war crimes under the Geneva Convention. 
  
 The European Union and United States denounced continuing crimes and said that those responsible must be held accountable. 
  
 The U.N. investigators said that they would give a secret third list of suspects in a sealed envelope to High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay with a view to future prosecutions. 
  
 Carla del Ponte, a former U.N. war crimes prosecutor who tried ex-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic, is on the panel. Speaking in Italian to reporters, she said: "Sooner or later the International Criminal Court must be seized of the matter. 
  
 "I don't think that high-ranking political and military officials can be judged in their own country. We have seen, we have experience, we know that with a president of a nation, it is difficult for countries to put him on trial." 
  
 (Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Mark Heinrich) ||||| Few civilian areas in Syria remain untouched by the country’s two-year civil war and more than 2.5 million people have been displaced internally, according to the United Nations Independent Commission of Inquiry on Syria. 
  
 “Over the past two months, there has been a dramatic erosion of areas inside Syria where civilians are able to live unaffected by the violence and destruction caused by the conflict,” the panel told the Human Rights Council in Geneva today, according to an advance copy of its presentation. 
  
 In its latest report, which covers Jan. 15 to March 3, the commission said the collapse of Syria’s economy has crippled citizens’ access to basic economic and social rights. The conflict between troops loyal to President Bashar al-Assad and anti-government rebels has led to shortages of fuel, electricity, water and medicine that have been compounded by international sanctions, according to the commission. 
  
 The panel is charged with investigating alleged violations of international law and all massacres in Syria. More than 70,000 people have been killed since the conflict broke out in March 2011 and UN High Commissioner for RefugeesAntonio Guterres said on March 6 that 1 million Syrians had fled to Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey and other countries. 
  
 “The scope of the humanitarian crisis in Syria remains of grave concern,” the commission said. “The education system in many areas is in tatters. Prices for basic necessities have increased exponentially. There has been significant damage to the country’s infrastructure.” 
  
 Hospitals Targeted 
  
 Medical personnel and hospitals have been “deliberately targeted” and are treated by both sides in the conflict as military objectives, the commission said. “Medical access has been denied on real or perceived political and sectarian grounds,” it said. 
  
 “The urgent need for a political solution cannot be overstated,” the commission said. “A failure to resolve this increasingly violent conflict will condemn Syria, the region and the millions of civilians caught in the crossfire to an unimaginably bleak future.” 
  
 The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs estimates that at least four million people are in need of assistance. 
  
 To contact the reporter on this story: Jennifer M. Freedman in Geneva at jfreedman@bloomberg.net 
  
 To contact the editor responsible for this story: James Hertling at jhertling@bloomberg.net |||||
What is a summary?