Article:
California's governor has been asked to make the final decision on whether a former Charles Manson follower will be released on parole after serving more than 40 years in prison. 
  
 The state's Board of Parole Hearings submitted to Gov. Jerry Brown its recommendation that Bruce Davis is suitable for parole. The documents were submitted Friday, one day ahead of the deadline, according to California Department of Corrections spokeswoman Terry Thornton. 
  
 The board's attorneys were required to review the findings of a two-member panel which ruled he was suitable for parole. They confirmed there were no errors of fact or law in the submission. 
  
 The governor has up to 30 days to make a decision. His options are to affirm, decline, modify or decline to review, which would allow the parole to take effect, Thornton said. 
  
 Davis, now 70, was convicted with cult leader Manson and another man in the killings of a musician and a stuntman. He was not involved in the infamous Sharon Tate murders. 
  
 Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger rejected a previous parole recommendation for Davis. 
  
 Los Angeles District Attorney Jackie Lacey sent a letter to the board last week opposing Davis' release. 
  
 Davis was 30 when he was sentenced to life in prison in 1972, in a case that was a postscript to Manson's notorious reign as leader of the murderous communal cult known as the Manson family. 
  
 Davis long maintained that he was a bystander in the killings of the two men, but in recent years, he has acknowledged his shared responsibility. 
  
 A recent photo released by CDCR shows a gray-haired, wrinkled man smiling for the camera. 
  
 If he is freed, Davis will go to transitional housing associated with religious groups in Los Angeles County. 
  
 Davis became a born-again Christian in prison and ministered to other inmates, married a woman he met through the prison ministry, and has a grown daughter. The couple recently divorced. 
  
 Davis also earned a master's degree and a doctorate in philosophy of religion. 
  
 Manson and three of his followers, Leslie Van Houten, Patricia Krenwinkel and Charles "Tex" Watson, remain in prison for life in the Tate killings. Their co-defendant, Susan Atkins, died of cancer behind bars in 2009. ||||| Los Angeles & SoCal News Los Angeles & SoCal News More>> 
  
 7-Year-Old Girl Given A New Prosthetic Hand Made By A 3D Printer 7-Year-Old Girl Given A New Prosthetic Hand Made By A 3D Printer Build It Workspace is a storefront in Los Alamitos, where hobbyists and amateur engineer types can build all kinds of crafts and gadgets by using consumer friendly 3D printers. But now, that little storefront has stepped into a whole new spotlight, actually building a left hand and forearms for a 7-year-old girl. Build It Workspace is a storefront in Los Alamitos, where hobbyists and amateur engineer types can build all kinds of crafts and gadgets by using consumer friendly 3D printers. But now, that little storefront has stepped into a whole new spotlight, actually building a left hand and forearms for a 7-year-old girl. 
  
 70 Acre Vegetation Fire in Apple Valley; Mandatory Evacuations Lifted 70 Acre Vegetation Fire in Apple Valley; Mandatory Evacuations Lifted There is a 70-acre vegetation brush fire in Apple Valley. It started in the riverbed of the Mojave Narrows Regional Park. The fire is 30 percent contained and the mandatory evacuations have been lifted. There is a 70-acre vegetation brush fire in Apple Valley. It started in the riverbed of the Mojave Narrows Regional Park. The fire is 30 percent contained and the mandatory evacuations have been lifted. 
  
  
  
 Under Investigation: A UCLA Undie Run Incident Under Investigation: A UCLA Undie Run Incident Clinton Clad-Johnson still can't believe what happened last Spring Quarter. It was the Wednesday night of finals week in June. "Undie Run" night! Clad-Johnson and thousands of others were doing what Bruins had done for many years. To relieve the stress of exam week they stripped down to their undies and ran like crazy. Clinton Clad-Johnson still can't believe what happened last Spring Quarter. It was the Wednesday night of finals week in June. "Undie Run" night! Clad-Johnson and thousands of others were doing what Bruins had done for many years. To relieve the stress of exam week they stripped down to their undies and ran like crazy. 
  
 Rideshare Companies Uber and Wingz Get Permits For OC Airport Pickups Rideshare Companies Uber and Wingz Get Permits For OC Airport Pickups John Wayne Airport travelers have a couple of new options to call for rides from the airport. Airport officials today issued permits for two ridesharing companies -- Uber and Wingz, according to airport public relations manager Jenny Wedge. John Wayne Airport travelers have a couple of new options to call for rides from the airport. Airport officials today issued permits for two ridesharing companies -- Uber and Wingz, according to airport public relations manager Jenny Wedge. 
  
 Cesar Chavez Day Honored With Union Rally Cesar Chavez Day Honored With Union Rally Labor leaders are marching and rallying in support of unionization for workers at the Los Angeles Produce Market and comprehensive immigration reform, with a path to citizenship. Labor leaders are marching and rallying in support of unionization for workers at the Los Angeles Produce Market and comprehensive immigration reform, with a path to citizenship. 
  
 Street Vendors Rally To Protest Police Harassment Street Vendors Rally To Protest Police Harassment Activists are protesting the Los Angeles Police Department's treatment of street vendors today in response to what they say is a rise in police harassment even as city leaders are weighing a possible street vendor permitting program. Activists are protesting the Los Angeles Police Department's treatment of street vendors today in response to what they say is a rise in police harassment even as city leaders are weighing a possible street vendor permitting program. 
  
 Residents Concerned Over Reopened Route Into Griffith Park Residents Concerned Over Reopened Route Into Griffith Park When you see it up close, or at least up closer, it is impressive. The iconic Hollywood sign, visible for miles in the hills, is one of L.A's biggest attractions, the problem is, if you want to get near it, to take the proverbial selfie so that it actually shows up, it's difficult. When you see it up close, or at least up closer, it is impressive. The iconic Hollywood sign, visible for miles in the hills, is one of L.A's biggest attractions, the problem is, if you want to get near it, to take the proverbial selfie so that it actually shows up, it's difficult. 
  
  ||||| Serial killer Charles Manson A new prison photo of the 77-year-old cult leader Charles Manson emerged Thursday just before his next scheduled parole hearing at the state prison in Corcoran, Calif. Back in 1969, Manson led the group known as the Manson Family, which murdered eight people, including film director Roman Polanski's pregnant wife Sharon Tate. 
  
 An attorney for one of the members of Charles Manson's violent cult said decades ago the group's leader committed more murders, according to a report. 
  
 MyFoxLA.com reports Bill Boyd, who represented Manson family member and convicted murderer Charles "Tex" Watson, said Watson told him Manson had committed other murders besides the 1969 killings of actress Sharon Tate and six others. 
  
 "He told me about a bunch of other people Manson had killed," Boyd said of Watson. 
  
 Boyd reportedly made the comments in an interview with an author about the murders, and MyFoxLA.com recently received an audiotape of the interview. 
  
 Boyd also says on the tape Watson did not implicate himself, saying the murders Watson allegedly spoke of were unrelated to the ones Watson was involved in. 
  
 Boyd, who died in 2009, said he had over 20 hours of recordings of interviews with Watson. MyFoxLA.com reports the LAPD is now seeking to get the tapes, which are tied up in Texas bankruptcy court. 
  
 The news comes as California's governor has been asked to make the final decision on whether a former Manson follower will be released on parole after serving more than 40 years in prison. 
  
 The state's Board of Parole Hearings submitted to Gov. Jerry Brown its recommendation that Bruce Davis is suitable for parole. The documents were submitted Friday, one day ahead of the deadline, according to California Department of Corrections spokeswoman Terry Thornton. 
  
 The governor has up to 30 days to make a decision. His options are to affirm, decline, modify or decline to review, which would allow the parole to take effect, Thornton said. 
  
 Davis, now 70, was convicted with cult leader Manson and another man in the killings of a musician and a stuntman, which happened after the most notorious of the family's crimes. 
  
 Manson and three of his followers, Leslie Van Houten, Patricia Krenwinkel and Watson, remain in prison for life in the Tate killings. Their co-defendant, Susan Atkins, died of cancer behind bars in 2009. 
  
 Click for more from MyFoxLA.com. 
  
 The Associated Press contributed to this report. |||||Summary: