Baroness Margaret Thatcher appears to have been well-liked across the pond, as many American politicians have reflected on their respect of the now-deceased British leader. Among her admirers is former First Lady Nancy Reagan, the widow of President Ronald Reagan - who worked closely with the so-called Iron Lady. Reagan and Thatcher joined forces in the early 1980s and drastically changed the economic and political landscapes in both of their countries. Scroll down for video. 'Special relationship': Former First Lady Nancy Reagan (seen here in 1991) said she was too frail to attend Mrs Thatcher's funeral but she mourned her loss. Their calls for more-austere government and lower taxes still resonate with conservatives on both sides of the Atlantic. And their side-by-side standing up to. Soviet communism is credited by those of all political stripes as. hastening the end of the Cold War. Dynamic duo: Reagan and Thatcher's calls for more-austere government and lower taxes still resonate with conservatives on both sides of the Atlantic. Speaking to MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell yesterday, Mrs Reagan said that it wasn't just her husband who got along well with Mrs Thatcher, but she did as well. 'We had a very special relationship,' Mrs Reagan said via phone. 'I think people thought she and I didn't have a relationship. Nothing could be farther from the truth. And of course I loved it that she and Ronnie were as close as they were.' Also singing Thatcher's praises was President Barack Obama, who said that America 'has lost a true friend.' The kind words came amid the revelation that Thatcher died in the luxury suite at the Ritz where she had spent months recuperating after an operation. Britain's first and only female prime minister, who passed away peacefully at the age of 87 after suffering a massive stroke, had checked into the five star hotel at the start of the year following minor surgery on her bladder over Christmas. While a close-knit circle of friends. took it in turns to visit the increasingly frail 87-year-old at the. Belgravia hotel - a long-time favorite of the former leader's - it was a. solitary start to what would prove to be her final few months. She had been due to spend Christmas Day. with her niece Jane Mays, who lives in north east London, but was. admitted to hospital five days earlier for minor surgery to remove a. growth on her bladder. Iron Lady: Baroness Thatcher, who died today, was pictured on a bench in Battersea Park, London with her carers and a police officer. Ritz: Media and police were gathered outside the five star Ritz Hotel in London today, where Baroness Thatcher died after suffering a massive stroke. Her daughter Carol Thatcher, 59, was understood to be at her side in the hospital at Christmas time. After being discharged Baroness Thatcher was checked straight into a suite at the hotel in Belgravia amid concerns she would no longer be able to manage the stairs at her elegant four-story mansion. Staff at the hotel had invited her to make the Ritz her home for the foreseeable future, and her carers are understood to have been taking it in turns to stay with the 87-year-old. Yesterday Carol dashed home from Swiss ski resort Klosters, where she lives for part of the year, to be with her ailing mother, her neighbours said. The mother of two, who was Britain's. first and only female prime minister, had spent the previous two. Christmases without either Carol or her twin brother Sir Mark. Close. friends of the former prime minister said after she was discharged that. she was in 'sparkling form' following the procedure, but admitted the. experience had been 'very draining' for her. Home life: The former prime minister had spent recent Christmases without her children Carol (pictured with her mother) and Mark. The spell in hospital followed more than a decade of fragile health for Baroness Thatcher after she suffered a series of minor strokes in 2002. She had been suffering from acute short-term memory loss, which could make social gatherings an unsettling experience, and in recent years the once formidable Iron Lady had all but disappeared from public view. Alongside her health issues, in 2003 Baroness Thatcher suffered the devastating loss of her husband Denis, 88, who she had described as the 'golden thread running through my life.' The life-altering loss heralded the. start of a new chapter in her life, one in which she appeared to spend. increasing periods of time without her close family around her. Loved ones: Family was said to be essential in the life of Baroness Thatcher, who was mother to Carol, left, who rushed home from a ski trip in Klosters, Switzerland, yesterday, and Sir Mark, right. 'Golden thread': Baroness Thatcher's husband Denis died in 2003 at the age of 88 after suffering heart problems and pancreatic cancer. Although she was a mother of two, it was. with Mrs Mayes - the daughter of Baroness Thatcher's late older sister. Muriel - that she had been due to spend last Christmas before she fell. ill. She dined with Mrs Mayes and her family on Christmas Day 2011, while both Carol and Mark spent the festive season abroad. The former prime minister had credited her husband, who was 10 years her senior, as the man 'who has made everything possible.' Honoured: Baroness Thatcher will receive a ceremonial funeral with military honours, Downing Street has said. She met her husband while fighting the Dartford constituency - which she lost - in 1950. Denis, the director of a paint firm, helped the fledgeling politician by driving her around. They married in the autumn of 1951 when Baroness Thatcher was 26. As she went on to embark upon a career at the highest echelons of British politics, she relied on Denis as a constant source of discreet support. The pair had enjoyed an marriage lasting more than 50 years, but Baroness Thatcher's family life was not without moments of crisis. Some months after the death of her. husband she endured a second personal trauma when their son, Sir Mark,. was charged in August 2004 with plotting a coup to overthrow the. Government of oil-rich Equatorial Guinea - a charge which could, in its. extreme, have led to the death penalty. Baroness Thatcher, already suffering ill health, was deeply upset by the news about her son, to whom she was devoted. To her intense relief, he entered a guilty plea and was punished with a large fine and a suspended prison sentence. Baroness Thatcher was well enough to. celebrate her 87th birthday with Sir Mark, 59, and his wife at a London. restaurant last October. She had also enjoyed robust health during her term as Prime Minister. Unlike. her predecessor at 10 Downing Street, James Callaghan, Mrs Thatcher did. not have a doctor accompanying her on foreign trips. Days gone by: The then Conservative Party leader is seen strolling through the grounds of Scotney Castle in Kent with husband Denis and their twins Mark and Carol in 1979. Upsetting: Sir Mark is seen outside the High Court in Cape Town in 2004, after pleading guilty to charges of plotting a coup to overthrow the government of Equatorial Guinea. Once, when she was asked by Lee Kuan Yew, who was prime minister of Singapore, why she did not travel with a doctor, she replied: 'I would have ended up looking after the doctor'. But in the past decade, she had become increasing frail. In 2002, she made her first concession to increasing age when she cut back her workload on the advice of doctors. Concern about her health had been growing and it emerged she had suffered a minor stroke shortly before New Year 2002 during her golden wedding anniversary holiday with Sir Denis Thatcher in Madeira. The series of minor strokes forced her to retire from public speaking. Despite this, in May 2004 - the 25th anniversary of her election as Prime Minister - she defied doctors' orders to speak at a dinner held in her honour, attacking the Blair Government and praising Michael Howard, then Tory leader. In 2008, Lady Thatcher succumbed to the heat at a dinner in the House of Lords and fainted. She was taken to nearby St Thomas's Hospital for tests, but was allowed to go home the following day. Recuperation: Baroness Thatcher started the year convalescing at the Ritz in central London after undergoing minor surgery over Christmas. Tributes: Notes and bouquets were piling up outside the former prime minister's home in London following the news of her death today. That year her daughter Carol admitted that her mother suffered from dementia. She said she first noticed her mother's previously formidable memory was failing in 2000 and she had to be repeatedly. reminded about the death of her husband, each time reacting to the sad. news as if it were the first time she had heard it. Baroness Thatcher died after. suffering from a stroke - a condition which kills around 45,000 people. every year in the UK - and is the third largest cause of death, after. heart disease and cancer. The risk of stroke rises. significantly with age. And 40,000 of those who die each year are over. the age of 75, according to the Stroke Association. Although men have a higher risk of stroke, women are one and a half times as likely to die from one.

Write highlights for this article.