News article:

Paul Ryan has been seeking the group's endorsement. | AP Photo Ryan to proceed with speaker bid He says he's prepared to move ahead despite not securing the formal endorsement of the Freedom Caucus. 
  
 Rep. Paul Ryan will proceed with plans to run for House speaker despite not securing the formal endorsement of the House Freedom Caucus. 
  
 Ryan's decision, which came after a high-stakes meeting with the group of hard-line conservatives earlier in the day, all but ensures that the Ways and Means Committee chairman will succeed John Boehner as Republican leader at the end of the month. 
  
 Story Continued Below 
  
 “I’m grateful for the support of a supermajority of the House Freedom Caucus. I look forward to hearing from the other two caucuses by the end of the week, but I believe this is a positive step toward a unified Republican team,” Ryan said in a statement. 
  
 Roughly two-thirds of Freedom Caucus members vowed to back Ryan for the top leadership job during a meeting of the group Wednesday night. Its internal rules, however, dictate that 80 percent of members are needed to issue a formal endorsement. 
  
 Ryan had said Tuesday night that he would not run for speaker without the backing of all the major caucuses in the Republican Conference. But the difference within the House Freedom Caucus between an actual endorsement and overwhelming support was not enough to deter Ryan from seeking the job. 
  
 "We tried to reach a consensus but we were not able to reach the 80 percent threshold," said Freedom Caucus board member Rep. Raúl Labrador of Idaho, referring to the threshold needed to endorse a candidate. "There is some consensus that it's time for us to move forward. We're trying to move forward in a positive way. It's an offer of support." 
  
 The prospect of a Speaker Ryan clearly splintered the group that caused Boehner constant headaches in the job and ultimately push him to resign. 
  
 Rep. Tim Huelskamp, a Republican from Kansas, said he has no intention of voting for Ryan. He said Florida Rep. Daniel Webster, the group's earlier pick for the job, has a longer record than Ryan of reforming legislators and provided a clear plan to “empower our members.” Webster was the speaker of the House in Florida. 
  
 Ryan declared that he wants the endorsements of the Freedom Caucus, the moderate Tuesday Group and the Republican Study Committee before mounting his bid. The RSC will endorse Ryan, sources in the group said, and the Tuesday Group is sure to as well. 
  
 House Freedom Caucus leaders have been leaning in Ryan’s favor since he announced Tuesday that he’d run for speaker under several conditions. Lawmakers like Reps. Jim Jordan of Ohio, Mark Meadows of North Carolina and Marlin Stutzman of Indiana wanted the caucus to endorse Ryan, sources said, but were unsure the entire conservative group would get behind him. 
  
 “He has the votes. If the man wants to be speaker, I think he now has the votes to do it," Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.) said before Ryan announced he would proceed. 
  
 Stutzman said he began whipping his fellow Freedom Caucus members throughout the day Wednesday to support Ryan, who is widely considered at the only Republican able to secure 218 votes in an election of the full House. 
  
 “Paul Ryan is completely capable and is willing to make some of the changes we need. I trust Paul Ryan,” Stutzman said. 
  
 There are still some issues the Freedom Caucus wants to hammer out. Ryan initially proposed broad changes to a procedural move called a "motion to vacate,” which essentially allows a rank-and-file member to attempt to oust the speaker. Conservatives balked when they thought Ryan wanted to do away with that rule, but Ryan later clarified he meant changing the vote threshold — a compromise Freedom Caucus sources said they’re willing make. 
  
 There will also be discussion about other changes to House rules, but the Freedom Caucus members who agreed to back Ryan did so without any formal pledges from him on reforms. 
  
 Even Labrador — who said he will vote for Ryan on the floor — cautioned that the process would be an ongoing conversation for the Freedom Caucus. 
  
 “This is not about crowning a king, this is about working together,” he said. 
  
 The Republican Conference and then the full House are scheduled to vote for speaker next week. ||||| The House Freedom Caucus (HFC) stopped short of formally endorsing Rep. Paul Ryan for Speaker on Wednesday but said a “super-majority” of the group backs him, handing the Wisconsin Republican enough votes to win the top leadership post. 
  
 About two-thirds of the conservative group backs Ryan for the Speakership — just shy of the 80 percent threshold needed for the caucus to issue a formal endorsement, said Rep. Raúl Labrador (R-Idaho), a co-founder and spokesman for the roughly 40-member bloc of conservatives. 
  
 “A super-majority of the Freedom Caucus has agreed to support Paul Ryan,” Labrador told reporters after an hour-long, closed-door caucus meeting. "The ball is now in Paul Ryan's court.” 
  
 ADVERTISEMENT Ryan, the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee who has served for the past year in his dream job as Ways and Means Committee chairman, said he was grateful for the overwhelming support from the Freedom Caucus and signaled he was moving forward with his bid. 
  
 “I look forward to hearing from the other two caucuses by the end of the week, but I believe this is a positive step toward a unified Republican team,” Ryan said in a statement. 
  
 Earlier this week, Ryan said he wouldn't launch a bid for Speaker unless he won endorsements from three major GOP caucuses: the HFC, Republican Study Committee (RSC) and the centrist Tuesday Group. 
  
 Both the RSC and Tuesday Group are expected to back Ryan. He meets with the Tuesday Group at 10 a.m. on Thursday. 
  
 “My guess is he could still get 230-plus votes, and in this environment that is remarkable,” Rep. Luke Messer (R-Ind.), a Ryan backer and a member of the GOP leadership team, told The Hill on Wednesday night. 
  
 “He’s the best person to lead us forward, and despite some of the media portrayal, he has repeatedly expressed a willingness to change the way we do business,” Messer added. 
  
 Outgoing Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) set an internal election to nominate his successor for Oct. 29, with a formal floor vote a day later. Boehner said he plans to resign from Congress in the middle of his third term as Speaker on Oct. 30 after the HFC threatened to force a vote to remove him from power. 
  
 Numerous HFC members predicted Wednesday's vote would be the last the group will take on the question of Ryan's speakership. 
  
 Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) said Ryan now has sufficient support to win the Speakership — he needs just 218 votes to win a simple majority of the entire House. 
  
 HFC members said they did not accede to one of Ryan's key demands: watering down a procedural tactic that allows members to call for a vote to oust a sitting Speaker. 
  
 But lawmakers exiting Wednesday night’s meeting said they had no problem with Ryan’s request to cut back on weekend fundraising trips to spend time with his young family. 
  
 There is some disagreement within the HFC about what Wednesday's vote means for the group's earlier endorsement of Rep. Daniel Webster (R-Fla.). Amash, another HFC co-founder, said the caucus has not strayed from its initial position. 
  
 "We haven't rescinded our endorsements, but we've made a statement of support” for Ryan, Amash said. 
  
 Rep. John Fleming (R-La.), however, interpreted Wednesday's actions differently, saying the Webster endorsement "is negated by this" vote on Ryan. 
  
 Ryan received roughly 70 percent of the HFC votes, according to several lawmakers. That falls short of the 80 percent threshold to formally endorse a candidate, Amash said, but he called it “a high number.” 
  
 "Paul appears to have sufficient support to become the next Speaker of the House, even if there is a minority of House Freedom Caucus members who don't support his bid," Amash added. "He'll have to make the decision on how he proceeds." 
  
 Fleming agreed. 
  
 "We have a supermajority that's supporting him, will vote for him," he said. "Whether he moves forward is up to him." 
  
 Fleming clarified that the figures represent the percentages of the total number of HFC members, not just those in attendance Wednesday night. He put the total membership of the group at 39 lawmakers, with Wednesday's attendance in "the 30s." 
  
 Amash said, "Roughly all of our members voted. … It's possible there was a member or two that was absent today." He said he doesn't know the exact number of votes Ryan fell short, but "it's a small number.” 
  
 The HFC released a statement Wednesday night calling Ryan “a policy entrepreneur who has developed conservative reforms dealing with a wide variety of subjects.” 
  
 “While no consensus exists among members of the House Freedom Caucus regarding Chairman Ryan's preconditions for serving,” the group said, “we believe that these issues can be resolved within our Conference in due time.” 
  
 Updated at 9:38 p.m. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?