Answer the following question: Information:  - FOREST (short for "Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco") is a United Kingdom political pressure group which campaigns against tobacco control activity.  - A movie theater or movie theatre (also called a cinema) is a venue, usually a building, that contains an auditorium for viewing films (also called movies or motion pictures), for entertainment. Most, but not all, movie theaters are commercial operations catering to the general public, who attend by purchasing a ticket. Some movie theaters, however, are operated by non-profit organizations or societies which charge members a membership fee to view films.  - Montreal officially Montréal in both Canadian English and French, is the most populous municipality in Quebec and the 2nd-most populous in Canada. Originally called "Ville-Marie", or "City of Mary," it is named after Mount Royal, the triple-peaked hill in the heart of the city. The city is on the Island of Montreal, which took its name from the same source as the city, and a few much smaller peripheral islands, the largest of which is Île Bizard. It has a distinct four-season continental climate with warm to hot summers and cold snowy winters.  - A movie palace (or picture palace in the United Kingdom) is any of the large, elaborately decorated movie theaters built between the 1910s and the 1940s. The late 1920s saw the peak of the movie palace, with hundreds opened every year between 1925 and 1930. With the advent of television, movie attendance dropped and many movie palaces were razed or converted into multiple screen venues or performing arts centers.  - Quebec (pronounced or ) is the second-most populous province of Canada and the only one to have a predominantly French-speaking population, with French as the sole provincial official language.  - Quebec City (pronounced or ) officially Québec) is the capital city of the Canadian province of Quebec. In 2015 the city had a population estimate of 545,485, and the metropolitan area had a population of 806,400, making it Canada's seventh-largest metropolitan area and Quebec's second-largest city after Montreal, which is about to the southwest.   - The Rialto Theatre is a former movie palace located on Park Avenue , Montreal , Quebec , Canada . It is designated as a National Historic Site of Canada . Constructed in 1923 - 1924 and designed by Montreal architect Joseph - Raoul Gariépy , who specialized in theatre and hospital projects , the Rialto was inspired by Neo-baroque - style Paris Opera House . The interior was designed by Emmanuel Briffa , designer of over sixty Canadian movie houses , in the Louis XVI style . The Rialto operated as a cinema until the 1990s . The Rialto Theatre underwent many changes since 2000 . All the theatre seats were removed and attempts were even made to convert it into a steakhouse . After nearly thirty years of ownership the owner , Louis Calogeras , was finally able to sell it in March 2010 to Le Groupe Merveilles Inc. , and its owners Ezio Carosielli and Luisa Sassano.They have indicated an intention to protect and restore its unique architecture .  - In physical geography, tundra is a type of biome where the tree growth is hindered by low temperatures and short growing seasons. The term "tundra" comes through Russian  ("tûndra") from the Kildin Sami word "tndâr" "uplands", "treeless mountain tract". There are three types of tundra: Arctic tundra, alpine tundra, and Antarctic tundra. In tundra, the vegetation is composed of dwarf shrubs, sedges and grasses, mosses, and lichens. Scattered trees grow in some tundra regions. The ecotone (or ecological boundary region) between the tundra and the forest is known as the tree line or timberline.  - Vancouver, officially the City of Vancouver, is a coastal seaport city on the mainland of British Columbia, Canada, and the most populous city in the province.  - Canada (French: ) is a country in the northern half of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area and the fourth-largest country by land area. Canada's border with the United States is the world's longest land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. About four-fifths of the country's population of 36 million people is urbanized and live near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, its largest city is Toronto; other major urban areas include Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary, Edmonton, Quebec City, Winnipeg and Hamilton.  - Mount Royal is a large volcanic-related hill or small mountain in the city of Montreal, immediately west of downtown Montreal, Quebec (in Canada), the city to which it gave its name.  - Winnipeg is the capital and largest city of the province of Manitoba in Canada. It is located near the longitudinal centre of North America, at the confluence of the Red and Assiniboine Rivers.  - Toronto is the most populous city in Canada, the provincial capital of Ontario, and the centre of the Greater Toronto Area, the most populous metropolitan area in Canada. Growing in population, the 2011 census recorded a population of 2,615,060. As of 2015, the population is now estimated at 2,826,498, making Toronto the fourth-largest city in North America based on the population within its city limits. Toronto trails only Mexico City, New York City, and Los Angeles by this measure, while it is the fifth-largest (behind also Chicago) if ranked by the size of its metropolitan area . An established global city, Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, and culture, and widely recognized as one of the most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities in the world.  - Edmonton is the capital city of the Canadian province of Alberta. Edmonton is on the North Saskatchewan River and is the centre of the Edmonton Capital Region, which is surrounded by Alberta's central region.  - The Rocky Mountains, commonly known as the Rockies, are a major mountain range in western North America. The Rocky Mountains stretch more than from the northernmost part of British Columbia, in western Canada, to New Mexico, in the southwestern United States. Within the North American Cordillera, the Rockies are somewhat distinct from the Pacific Coast Ranges and the Cascade Range and Sierra Nevada which all lie further to the west.  - The Island of Montreal, in southwestern Quebec, Canada, is located at the confluence of the Saint Lawrence and Ottawa rivers. It is separated from Île Jésus (Laval) by the Rivière des Prairies.  - Calgary is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. It is situated at the confluence of the Bow River and the Elbow River in the south of the province, in an area of foothills and prairie, about east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies. In the 2011 census, the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839, making it the largest city in Alberta, and the third-largest municipality and fifth-largest census metropolitan area (CMA) in Canada.  - Île Bizard is an island near the Island of Montreal in the Hochelaga Archipelago region.  - Ottawa is the capital city of Canada. It stands on the south bank of the Ottawa River in the eastern portion of southern Ontario. Ottawa borders Gatineau, Quebec; the two form the core of the OttawaGatineau census metropolitan area (CMA) and the National Capital Region (NCR). The 2011 census reported a population of 883,391, making it the fourth-largest city in Canada; and 1,236,324 within the CMA, making it the fourth-largest CMA in Canada. The City of Ottawa reported that the city had an estimated population of 960,754 as of December 2015.  - An official language is a language that is given a special legal status in a particular country, state, or other jurisdiction. Typically a country's official language refers to the language used within government (e.g., courts, parliament, administration). Since "the means of expression of a people cannot be changed by any law", the term "official language" does not typically refer to the language used by a people or country, but by its government.    What object entity has the relation of 'instance of' with the subject 'rialto theatre '?   Choices: - activity  - archipelago  - area  - border  - bow  - capital  - census  - charge  - cinema  - city  - coast  - confluence  - cordillera  - country  - culture  - dwarf  - fee  - forest  - geography  - global city  - government  - group  - hill  - island  - jurisdiction  - language  - los angeles  - metropolitan area  - mountain  - mountain range  - movie palace  - movie theater  - municipality  - name  - official  - pacific coast ranges  - palace  - parliament  - part  - performing arts  - population  - province  - province of canada  - range  - region  - saint  - seaport  - season  - sierra  - sierra nevada  - size  - status  - term  - theater  - three  - tree  - two  - venue  - ville
Answer: