Information:  - A castle (from ) is a type of fortified structure built in Europe and the Middle East during the Middle Ages by nobility. Scholars debate the scope of the word "castle", but usually consider it to be the private fortified residence of a lord or noble. This is distinct from a palace, which is not fortified; from a fortress, which was not always a residence for nobility; and from a fortified settlement, which was a public defence  though there are many similarities among these types of construction. Usage of the term has varied over time and has been applied to structures as diverse as hill forts and country houses. Over the approximately 900 years that castles were built, they took on a great many forms with many different features, although some, such as curtain walls and arrowslits, were commonplace.  - Schio is a town and comune in the province of Vicenza (region of Veneto, northern Italy) situated North of Vicenza and East of the Lake of Garda. It is surrounded by the Little Dolomites (Italian Prealps) and Mount Pasubio."'"Which is Sheridan more like, Mantova or Verona or Vicenza? It isn't like any of those. It is right up against the mountains, almost like Schio." "Ernest Hemingway" History. Its name comes from Latin: escletum was a wood of oaks and it was first used in a document of some Benedictines from Vicenza. The first settlements were around two old hills, where now there are respectively the ruins of an old castle and a majestic neoclassical cathedral.  - An all-terrain vehicle (ATV), also known as a quad, quad bike, three-wheeler, four-wheeler, or quadricycle as defined by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) is a vehicle that travels on low-pressure tires, with a seat that is straddled by the operator, along with handlebars for steering control. As the name implies, it is designed to handle a wider variety of terrain than most other vehicles. Although it is a street-legal vehicle in some countries, it is not street-legal within most states and provinces of Australia, the United States or Canada.  - A moped (/mopd/ MOH-ped) is a small motorcycle, generally having a less stringent licensing requirement than motorcycles or automobiles because mopeds typically travel about the same speed as bicycles on public roadways. Strictly speaking, mopeds are driven by both an engine and by bicycle pedals, but in common usage and in many jurisdictions the term moped is used for similar vehicles including a scooter, though this is quite erroneous. Mopeds occasionally resemble powered bicycles, more commonly called a motorized bicycle, though since ca. 2006 there has been a glut of engine kits shipped from China (although Tanaka had offered drive kits since the 1960s) designed in theory to transform a standard bicycle into a motor vehicle but lacking the benefit of proper brakes and lighting. In addition, the added stresses can cause the rear rim to warp, and the spokes to break, and if the engine is the least bit out of alignment the drive chain will come off the drive sprocket, causing the rim to warp and the spokes to break, as well as lodging the chain in the chainstay and causing injury to the operator. Some mopeds are of a step-through type design, while others are step-over, or "top tank", designs, having a motorcycle-like frame, including a "backbone" and a raised fuel tank (known as a "top tank" among moped enthusiasts), mounted directly between the saddle and the head tube. Most are similar to a regular motorcycle, only having the addition of pedals, in which the rider can both manually power the vehicle through a bicycle-like crankset in addition to a small displacement engine. Although mopeds usually have two wheels, some regions classify low-powered three- or (rarely) four-wheeled vehicles as a moped. Many(US ?)states have laws on the books that anyone convicted of a DUI cannot legally operate any motor vehicle powered by gasoline for the entire length of their sentence.  - Derbi is a manufacturer of motorcycles, scooters, mopeds and recreational all-terrain vehicles produced by Nacional Motor S.A.U., a Spanish subsidiary of Piaggio & Co. SpA.  - Gilera is an Italian motorcycle manufacturer founded in Arcore in 1909 by Giuseppe Gilera. In 1969, the company was purchased by Piaggio.  - Marco Simoncelli (20 January 1987  23 October 2011) was an Italian professional motorcycle racer. He competed in the MotoGP World Championship for 10 years from 2002 to 2011. He started in the 125cc class before moving up to the 250cc class in 2006. He won the 250cc World Championship with Gilera in 2008. After four years in the intermediate class, he stepped up to the MotoGP class with the Honda Gresini Team. Simoncelli died in an accident during the 2011 Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang on 23 October 2011 after being run over following his own fall on track.  - Luca Boscoscuro ( born December 27 , 1971 in Schio ) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer . He was the 1995 250 cc European Champion . His best year in the world championships was in 1996 , when he finished in tenth place in the 250cc class and won the IRTA CUP ( World Championship for Private Team ) . After a career as a professional rider , remains within the Motorcycle Racing and , in 2002 he became Gilera and Derbi Sport Director and from 2006 to 2009 Gilera Team Manager , where in 2008 he won the title of 250cc with Marco Simoncelli . Since 2010 , the new challenge with Speed Up : the Team is founded . 2010 also marks a radical rule change with the transition from 2 - stroke 250cc to 4 - stroke 600cc . He debuts in the World Championship of the newborn Moto2 class with the bike Speed Up S10 with which he wins 3 races , gets 6 pole , goes 9 times on the podium and his team is the only one that places both riders on the podium at the same race . In 2011 after an agreement with another supplier of frames the results are only 2 podiums throughout the season . In 2012 Boscoscuro join forces with Eros Braconi founding the Speed Up Factory : the new S12 chassis is entirely made in Italy , from design to manufacturing . In 2013 continues the evolution of the prototype and 3 are the teams NGM Mobile Forward Racing , QMMF Racing Team and Arginano y Gines Racing Team , that choose the product of the Italian Factory , 8 riders will participate with a SF13 to the World Championship Moto2 category .  - A motor vehicle is a self-propelled road vehicle and off-road vehicle, commonly wheeled, that does not operate on rails, such as trains or trams and used for commercial purposes on the highways in the transportation of passengers, or passengers and property.  - Piaggio & C. SpA (Piaggio) via its subsidiaries designs, engineers, manufactures and distributes two wheeled motor vehicles and compact commercial vehicles under seven brands. Piaggio & C. SpA corporate headquarters are located in Pontedera, Italy. Piaggio's various subsidiaries employ a total of 7,053 employees who produced a total of 519,700 vehicles in 2014. Piaggio operates six research and development centers and operates in over 50 countries.  - A motorcycle (also called a motorbike, bike, or cycle) is a two- or three-wheeled motor vehicle. Motorcycle design varies greatly to suit a range of different purposes: long distance travel, commuting, cruising, sport including racing, and off-road riding. Motorcycling is riding a motorcycle and related social activity such as joining a motorcycle club and attending motorcycle rallies.  - Honda has been the world's largest motorcycle manufacturer since 1959, as well as the world's largest manufacturer of internal combustion engines measured by volume, producing more than 14 million internal combustion engines each year. Honda became the second-largest Japanese automobile manufacturer in 2001. Honda was the eighth largest automobile manufacturer in the world behind General Motors, Volkswagen Group, Toyota, Hyundai Motor Group, Ford, Nissan, and PSA Peugeot Citroën in 2011.  - A cathedral (French: "cathédrale" from Latin: "cathedra", "seat" from the Greek "kathédra" (), seat, bench, from "kata" "down" + "hedra" seat, base, chair) is a Christian church which contains the seat of a bishop, thus serving as the central church of a diocese, conference, or episcopate. The counterpart term for such a church in German is "Dom" from Latin "domus ecclesiae" or "domus episcopalis"; also Italian Duomo, Dutch "Domkerk" and cognates in many other European languages. Churches with the function of "cathedral" are usually specific to those Christian denominations with an episcopal hierarchy, such as the Roman Catholic, Anglican, Orthodox, and some Lutheran and Methodist churches. Church buildings embodying the functions of a cathedral first appear in Italy, Gaul, Spain and North Africa in the 4th century, but cathedrals did not become universal within the Western Catholic Church until the 12th century, by which time they had developed architectural forms, institutional structures and legal identities distinct from parish churches, monastic churches and episcopal residences.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'occupation' with 'motorcycle racer'.
The answer to this question is: