Article:
The Associated Press has been breaking news since 1846. In that time, AP has endeavored to always be accurate, trustworthy and responsive. As news is transmitted in more ways than ever before and in more formats than ever, we remain committed to the highest standards of integrity in all areas of business at AP: from newsgathering to corporate behavior. This blog aims to provide further understanding of AP and transparency in our operations and mission. ||||| Widely Cited 
  
 The Times is one of the first major news organizations to take a firm stand against a growing and disliked practice. 
  
 The Times has dismantled its environmental pod and discontinued the Green blog. 
  
 The public editor looks into a test drive of an electric car that caused a storm. 
  
 The statistical wizard's offer to wager on the outcome of the presidential race is a bad choice. 
  
 How does The Times decide which comments to post on NYTimes.com? The public editor gets answers from The Times's online commenting managers. 
  
 Readers complained to the public editor over The Times's decision to display a photograph of the unconscious ambassador in Libya. 
  
 Government Secrecy and Bradley Manning 
  
 Those who reveal classified material are being punished like never before. 
  
 When the government asks newspapers to keep quiet, the bar should be very high for saying yes. 
  
 Editors were asked by the C.I.A. to withhold information and did so for months before publishing it online Tuesday night. 
  
 Scott Shane, a Times national security reporter, was referred to in the government’s prosecution of a former C.I.A. official. 
  
 Bradley Manning and WikiLeaks are a major story for The Times, so why was the paper so late to cover the soldier’s pretrial hearing? 
  
 The testimony is riveting and the surrounding issues are newsworthy. 
  
 Just who is it that the United States is killing with strikes by unmanned aircraft in Yemen and Pakistan? 
  
 The First Amendment matters for many reasons, some of them not on the world stage. 
  
 False Balance and Objectivity in Reporting 
  
 The public editor travels to Harvard’s Shorenstein Center. With audio. 
  
 Is the concept outdated or even more important in the new media era? 
  
 The journalistic ideal of impartiality is coming under attack. My column for this week. 
  
 The public editor speaks with Times editors about how they plan to fact-check the first presidential debate. 
  
 When opinion appears in news pages, it needs to be labeled and displayed as just that. 
  
 Whatever the conclusions, whatever the effectiveness, of challenging facts, the idea that we have to debate the necessity of the media doing so strikes me as absurd. 
  
 Language and Semantics 
  
 The Times is reconsidering the use of the term "illegal immigrant." 
  
 An article coyly wrote around a business name that used an unprintable word according to The Times's standards. 
  
 A crisis in North Africa and a reader’s query bring up crucial distinctions in usage. 
  
 Families are rightfully upset by some of the early reporting done on the Newtown, Conn., shootings. 
  
 The research and development team’s Chronicle tool may distract you while you’re waiting for the returns to come in. 
  
 Unidentified sources make it difficult for readers to know what to believe regarding negotiations between the United States and Iran. 
  
 The public editor's judgment is not about immigration reform; it's about clarity and accuracy. 
  
 An activist wants The Times to stop using the term "illegal immigrant" in its reporting. 
  
 Gender, Race and Ethnicity 
  
 After criticism on Twitter and elsewhere, the first sentence of an obituary for Yvonne Brill was changed. 
  
 A front-page article involving the New York Police Department's internal communication could have provided greater context. 
  
 A headline ignites a discussion about its "undermining" question. 
  
 News organizations should evaluate the motivations of parents who want to take their child’s story public. 
  
 Parental approval and the child’s own willingness should rule the day. 
  
 Readers complained about the absence of people of color in T: The Times Style Magazine. 
  
 The Times Magazine interviewer offended some high-profile female writers with his questions. 
  
 Where, after what seemed like women's night on Tuesday at the Democratic National Convention, was the coverage of pay equity, along with gender-economic issues in general? 
  
 Culture Criticism 
  
 Michael Kimmelman views architecture in terms of public policy as well as aesthetics. 
  
 The criticism of a new restaurant in Times Square was delicious, even if the food was not. 
  
 The critic Pete Wells gave his first “poor” restaurant rating in The Times -- and he did it memorably. 
  
 Cathy Horyn's work can't please everyone -- but this is ridiculous. ||||| Associated Press rethinks ‘illegal immigrant’ 
  
 The Associated Press announced this Stylebook change on Tuesday afternoon: 
  
 AP notice 
  
 “Illegal immigrant” no more 
  
 The AP Stylebook today is making some changes in how we describe people living in a country illegally. 
  
 Senior Vice President and Executive Editor Kathleen Carroll explains the thinking behind the decision: 
  
  
  
 The Stylebook no longer sanctions the term “illegal immigrant” or the use of “illegal” to describe a person. Instead, it tells users that “illegal” should describe only an action, such as living in or immigrating to a country illegally. 
  
 Why did we make the change? 
  
 The discussions on this topic have been wide-ranging and include many people from many walks of life. (Earlier, they led us to reject descriptions such as “undocumented,” despite ardent support from some quarters, because it is not precise. A person may have plenty of documents, just not the ones required for legal residence.) 
  
 Those discussions continued even after AP affirmed “illegal immigrant” as the best use, for two reasons. 
  
 A number of people felt that “illegal immigrant” was the best choice at the time. They also believed the always-evolving English language might soon yield a different choice and we should stay in the conversation. 
  
 Also, we had in other areas been ridding the Stylebook of labels. The new section on mental health issues argues for using credibly sourced diagnoses instead of labels. Saying someone was “diagnosed with schizophrenia” instead of schizophrenic, for example. 
  
 And that discussion about labeling people, instead of behavior, led us back to “illegal immigrant” again. 
  
 We concluded that to be consistent, we needed to change our guidance. 
  
 So we have. 
  
 Is this the best way to describe someone in a country without permission? We believe that it is for now. We also believe more evolution is likely down the road. 
  
 Will the new guidance make it harder for writers? Perhaps just a bit at first. But while labels may be more facile, they are not accurate. 
  
 I suspect now we will hear from some language lovers who will find other labels in the AP Stylebook. We welcome that engagement. Get in touch at stylebook@ap.org or, if you are an AP Stylebook Online subscriber, through the “Ask the Editor” page. 
  
 Change is a part of AP Style because the English language is constantly evolving, enriched by new words, phrases and uses. Our goal always is to use the most precise and accurate words so that the meaning is clear to any reader anywhere. 
  
 # 
  
 The updated entry is being added immediately to the AP Stylebook Online and Manual de Estilo Online de la AP, the new Spanish-language Stylebook. It also will appear in the new print edition and Stylebook Mobile, coming out later in the spring. It reads as follows: 
  
 illegal immigration Entering or residing in a country in violation of civil or criminal law. Except in direct quotes essential to the story, use illegal only to refer to an action, not a person: illegal immigration, but not illegal immigrant. Acceptable variations include living in or entering a country illegally or without legal permission. 
  
 Except in direct quotations, do not use the terms illegal alien, an illegal, illegals or undocumented. 
  
 Do not describe people as violating immigration laws without attribution. 
  
 Specify wherever possible how someone entered the country illegally and from where. Crossed the border? Overstayed a visa? What nationality? 
  
 People who were brought into the country as children should not be described as having immigrated illegally. For people granted a temporary right to remain in the U.S. under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, use temporary resident status, with details on the program lower in the story. 
  
 —- 
  
 From a Tuesday post on the Minnesota Public Radio (MRP) website: “Today, MPR ran an Associated Press story — Bill: Instate tuition for illegal immigrants — that used the term [‘illegal immigrant’] three times.” 
  
 UPDATE: New York Times is also reconsidering its use of “illegal immigrant” (nytimes.com) 
  
  
  
  
  
 if( class_exists('Add_to_Any_Subscribe_Widget') ) { Add_to_Any_Subscribe_Widget::display(); } ? 
  
 Comments 
  
 comments |||||Summary: