Article:

The teenager who pleaded guilty to causing a drunken driving crash that killed four and injured two others last year will be required to attend a rehabilitation facility but will not face jail time, a judge ordered Wednesday. 
  
 State District Judge Jean Boyd handed down the terms of Ethan Couch’s 10-year probation for the four intoxication manslaughter counts during a closed hearing. In doing so, she rejected prosecutors’ requests to give Couch jail time on the two intoxication assault counts. 
  
 Boyd ordered Couch to be placed in a lock-down residential treatment center for an undisclosed amount of time and at his parents’ expense. Couch’s father had offered to foot the bill for a $450,000-a-year treatment center near Newport Beach, Calif., but it was unclear whether that’s where Couch will go. 
  
 Couch cannot drive, drink alcohol or use drugs during his probation. If he violates the terms, he could be sentenced to up to 10 years behind bars, according to the Tarrant County district attorney’s office. 
  
 “It is our hope that the attention drawn by this case highlights the dangers associated with driving while intoxicated and will ensure that a tragedy such as this one will never happen again,” prosecutor Riley Shaw said in a prepared statement. 
  
 Defense attorney Reagan Wynn lauded Boyd for giving Couch probation, saying the judge recognized the possibility that he could be reformed better in a rehab facility that in prison. 
  
 “We recognize that 16-year-old kids are different from 25-year-old adults,” Wynn said. 
  
 On June 15, 2013, Couch had been partying at his parent’s second home in Burleson and got behind the wheel with seven people piled into his Ford pickup, authorities said. He swerved off the road, hitting and killing 24-year-old Breanna Mitchell, whose SUV had broken down, and three others who had stopped to help: youth pastor Brian Jennings 41, and Hollie Boyles, 52, and her daughter, Shelby Boyles, 21. 
  
 Teens Sergio Molina and Solimon Mohmand were riding in the bed of the pickup and were thrown out on impact, authorities said. Molina was left with a severe brain injury and is unable to move or talk. Mohmand suffered broken bones and internal injuries. 
  
 Authorities said Couch, who was 16 at the time of the crash, had a blood alcohol content of 0.24 — three times the legal limit for an adult — and that he was driving 70 mph in a 40-mph zone. 
  
 The sentence of probation drew national outrage, as did testimony by a psychologist called by the defense who said Couch suffered from “affluenza.” His family’s wealth and a dysfunctional relationship with his parents had left Couch without a sense of responsibility, the witness said in describing the diagnosis. 
  
 Wynn said the focus on “affluenza” and the media’s reporting of the case had “so twisted the facts that were actually presented in court that I don’t think the truth will ever be able to come out now.” 
  
 “It was ridiculous to think that we walked into court and said, ‘Oh, this is a rich white kid,’ and [Boyd] decided to probate him,” Wynn said. 
  
 Prosecutor Richard Alpert called Wynn’s comments hypocritical, stating that it was Couch’s defense team that had presented the “affluenza” argument. 
  
 “His witnesses don’t say things by accident,” Alpert said. “So they thought maybe that would help — that’s my interpretation — and it blew up on them. It was a stupid thing to say.” 
  
 Couch has been in juvenile detention since he was sentenced Dec. 12, KXAS-TV (NBC5) reported. 
  
 Six civil lawsuits that have been filed against Couch, his parents, Fred and Tonya Couch, and the family’s company, Cleburne Metal Works, have been consolidated and transferred into 96th state District Court, presided over by Judge R.H. Wallace, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported. 
  
 Local media including The Dallas Morning News recently filed a request to be given a hearing on whether court proceedings in the Couch case should be open to the public. Boyd denied the request and closed Wednesday’s proceedings to the public and news media. 
  
 The Associated Press contributed to this report. 
  
 On Twitter: 
  
 @ClaireZCardona ||||| FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) — A judge on Wednesday ordered a Texas teenager who was sentenced to 10 years' probation in a drunken-driving crash that killed four people to go to a rehabilitation facility paid for by his parents. 
  
 File - In this June 16, 2013 file photo, cars drive past the scene of a fatal wreck. A North Texas juvenile court judge has sentenced 16-year-old boy Ethan Couch to probation for the crash that killed... (Associated Press) 
  
 Fred Couch, father of teenager Ethan Couch, collects his belt after clearing security as he arrives at juvenile court for a hearing about his son's future Wednesday, Feb. 5, 2014, in Fort Worth, Texas.... (Associated Press) 
  
 Tonya Couch, left, and Fred Couch, parents of teenager Ethan Couch, arrive at juvenile court for a hearing about their son's future Wednesday, Feb. 5, 2014, in Fort Worth, Texas. Judge Jean Boyd again... (Associated Press) 
  
 Tonya Couch, left, and Fred Couch, parents of teenager Ethan Couch, arrive at juvenile court for a hearing about their son's future Wednesday, Feb. 5, 2014, in Fort Worth, Texas. Judge Jean Boyd again... (Associated Press) 
  
 Ethan Couch, center, sits in juvenile court for a hearing about his future Wednesday, Feb. 5, 2014, in Fort Worth, Texas. Judge Jean Boyd again decided to give no jail time for Couch, who was sentenced... (Associated Press) 
  
 Ethan Couch, center, sits in juvenile court for a hearing about his future Wednesday, Feb. 5, 2014, in Fort Worth, Texas. Judge Jean Boyd again decided to give no jail time for Couch, who was sentenced... (Associated Press) 
  
 Judge Jean Boyd again decided to give no jail time for Ethan Couch, defense attorney Reagan Wynn and prosecutors told reporters after the hearing, which was closed to the public. Prosecutors had asked Boyd to sentence him to 20 years in state custody on charges related to two people who were severely injured. 
  
 The sentence stirred fierce debate, as has the testimony of a defense expert who says Couch's wealthy parents coddled him into a sense of irresponsibility. The expert termed the condition "affluenza." 
  
 Wynn and prosecutor Richard Alpert would not identify the facility where Couch will go or where it is located. The teen's family previously had offered to pay for Couch to go to a $450,000-a-year rehabilitation center near Newport Beach, Calif. 
  
 Couch, who's currently in state custody, is expected to receive alcohol and drug rehab, and could face prison time if he runs away from the facility or violates any other terms of his probation, Alpert said. 
  
 There is no minimum amount of time Couch must spend in the facility before his release, prosecutor Riley Shaw said. 
  
 Wynn ripped the media and the public's focus on "affluenza" and said that his client was misunderstood. 
  
 He said reporting of the Couch case had "so twisted the facts that were actually presented in court that I don't think the truth will ever be able to come out now." 
  
 "It was ridiculous to think that we walked into court and said, 'Oh, this is a rich white kid,' and she decided to probate him," he said. 
  
 But Alpert accused Wynn of hypocrisy, pointing out that a defense witness made the comment in the first place. 
  
 "His witnesses don't say things by accident," Alpert said. "So they thought maybe that would help — that's my interpretation — and it blew up on them. It was a stupid thing to say." 
  
 Couch's parents did not speak to reporters as they entered the courtroom. Several relatives of Couch's victims also attended Wednesday's hearing. 
  
 "The families feel like the same way they felt the last time they were here," Alpert said. 
  
 Asking Boyd to give Couch jail time for intoxication assault was a last-ditch effort by prosecutors, who have said they have almost no way to appeal the judge's sentence in the case. 
  
 Alpert said he hoped the Couch case would lead the Texas Legislature to allow juries to sentence some juvenile defendants. The case has already spurred calls for potential changes. Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, who serves as president of the Senate, has asked for a study of sentencing guidelines in intoxication manslaughter cases. 
  
 But Wynn lauded Boyd for giving Couch probation and recognizing the possibility that he could be reformed better in a rehab facility that in prison. 
  
 "We recognize that 16-year-old kids are different from 25-year-old adults," he said. 
  
 Couch was 16 at the time of the accident. His blood-alcohol level was three times the legal limit for an adult and there were traces of Valium in his system when he lost control of his pickup truck and plowed into a group of people helping a woman whose car had stalled. 
  
 Seven passengers were riding in Couch's truck. One, Sergio Molina, is paralyzed and can communicate only by blinking. The other, Solimon Mohmand, suffered numerous broken bones and internal injuries. 
  
 ____ 
  
 Follow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/nomaanmerchant. |||||
What is a summary?