Information:  - Southeast Asia or Southeastern Asia is a subregion of Asia, consisting of the countries that are geographically south of China, east of India, west of New Guinea and north of Australia. The region lies near the intersection of geological plates, with heavy seismic and volcanic activity. Southeast Asia consists of two geographic regions:  - Connie Chan Po - chu was born in 1946 to impoverished parents , one of at least nine siblings , in Guangdong , China . To increase their children 's chances of survival , Chan 's birth parents gave away some of their youngest to other families . As a result , Chan was adopted by Chan Fei - nung and his wife , Kung Fan - hung , who were renowned Cantonese opera stars . During the 1960s , Connie Chan was one of Hong Kong cinema 's most beloved teen idols . She made more than 230 films in a variety of genres : from traditional Cantonese opera and wuxia movies to contemporary youth musicals ; action films to comedies ; melodramas and romances . Owing to her popularity she was dubbed `` The Movie - Fan Princess '' . Her godfather is actor Cho Tat Wah . She has a son named Dexter Yeung , who stars in the 2008 TVB Series Wasabi Mon Amour and Moonlight Resonance .  - Shenzhen is a major city in Guangdong Province, China. The city is located immediately north of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and holds sub-provincial administrative status, with powers slightly less than a province.  - Mainland China, also known as the Chinese mainland or simply the mainland, is the geopolitical area under the direct jurisdiction of the People's Republic of China (PRC). It generally excludes the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau; however, it usually includes Hainan. The term "mainland China", which avoids calling the area simply "China" and thereby recognizing the founding of the PRC as "the" "China", was coined by the Kuomintang (KMT) after receiving control of Taiwan from Japan after World War II. By 1949, the KMT-led Republic of China (ROC) government was defeated in the Chinese Civil War in mainland China and fled to the island of Taiwan where the KMT pledged to "retake the Mainland". The KMT considers both sides of the Taiwan Strait (including Taiwan), as (one) "China" and one country, whereas Taiwan's Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) considers only mainland China as "China" and Taiwan (ROC) as "Taiwan" and maintains that they are different countries.  - Henan is a province of the People's Republic of China, located in the central part of the country. Its one-character abbreviation is "" (yù), named after Yuzhou, a Han Dynasty state ("zhou") that included parts of Henan. Although the name of the province means "south of the river", approximately a quarter of the province lies north of the Yellow River, also known as the "Huang He".  - Hong Kong, officially the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, is an autonomous territory on the Pearl River Delta of East Asia. Macau lies across the delta to the west, and the Chinese province of Guangdong borders the territory to the north. With a total land area of and a population of over 7.3 million of various nationalities, it ranks as the world's fourth most densely populated sovereign state or territory.  - The South China Sea is a marginal sea that is part of the Pacific Ocean, encompassing an area from the Karimata and Malacca Straits to the Strait of Taiwan of around . The area's importance largely results from one-third of the world's shipping sailing through its waters and that it is believed to hold huge oil and gas reserves beneath its seabed.  - Macau (literally: "Bay Gate"), (in Portuguese, which is still widely used in the city) also spelled Macao (in English), officially the Região Administrativa Especial de Macau da República Popular da China, is an autonomous territory on the western side of the Pearl River Delta in East Asia. Macau is bordered by the city of Zhuhai in China to the North and the Pearl River Estuary to the East and South. Hong Kong lies about to its East across the Delta. With a population of 650,900 living in an area of , it is the most densely populated region in the world.  - The Cantonese opera is one of the major categories in Chinese opera, originating in southern China's Guangdong Province. It is popular in Guangdong, Guangxi, Hong Kong, Macau and among the Chinese community in Southeast Asia. Like all versions of Chinese opera, it is a traditional Chinese art form, involving music, singing, martial arts, acrobatics, and acting. History. There is a debate about the origins of Cantonese opera, but it is generally accepted that opera was brought from the northern part of China and slowly migrated to the southern province of Guangdong in late 13th century, during the late Southern Song dynasty. In the 12th century, there was a theatrical form called the Nanxi or "Southern drama", which was performed in public theatres of Hangzhou, then capital of the Southern Song. With the invasion of the Mongol army, Emperor Gong of the Song dynasty fled with hundreds of thousands of Song people into Guangdong in 1276. Among them were Nanxi performers from Zhejiang, who brought Nanxi into Guangdong and helped develop the opera traditions in the south.  - Martial arts are codified systems and traditions of combat practices, which are practiced for a number of reasons: as self-defense, military and law enforcement applications, mental and spiritual development; as well as entertainment and the preservation of a nation's intangible cultural heritage.  - Chinese opera is a popular form of drama and musical theatre in China with roots going back to the early periods in China. It is a composite performance art that is an amalgamation of various art forms that existed in ancient China, and evolved gradually over more than a thousand years, reaching its mature form in the 13th century during the Song Dynasty. Early forms of Chinese drama are simple, but over time they incorporated various art forms, such as music, song and dance, martial arts, acrobatics, as well as literary art forms to become Chinese opera.  - Guangzhou , traditionally romanised as Canton, is the capital and largest city of the Province of Guangdong in southeastern China. Located on the Pearl River about north-northwest of Hong Kong and north of Macau, Guangzhou was a major terminus of the maritime Silk Road and continues to serve as a major port and transportation hub.  - Hangzhou, formerly romanized as Hangchow, is the capital and most populous city of Zhejiang Province in east China. It sits at the head of Hangzhou Bay, which separates Shanghai and Ningbo. Hangzhou grew to prominence as the southern terminus of the Grand Canal and has been one of the most renowned and prosperous cities in China for much of the last millennium, due in part to its beautiful natural scenery. The city's West Lake is its best-known attraction.  - Sichuan, formerly romanized as Szechwan, is a province in southwest China occupying most of the Sichuan Basin between the Himalayas on the west, the Daba in the north, and the Yungui Plateau to the east. Sichuan's capital is Chengdu.  - Cantonese, or Standard Cantonese, is a variant of Yue Chinese spoken in the vicinity of Guangzhou (known historically as Canton) in southeastern China. It is the traditional prestige dialect of Yue.  - , formerly romanized as Chekiang, is an eastern coastal province of China. Zhejiang is bordered by Jiangsu province and Shanghai municipality to the north, Anhui province to the northwest, Jiangxi province to the west, and Fujian province to the south; to the east is the East China Sea, beyond which lie the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.  - Acrobatics (from Greek  "akrobate", "walk on tiptoe, strut") is the performance of extraordinary feats of balance, agility, and motor coordination. It can be found in many of the performing arts, sports (sporting) events, and martial arts. Acrobatics is most often associated with activities that make extensive use of gymnastic elements, such as acro dance, circus, and gymnastics, but many other athletic activities  such as ballet and diving  may also employ acrobatics. Although acrobatics is most commonly associated with human body performance, it may also apply to other types of performance, such as aerobatics.  - Guangdong (Simplified ) is a province on the South China Sea coast of the People's Republic of China. Formerly romanised as Canton or Kwangtung, Guangdong surpassed Henan and Sichuan to become the most populous province in China in January 2005, registering 79.1 million permanent residents and 31 million migrants who lived in the province for at least six months of the year; the total population was 104,303,132 in the 2010 census, accounting for 7.79 percent of Mainland China's population. The provincial capital Guangzhou and economic hub Shenzhen are among the most populous and important cities in China. The population increase since the census has been modest, the province at 2014 end had 107,240,000 people.    Given the paragraphs above, decide what entity has the relation 'place of birth' with 'guangzhou'.
The answer to this question is: