Please answer the following question: Information:  - Reggae is a music genre that originated in Jamaica in the late 1960s. The term also denotes the modern popular music of Jamaica and its diaspora. A 1968 single by Toots and the Maytals "Do the Reggay" was the first popular song to use the word "reggae," effectively naming the genre and introducing it to a global audience. While sometimes used in a broad sense to refer to most types of popular Jamaican dance music, the term "reggae" more properly denotes a particular music style that was strongly influenced by traditional mento as well as American jazz and rhythm and blues, especially the New Orleans R&B practiced by Fats Domino and Allen Toussaint, and evolved out of the earlier genres ska and rocksteady. Reggae usually relates news, social gossip, and political comment. Reggae spread into a commercialized jazz field, being known first as Rudie Blues, then Ska, later Blue Beat, and Rock Steady. It is instantly recognizable from the counterpoint between the bass and drum downbeat, and the offbeat rhythm section. The immediate origins of reggae were in ska and rock steady; from the latter, reggae took over the use of the bass as a percussion instrument.  - Nikki Clan was a Mexican Pop rock band from Nogales, Sonora and Mexicali, Baja California, The band is formed by Yadira Gianola (lead vocals), Alberto Espinosa (bass guitar), José Antonio Dabdoub (guitar), Ángel Yáñez (guitar), and José Carlos Fausto Monroy (drums). The band was created in 2005 by known producer Abelardo Vázquez (also producer of Reik), and released their first album in 2006. The self-titled album, Nikki Clan, is part of a five-album contract with Sony BMG. "Mirame" ("Look at me") was released as the first single with tremendous success. The band name is in honor of Nikki Sixx, idol of Yadira.  - Rhythm and blues, often abbreviated as R&B or RnB, is a genre of popular African-American music that originated in the 1940s. The term was originally used by record companies to describe recordings marketed predominantly to urban African Americans, at a time when "urbane, rocking, jazz based music with a heavy, insistent beat" was becoming more popular. In the commercial rhythm and blues music typical of the 1950s through the 1970s, the bands usually consisted of piano, one or two guitars, bass, drums, saxophone, and sometimes background vocalists. R&B lyrical themes often encapsulate the African-American experience of pain and the quest for freedom and joy. Lyrics focus heavily on the themes of triumphs and failures in terms of relationships, freedom, economics, aspirations, and sex.  - Live from Portland is the first live album by the Christian rock band Kutless. It was released on December 5, 2006. It was recorded on March 16, 2006, in the band's hometown of Portland, Oregon. The album comes with a CD of the concert's audio, and a DVD with the concert itself. The DVD is slightly longer than the CD, including drum solos from drummer Jeffrey Gilbert. The DVD also contains the band's music video for "Shut Me Out", and a documentary about the show and the band being on tour. This is the band's last release with longtime guitarist Ryan Shrout, though his last studio album with them was "Hearts of the Innocent".  - Nu metal (also known as nü-metal and ) is a form of that combines elements of with elements of other music genres such as hip hop, alternative rock, funk and grunge. Nu metal bands have drawn elements and influences from a variety of musical styles, including multiple genres of heavy metal. rarely features guitar solos; the genre is heavily syncopated and based on guitar riffs. Many nu metal guitarists use that are down-tuned to play a heavier sound. DJs are occasionally featured in nu metal to provide instrumentation such as sampling, turntable scratching and electronic backgrounds. Vocal styles in include singing, rapping, screaming and growling. Nu metal is one of the key genres of the New Wave of American Heavy Metal.  - Brian Lee Pittman (born October 21, 1980) is an American musician most notable as the former bassist for the Christian rock band Relient K, of which he was a founding member. He has also played bass for the Christian metal band Inhale Exhale, and owns a landscaping company called "Lawnsharks." Pittman married on August 30, 2008 and currently resides in Canton, Ohio.  - Relient K is an American rock band formed in 1998 in Canton, Ohio, by Matt Thiessen, Matt Hoopes, and Brian Pittman during the band members' third year in high school and their time at Malone University. The band is named after guitarist Hoopes' automobile, a Plymouth Reliant K car, with the spelling intentionally altered to avoid trademark infringement over the "Reliant" name.  - Demon Hunter is an American Christian metal band from Seattle, Washington, started in 2000 by brothers Don Clark and Ryan Clark. Although the brothers created the band, only one remains, since Don Clark has left the band to take care of his family. As of early 2010, the band has sold over half a million albums. The band's style is known for combining nu metal sounds and qualities with ones heard in metalcore.  - Reik is a Mexican band from Mexicali, Baja California formed by Jesús Alberto Navarro Rosas (lead vocals), Julio Ramírez Eguía (guitar/background vocals), and Gilberto Marín Espinoza (guitar). The group's name actually means "rake" (as in raking the guitar's strings), but the band wanted their Mexican listeners to pronounce it correctly, hence, Reik.  - Ethan John Luck ( born October 16 , 1978 ) is a guitarist , drummer and photographer who has played in many bands , most prominently , the ska band The O.C. Supertones and rock band Relient K. He is also the cousin of Matt Wignall of Havalina . Luck has also made a part - time career as a studio musician working with such people as Aaron Sprinkle , Mark Lee Townsend , Joe Marlet , Neill King , Bill Stevenson , etc. He has played on albums for Kutless , Roper , Nikki Clan and Last Tuesday , to name a few . Luck and fellow The O.C. Supertones alumnus Daniel Spencer ran Rebel Waltz Recording Co. , a recording studio based in Franklin , Tennessee . Artists that recorded there included Flatfoot 56 , August Burns Red , The Send , The Lonely Hearts and many others . The two also had a punk band called My Red Hot Nightmare that was short lived in Nashville . Luck continues his love of recording and recently engineered and produced Supertones singer Matt Morginsky for his first solo record . It was announced on February 12 , 2008 , that Ethan would be the new drummer for pop punk band Relient K. The band made the announcement on their website and on the same day , Luck announced it on his personal website . He also posted a letter to Demon Hunter fans about his future in the band . In August 2009 , it was learned that Ethan , along with Don Clark , had both decided to depart as guitarists from Demon Hunter . Ethan and Don 's schedule 's with Relient K and Invisible Creature , respectively , made it hard to keep up with Demon Hunter and their other projects both . It was also announced in 2012 that Ethan Luck has begun working on a new solo punk / ska / reggae project under the name Ethan Luck and the High Pressure System . The first single is `` Hey Mr. Pharisee '' . On April 21 , 2013 , Luck posted that he would no longer be with Relient K. Luck and his wife are vegan .  - Ska (Jamaican ) is a music genre that originated in Jamaica in the late 1950s and was the precursor to rocksteady and reggae. Ska combined elements of Caribbean mento and calypso with American jazz and rhythm and blues. It is characterized by a walking bass line accented with rhythms on the off-beat. Ska developed in Jamaica in the 1960s when Prince Buster, Clement "Coxsone" Dodd, and Duke Reid formed sound systems to play American rhythm & blues and then began recording their own songs. Some suggest ska dates to earlier times, however. In the early 1960s, ska was the dominant music genre of Jamaica and was popular with British mods. Later it became popular with many skinheads.  - Kutless is a Christian rock band from Portland, Oregon formed in 1999. Since their formation, they have released multiple studio albums and one live album, "Live from Portland". They have sold over 3 million records worldwide.  - Mento is a style of Jamaican folk music that predates and has greatly influenced ska and reggae music. Mento typically features acoustic instruments, such as acoustic guitar, banjo, hand drums, and the rhumba box  a large mbira in the shape of a box that can be sat on while played. The rhumba box carries the bass part of the music.  - Matthew "Matt" Ryan Hoopes is an American musician, guitarist, singer, and songwriter, most known as the lead guitarist of Relient K. Hoopes has played lead guitar and provided backing vocals for Relient K since 1998.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'ethan luck' exhibits the relationship of 'instrument'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - banjo  - bass  - bass guitar  - drum  - guitar  - percussion instrument  - piano  - saxophone
Answer: