Article:
River Martinez, 10, breaks camp at the Upper Pines Campground in Yosemite National Park, Calif., on Wednesday, July 25, 2018. Martinez's family, visiting from Los Angeles, had to cut their stay short... (Associated Press) 
  
 River Martinez, 10, breaks camp at the Upper Pines Campground in Yosemite National Park, Calif., on Wednesday, July 25, 2018. Martinez's family, visiting from Los Angeles, had to cut their stay short as portions of Yosemite close today to allow crews to battle the Ferguson fire burning nearby. (AP Photo/Noah... (Associated Press) 
  
 IDYLLWILD, Calif. (AP) — A fast-moving wildfire — believed to have been sparked by arson — tore through trees, burned five homes and forced evacuation orders for an entire forest town as California sweltered under a heat wave and battled ferocious fires at both ends of the state. 
  
 The so-called Cranston Fire, which erupted Wednesday in the San Jacinto Mountains east of Los Angeles, turned into a wall of flame that torched timber and tinder-dry brush. In a matter of hours it grew to 7 1/2 square miles (19 square kilometers). 
  
 It was threatening an estimated 600 homes, authorities said. 
  
 The fire was the largest of at least five that police believe were purposely set Wednesday by a man whose car was reportedly spotted at the starting point of the blaze in Riverside County, officials said. 
  
 Brandon N. McGlover, 32, of Temecula was booked on suspicion of five counts of arson, state fire officials said. It wasn't clear whether he had an attorney. 
  
 Authorities ordered residents to leave Idyllwild and several neighboring communities, home to about 12,000 people. 
  
 William Blodgett of Idyllwild said he couldn't get home because of the fire and had to wait along with others at a gas station in nearby Mountain Center — until the fire hopped a highway and began to move in his direction. 
  
 "We were all peeling out of there as fast as we could," he told KNBC-TV. "It was apocalyptic." 
  
 Horses and other animals were taken to shelters as were several hundred children who were evacuated from summer camps. About 200 were at a local high school serving as a shelter, KCAL-TV reported. 
  
 The fire in the San Bernardino National Forest sent up a cloud 50,000 feet high that was so enormous it created its own weather in the form of lightning, the National Weather Service reported. 
  
 Throughout the day, helicopters and planes dumped water and fire retardant that turned swathes of land and homes pink. Fire engines also were stationed to protect homes. 
  
 The fire is one of several across California amid a heat wave that has seen days of triple-digit temperatures. 
  
 To the north, in the San Francisco Bay Area, at least one home burned in a fast-moving blaze in Clayton, where houses are spread out around windy roads. 
  
 Yosemite Valley, the scenic heart of the national park, was closed at noon Wednesday during the height of tourist season as smoke cast a pall on the region from a fire in the Sierra Nevada. The closure was heartbreaking for travelers, many of whom mapped out their trips months in advance to hike and climb amid the spectacular views of cascading waterfalls and sheer rock faces. 
  
 "We had one guest who planned a weeklong trip," said Tom Lambert, who owns a vacation rental property near Yosemite Valley. "It was a father-daughter trip, for her high school graduation ... Now it's done. It's sad." Another guest had to delay plans to climb Half Dome. 
  
 Officials emphasized that Yosemite wasn't in imminent danger from the fire. Authorities decided on the shutdown to allow crews to perform protective measures such as burning away brush along roadways without having to deal with traffic in the park that welcomes 4 million visitors annually. 
  
 Yosemite Valley will be closed until at least Sunday, along with a winding, mountainous, 20-mile (32-kilometer) stretch of California's State Route 41 that leads into the area, Gediman said. 
  
 At least 1,000 campground and hotel bookings were canceled — to say nothing of the impact on day visitors, park workers and small businesses along the highway, Gediman said. 
  
 The last time the 7.5-mile-long (12-kilometer-long) valley was closed because of fire was 1990, he said. 
  
 Over nearly two weeks, flames have churned through 60 square miles (155 square kilometers) of timber in steep terrain of the Sierra Nevada just west of the park. The fire was just 25 percent contained. 
  
 More than 3,300 firefighters are working the fire, aided by 16 helicopters. One firefighter was killed July 14, and six others have been injured. 
  
 In the state's far north, a 7-square-mile (18-square-kilometer) wildfire has forced the evacuation of French Gulch, a small Shasta County community that dates to the Gold Rush. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Noah Berger reported from Yosemite; Chris Weber from Los Angeles. AP reporters Robert Jablon, Michael Balsamo and John Antczak in Los Angeles contributed. 
  
 ___ 
  
 Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM ||||| An arson suspect was arrested in relation to the Cranston Fire in Idyllwild, which grew to 4,700 acres Wednesday night. Robert Kovacik reports for NBC4 News at 11 p.m. on July 25, 2018. (Published Thursday, July 26, 2018) 
  
 What to Know Investigators were looking into the possibility that the cause was arson 
  
 The fire has burned thousands of acres in the San Jacinto Mountains in Riverside County 
  
 Highway 74 between Cranston Fire Station and Lake Hemet and Highway 243 between Pine Cove and Mountain Center were closed 
  
 A 32-year-old man from Temecula was arrested on suspicion of arson Wednesday night after he was accused of setting multiple fires, one of which burned thousands of acres in the San Bernardino National Forest, destroyed homes and forced thousands to flee. 
  
 Brandon N. McGlover was arrested on suspicion of five counts of arson to wildland after the Cranston Fire erupted earlier the same day. 
  
 The Cranston Fire consumed at least 4,700 acres, leveled five residential structures and closed roads. As of Wednesday night, the fire was 5 percent contained. 
  
 Booking photo of Brandon n. McGlover, 32, of Temecula, who was arrested in relation to Cranston Fire in Idyllwild. 
  
 Photo credit: San Bernardino National Forest 
  
 The Cranston Fire was reported at around noon off state Route 74 in the forest area between Hemet and Mountain Center, according to the U.S. Forest Service. The fire was burning "with a rapid rate of spread," according to the USFS. 
  
 Photos: Wildfire Tears Through Riverside County Mountains 
  
 No injuries have been reported in connection with the blaze, which was zero percent contained as of Wednesday night. The cause of the fire has not been confirmed, but California Highway Patrol Officer Darren Meyer said a motorist who witnesses said was spotted "near the origin of the fire" was detained. 
  
 A light-colored sedan matching the description provided by witnesses was spotted at around 12:30 p.m. near Newport Road and State Street in Hemet, Meyer said. An enforcement stop was conducted by the CHP, Riverside County Sheriff's Department and Hemet Police Department and the driver was arrested. 
  
 Authorities had not yet confirmed whether the man captured on video being detained by officers was McGlover. 
  
  
  
 Mandatory evacuations have been ordered for residents of Idyllwild, Mountain Center along McGaugh and McCall Park roads and the communities of Pine Cove and Fern Valley. 
  
 Cranston Fire Rips Through Homes 
  
 (Published Wednesday, July 25, 2018) 
  
 "Leave the area immediately," a USFS Twitter post advised. 
  
 At least 110 homes in southwest Idyllwild have been evacuated, and officials said at least 600 more structures were threatened by the blaze. Television news footage showed at least a few homes going up in flames. 
  
 Authorities have established an evacuation center for residents and campers at Banning High School, 100 W. Westward Ave. Small animals can also be evacuated to Banning High School, while animals of all sizes can be taken to the San Jacinto Valley Animal Campus at 581 S. Grand Ave. 
  
 Road closures include state Route 74 between the Cranston Fire Station and Lake Hemet, as well as state Route 243 between the communities of Pine Cove and Mountain Center, where authorities say flames jumped the highway near the Idyllwild Grinding Facility. The fire has also taken out power to more than 7,700 Southern California Edison customers in the Idyllwild area, according to an SCE online outage map. 
  
  
  
  
  
 Full restoration was expected at around 2 a.m. Thursday. Authorities have also issued a smoke advisory for the region, advising that winds could bring smoke into various parts of Riverside County, including the Coachella Valley, Banning Pass, the Hemet/San Jacinto Valley, Perris Valley and Anza. 
  
 The advisory will be in effect through Thursday morning. 
  
 McGlover was also accused of setting several other fires Wednesday in the southwest Riverside County area and along Highway 74. 
  
 A fire information call center for the public has also been established at (909) 383-5688. |||||Summary: