With awards season in full swing, and best-dressed lists being quietly curated, the pressure is on for A-listers to pull out showstopping look after look on the red carpet. Luckily for Tinseltown's leading ladies, they can rely on expert advice from those whose sole job it is to pick out an outfit that's going to garner headlines for all the right reasons. One  stylist shaking things up in Hollywood is Micaela Erlanger, a savvy 29-year-old who has the power to transform actresses from relative obscurity to global style icons. Scroll down for video. Micaela Erlanger (left), a savvy 29-year-old stylist, left, is shaking things up on the red carpet. She began working with Downton Abbey star Michelle Dockery (right) who then introduced her to Lupita Nyong'o. Her work on Lupita Nyong'o is a case in point. When the 12 Years A Slave star stepped out at last year's Oscars in a flowing blue Prada gown,  with a slashed yet sophisticated neckline, she became a style icon. Of course, Micaela, whose first client was Joely Richardson for the Anonymous and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo press tours, was behind the look. Micaela and Lupita were introduced by another stylish screen star; Michelle Dockery. Lupita was a little-known Kenyan actress working on movie Non-Stop with Michelle, who said to her: ‘When you’re ready, I have the perfect stylist for you.' The rest was history. Michaela helped transform the red carpet, which, in the late 90s, was awash with prom dresses loved by Gwyneth Paltrow and the Princess look, as championed by Penelope Cruz. Michelle Dockery, resplendent in Rosie Assoulin, met Micaela through her make-up artist. When the 12 Years A Slave star Lupita Nyong'o stepped out at last year's Oscars, left, in a flowing blue Prada gown, with a slashed yet sophisticated neckline, she became a muse. Her red Ralph Lauren gown at last year's Golden Globes was also exquisite. Lupita Nyong'o looking chic in a Giambattista Valli couture dress at the Marie Claire Fresh Faces Party in 2014, left, and pushing the style boundaries in Prada at last year's MET Ball. The 31-year-old actress's striking minimalist style curated by Micaela has had the fashion world buzzing. Hits have included her silk Prada jersey maxidress with ethereal gold lattice embroidery at the Toronto Film Festival for the premiere of 12 Years A Slave. Her striking red Ralph Lauren number from the Golden Globes was simple yet stunning, while her punky Chanel gown at the MTV Movie Awards showed her ability to experiment with trends. Manhattan-born, Connecticut-raised Micaela, who studied at Parsons the New School for Design, turns to trusted and classic designers, such as Carolina Herrera, great Hollywood couturier Valentina and Chanel but works to pick a dress that reflects her client's personality and tastes. Lupita, for example, landed on every glossy magazine's best-dressed list thanks to her fresh, modern, and compellingly confident style; Micaela helps her take risks but in a wearable way. According to Vanity Fair, Micaela, who began working for the late Annabel Tollman, who was known for styling Scarlett Johansson, creates private Pinterest boards for each client. Here, as well as via text, she shares her ideas with them and what looks and styles she thinks would suit them. 'It's a conversation, a collaboration, down to a T,' she said of the process. Michelle Dockery, left, in a form-fitting Barbara Casasola dress at the Lovegold lunch last January, and, right, at 2013's Emmy Awards in a two-tone Prada gown in ruby-red  satin and burgundy silk. 'We're always looking to tell a story through image. In some ways, I almost feel that the red carpet is the runway now and it’s up to, in some part, the talented actors and actresses that walk that red carpet to show the world what fashion can be.' Speaking about Micaela's influence on the red carpet, Lydia Jones, founder of wantherwardrobe.com, said: 'Micaela is what every A-lister wants in their life: a friend, fashion insider and super stylist all tied into one. 'She has all the best designers - both established and budding - on speed dial and actually takes the time to get to know her clients and figure out what works for them. She turns to fashion-insider favorites, such as Suno, power players like Prada and fledgling designers such as Rosie Assoulin, who Michelle Dockery looks phenomenal in.' Micaela, pictured with Olivia Munn, creates private Pinterest boards for each client and shares her ideas with them. Micaela, who studied at Parsons the New School for Design, turns to trusted and classic designers when dressing her clients. Micaela won't be the only stylist working overtime around awards season - and it seems most stars have a go-to fashion expert on speed dial. Elizabeth Olsen's on-trend red carpet style has often impressed the fashion pack. But the American Godzilla actress revealed it is thanks to no natural flair of her own. The 25-year-old admitted she was forced to seek the services of Cher Coulter, a celebrity stylist, in order to keep up with the fashionable Hollywood starlets that surround her when she first started out. The younger sister of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen told The Hollywood Reporter: 'There's no way you can figure it all out, especially when you are working on films. You literally have to use a stylist. 'Whatever you wear is like a huge statement out to the world so you have to have someone help you figure it all out.' Red carpet fashion in the 90s was a whole different story, as proved by Kim Basinger, left, in mint green Escada at the 1998 Oscars and Helena Bonham Carter, right, in an off-pink prom-esque gown at the same event. Gwyneth Paltrow in a candy coloured prom gown as she arrives for the 71st annual Academy Awards in 1999, left, and Uma Thurman at the same event. Fast-forward to 2007 and the red carpet was still all about feathers, drama and show-stopping gowns. The actress added that she 'had no clue' what to wear when she began making public appearances. She said: 'I didn't even like to wear dresses to begin with.' It wasn't until the late 1980s that the 'stylist' was born, with Giorgio Armani being hailed as the gamechanger. He dressed A-listers such as Julia Robers and Jodie Foster in his designs and others began to follow suit. The classic silhouettes of the Nineties were the strapless mermaid look, and the waisted ball gown, loved by Gwyneth Paltrow. Retro glamour was the order of the day but now, stars want to stand out from the crowd and are opting for more spontaenous and somewhat risque designs. Luckily for today's stars, red carpet fashion has come a long way since the 90s. Gone are the days when stars - Cate Blanchett (left, at the Golden Globes in 1999 and, Jennifer Aniston in 2003) - played it safe in black. Cher, left, at the Oscars in 1988, right, Celine Dion in a white tuxedo backwards to the Oscars in 1999. There are, of course, moments in red carpet history that will go down as game changers. Remember when Cher wore her barely-there Bob Mackie gown to pick up her Best Actress Oscar in 1988? Or when Celine Dion chose to wear a white tuxedo backwards to the Oscars in 1999? These moments of true individuality have, ultimately, paved the way for new stars to be able to express themselves on red carpets the world over. Now, we are all a little disappointed if Jennifer Aniston just wears black, or if Reese Witherspoon chooses another strapless number. We want more from our celebrities. And thanks to the efforts of designers, a lot of whom create up to six collections a year, there are thousands of bold, unique, and sometimes hand-embellished couture dresses to pick from. A prom-style dress, or something that is 'old school' (and not in a good way), won't cut it anymore. Stars such as Tilda Swinton, Kate Hudson, Julianne Moore and Lupita  are very much led by creative stylists who push boundaries. And it has made the world a much brighter place, fashion-wise. Stars like Kate Hudson, left, at the Oscars 2014, and Julianne Moore, right, at the Golden Globes, are very much led by creative stylists who push boundaries, shunning standard black dresses for more daring cuts and textures. The more extreme dressers, like Lady Gaga and Rihanna, are pushing the envelope even further, often championing new and emerging designers; something we wouldn't have seen years ago. And we mustn't forget the late, great Joan Rivers - the one fearless, say-what-she-thought red carpet critic who single-handily turned red carpets into a thing to be watched by the whole world. Speaking about the shift, celebrity dresser and HTC selfie stylist, Alexis Knox, who has worked with the likes of Miley Cyrus and Rita Ora, said: 'Red carpet style makes me so happy because it's not necessarily about sticking strictly to trends but more about wearing what you love and letting it be an extension of your personality. 'We've seen everything from tuxedos to top and skirt combos and while I think it's important to dress appropriately, you only get one shot on the red carpet so you may as well maximise your experience through your outfit. Getting ready is half the fun!'.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: