Authorities are investigating whether Fox Lake Police Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz and his son, Donald, a soldier in the Army, conducted a sham marriage with the rogue cop’s mistress to improperly take money and benefits from the Army, according to a source familiar with the investigation. 
  
 Investigators have found that Joseph Gliniewicz was having an affair with a woman who had recently gotten divorced and needed money to buy food as well as health care benefits for her two children, the source said. 
  
 Gliniewicz allegedly arranged for his son, Donald “D.J.” Gliniewicz to marry the woman for a brief period of time while Donald Gliniewicz served in the Army, the source said. 
  
 With the addition of the family, Donald Gliniewicz would get about $1,750 a month for being married and having two children to support, the source said. Gliniewicz’s mistress would get $500, and Donald Gliniewicz would get the rest. 
  
 The two were married for about a year, the source said. A dissolution of marriage was filed in Lake County at the end of 2014, records show. 
  
 D.J. Gliniewicz could not be immediately reached for comment Thursday night. ||||| Gliniewicz autopsy report 
  
  
  
 Disgraced Fox Lake Police Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz was portrayed as a hero immediately after his staged shooting death, but his personnel records, released by the village Thursday after months of delay, show a much different story: an officer who repeatedly faced complaints that he was drunk in public, deceptive and sexually harassed women. 
  
 In a Feb. 1, 2009, letter sent to the village mayor, submitted by anonymous members of the Fox Lake Police Department, officers complained about Gliniewicz making threats and sexually harassing a dispatcher; having to be escorted out of bars by bouncers because he was highly intoxicated; stiffing another bar on a $300 tab; taking his family on vacation to Wisconsin in his squad car; grabbing women’s breasts at department Christmas parties; and being found repeatedly drunk in public and being belligerent with officers who confronted him. 
  
 A Fox Lake dispatcher wrote in an April 2003 memo about a comment Gliniewicz made about putting “a round of bullets” in her chest. She said she couldn’t recall the exact comment, nor her response. But she said Gliniewicz then replied, “not if they don’t find the body, and there are a lot of lakes around here.” She said she initially felt threatened, but later realized he was joking. 
  
 Records also show that Gliniewicz had attempted elaborate subterfuges to get himself out of trouble in the past. 
  
 In 1988, a detective reported Gliniewicz to a supervisor after officers found Gliniewicz passed out behind the wheel of his pickup truck about 1 a.m. The truck was parked on the shoulder with “the engine running full-throttle” as the unconscious and unresponsive Gliniewicz sat with this foot on the gas. 
  
 The letter indicates the detective arrived at the scene after officers who responded could not rouse Gliniewicz. The detective had the truck towed and took Gliniewicz home, only to find the next day that Gliniewicz had reported the truck stolen. When he called Gliniewicz’s home, the answering machine message said Gliniewicz was out looking for his truck. 
  
 When questioned by the detective — the same officer who had driven him home the night before — Gliniewicz said he had been drinking at a bar and could not recall what happened to his truck, but that his roommate’s girlfriend had seen the truck parked at his house about 4 a.m. 
  
 The new revelations about Gliniewicz came as the Fox Lake village administrator said Thursday that reports that Gliniewicz had explored hiring a hit man to kill her were “quite unbelievable and almost surreal.” 
  
 “My concern is my family. It’s quite unbelievable and almost surreal,” Village Administrator Anne Marrin said at a news conference Thursday. Marrin said she did not think her safety was at risk now. 
  
 Authorities said Wednesday that Gliniewicz staged his suicide on Sept. 1 to look like a murder. He faced mounting pressure as Marrin audited the finances of a police youth group he led. The rogue officer feared that she would discover that he had been stealing tens of thousands of dollars meant for kids that he spent on porn, a gym membership, his mortgage and vacations. 
  
 Shortly after she was hired, Marrin began auditing all village programs. In March, she started a review of the village’s police Explorers program, a youth program for teens interested in law enforcement careers run by Gliniewicz. 
  
 In text messages released by the Lake County Major Crimes Task Force on Wednesday, Gliniewicz was clearly distressed that the audit would reveal his embezzlement from the youth group, and he seemed to consider Marrin an enemy. Gliniewicz said he had “MANY SCENARIOS” to get rid of his unsuspecting adversary, from discrediting her by planting evidence to dumping her body in a remote nature area near the Wisconsin and Illinois border. 
  
 The Chicago Sun-Times reported Wednesday that Gliniewicz had explored hiring a hit man to kill her. He had reached out to a high-ranking member of the infamous Outlaw motorcycle gang, authorities said. 
  
 Investigators also found cocaine in Gliniewicz’s desk, and given his mentions of planting evidence, speculated that he was considering planting it on Marrin, authorities said. 
  
 At the press conference, Marrin said she was unaware of her role as Gliniewicz’s nemesis. The two seldom talked, usually only ahead of village events where the Explorers helped police manage traffic and parking, she said. 
  
 “Most of our interactions were very pleasant,” Marrin said. 
  
 Marrin said there were numerous questions once she began looking into the Explorers: Gliniewicz could not provide a roster of participants or parental consent forms, and the group seemed not to have a budget. Gliniewicz had direct control over program funds, Marrin said. 
  
 “There were a lot of red flags,” she said. 
  
 The day before Gliniewicz staged his suicide, Marrin had asked him to complete an inventory of Explorers equipment kept at a village building, a requirement for the village to review its liability insurance. Gliniewicz failed to turn over the list, and in a text message to an unnamed person, he wrote: “She now has demanded a complete inventory of exploder [sic] central and a financial report . . . FML.” 
  
 Marrin emailed Gliniewicz and asked for the inventory list again the morning of Sept. 1. 
  
 “He said, ‘I will have it to you by noon or 1 o’clock,’” Marrin said. 
  
 Shortly before 8 a.m. that morning, Gliniewicz radioed dispatchers to say he was investigating “suspicious activity” at a remote abandoned cement plant and saw three men there. Back-up officers Gliniewicz had requested found him fatally shot. 
  
 In the days that followed, hundreds of police joined the search for suspects, and Fox Lake residents hosted fundraisers and mourned the 30-year-veteran officer with prayer vigils and a hero’s funeral. Investigators this week said Gliniewicz committed suicide, staging his death to make it appear he had died in struggle with his fictional assailants. ||||| Please enable Javascript to watch this video 
  
 The Gliniewicz family reportedly took part in a sham marriage to boost the military benefits to the lieutenant’s son. 
  
 Sources tell WGN Investigates that officials were briefed about the possibility prior to Wednesday’s news conference where Lt. Joe Gliniewicz’s death was declared a suicide. 
  
 WGN is told the information was gathered during the investigation of the lieutenant’s life as authorities came to the suicide conclusion. 
  
 According to sources, Gliniewicz, who was married, had an affair with a woman. He later arranged to have that woman marry his son, D.J. Gliniewicz, who is in the army in order to boost the military benefits for D.J., since being married could add up to thousands more per year. 
  
 WGN Investigates learned that marriage did not last long between D.J. and a woman named Kathryn Grams. The marriage was dissolved just after Christmas, 2014. 
  
 Sources say the question now is whether D.J. could face court martial as information about the sham army marriage comes to light. 
  
 WGN obtained part of Lt. Gliniewicz's personnel file that details a history of complaints going back two decades. 
  
 They include: 
  
 His failure to show up at work on occasion. 
  
 An incidence when he passed out in his truck, with the engine running, after a night of drinking. Officers were unable to wake him. They took him home. The next day Gliniewicz had no memory of the incident and thought his truck had been stolen. 
  
 There are also complaints from bar owners complaining about Gliniewicz drinking to excess. 
  
 He was accused of groping a woman's breast at a Christmas party. 
  
 Frustrated officers in 2009 sent a letter to the Village Board complaining that the former police chief ignored Glienewicz's numerous sexual harassment complaints and intoxication. 
  
 Read the full complaints here and here. |||||

Write a summary.