Article:
Belgian authorities announced on Tuesday that they had discovered the remarkably well-preserved wreck of a World War I German submarine, commonly called a U-boat, off the coast of West Flanders. 
  
 "It's quite amazing that we found something like this," Western Flanders Governor Carl Decaluwe told the Associated Press, calling the find "very unique." 
  
 "The impact damage was at the front, but the submarine remains closed and there are 23 people still onboard." 
  
 Read also: Wreck of WWII ship Indianapolis found in Pacific, 72 years later 
  
 The UB II-type submarine was found 25-30 meters (82-98 feet) below the surface on the floor of the North Sea. About 18 such vessels were stationed with the Flanders Flotilla in Bruges between 1915 and 1918 in order to disrupt British trade routes in the English Channel and the North Sea. 
  
 Thirteen of the submarines were destroyed, of which authorities have found 11. But, according to the local government, this recent find is the "best preserved" of them all. 
  
 Researchers believe that the damage to the front of the vessel indicates that it struck a mine with its upper deck. Governor Decaluwe said he had contacted the German ambassador to Belgium about proper disposal of the sailors' remains. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance Misery captured in stone Sculptress Käthe Kollwitz needed 18 years to complete her work "Mourning Parents." In October 1914, Kollwitz's son Peter was sent to the front in Flanders. He was killed less than a week later at the age of 18. He is buried at the foot of the sculpture of the father in the Vladslo Military Cemetery. 25,644 young men are buried there. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance Langemarck: misused by the Nazis When the First World War was declared in August 1914, newspapers were full of reports of young volunteers eagerly setting off to combat whistling the German national anthem. That trope was later used for Nazi propaganda in the Third Reich, but it was hardly the whole truth. The young volunteers were badly trained and equipped, and many ended up in graves at Langemarck Cemetery. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance Hill 60: a coveted vantage point There are remains of bunkers all over Ypres, but this one is special. Hill 60 was the highest point in an otherwise flat terrain, and whoever controlled it had a better view of the enemy - especially as all the trees in the area had been smashed to smithereens. Battles for Hill 60 went on for years. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance The largest British cemetery on the continent 11,956 British Commonwealth soldiers lie buried in Tyne Cot. The names of 34,957 of their comrades, whose remains were never recovered because of constant artillery fire, are engraved on the interior walls. Farmers from the area still find human bones when plowing their fields. The cemetery was called Tyne Cot because German pillboxes reminded British troops of Northern English cottages. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance Status warfare The German plan in the First World War was to launch a lightning-quick invasion of Belgium and overrun France from the north. It didn't work. Instead, the two sides dug in for four long years of trench warfare in which the frontlines barely moved. This reconstructed trench is part of the Memorial Museum in Passchendaele. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance Chemical warfare For the first time in human history, in the area near Ypres, German troops employed gas as a weapon of war. Chlorine gas caused enemy soldiers to choke to death. The Allies were outraged but followed suit with chemical weapons of their own. In July 1917, the Germans tested out a new mustard gas known as "Ypérite." It ate away at enemies' skin. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance What's left of Passchendaele Today Passchendaele is a part of the Zonnebeke district. After one hundred days of brutal fighting, from July 31 to early November 1917, there was little left of the town except a gigantic pile of rubble and a village pond that had been turned into a quagmire by all the shelling. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance WW1 tourism Today, Ypres is a popular destination for British tourists, and store restaurants and hotels have adapted to this clientele. One hotel even offers a room in camouflage look with gasoline cannisters as night tables. The walls of the breakfast room are also covered in camouflage netting. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance Tragic decoration In 1928, a decade after the end of the war, German writer Stefan Zweig visited Ypres. He wrote that there were so many names written on the freshly opened Menin Memorial Gate that they became a kind of "ornamentation." The names represent 55,000 Commonwealth soldiers whose remains were never recovered. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance From all over the Commonwealth The names on Menin Memorial Gate attest to the international nature of the British-led forces. Soldiers came from as far away as Africa, India, Pakistan, New Zealand, Australia and Canada. These young men probably had no idea what they were letting themselves in for. 
  
 World War One: Sites of Remembrance Remembering the dead Since the Menin Gate was unveiled in 1928, the "Last Post" bugle call is played there every night at 8PM. The ceremony was originally intended to honor just the British dead, but people of various nationalities have begun taking part. As a result, Menin Gate has become a main site of First World War remembrance. Author: Jefferson Chase 
  
  
  
 es/kl (AFP, Reuters) ||||| BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The well-preserved wreck of a World War One German submarine, possibly still containing the bodies of its 23 crew members, has been found off the Belgian coast. 
  
 The well-preserved wreck of a World War One German submarine, possibly still containing the bodies of 23 crew members, found off the Belgian coast, is seen in this handout picture provided by KB Vlaanderen on September 19, 2017. KB Vlaanderen- Tomas Termote/Handout via REUTERS 
  
 The use of submarines, often referred to as U-boats, in World War One to disrupt British trade routes in the English Channel and the North Sea was a key part of German tactics. 
  
 The 93 German U-boats stationed in Belgian ports downed more than 2,500 ships but were also a target themselves, with 70 of them lost at sea, killing 1,200 sailors. 
  
 It was not yet clear which of the 11 known wrecks of the German submarines had been found, and authorities said they would not give the exact location of the wreck to deter looters. 
  
 “Of the 11 downed U-Boats in Belgian waters, this one is the best preserved example,” the province of West Flanders said. 
  
 Belgium’s North Sea minister said he would investigate whether the wreck could be recognized as a heritage site. ||||| An intact German submarine from the First World War containing the bodies of 23 people has been found on the bottom of the ocean off the coast of Belgium. 
  
 The U-boat, a UB II-type submarine, was found between 82 and 98 feet below the surface, with damage to its upper deck. 
  
 Carl Decaluwe, the governor of Western Flanders, said the find on the floor of the North Sea is “unique”. 
  
 “It’s quite amazing that we found something like this,” he said. 
  
 “The impact damage was at the front, but the submarine remains closed and there are 23 people still onboard.” 
  
 The boat, which is 88 feet long and 20 feet wide and was found encrusted with barnacles and seaweed, appears to have struck a mine. 
  
 Two torpedo tubes have been destroyed but the lower tube is intact and closed. 
  
 Decaluwe, who said the U-boat was found by researchers, declined to provide details about its location until the site has been protected. 
  
 He has contacted the German ambassador because “we need to see what can do” with the remains. 
  
 Around 18 U-boats were stationed with the Flanders Flotilla in Bruges between 1915 and 1918. 
  
 Thirteen of them were destroyed and this is the 11th wreckage to be found in Belgian waters. 
  
 Allied warships and cargo ships were easy pickings for the German subs that were launched from Bruges, just across the English Channel. 
  
 A website, Uboat.net, tracks the submarines lost in both World War One and World War One, as well as casualties suffered by their staff. 
  
 According to the BBC, of the 375 German submarines that set sail from German ports in World War One, 202 were lost in action, and of 17,000 men who served, more than 5,100 lost their lives. 
  
 The German submarines, however, managed to sink 2,600 allied shipping vessels. 
  
 Earlier this year, unseen photographs of German World War One submarines washed up on the English coast were published for the very first time. 
  
 Historic England revealed the images to mark the centenary of Germany’s declaration of unrestricted submarine warfare on Britain. 
  
 Last year, the a German U-boat was been discovered at the bottom of the sea off the Scottish coast. 
  
 Experts believe it to be the UB-85, a submarine which was sunk by HMS Coreopsis in 1918. 
  
  
  
  |||||Summary: