Summarize this article:

Team owner Robert Kraft lent out the New England Patriots’ team plane, shown here in a file photo. 
  
 Students and families from Parkland, Fla., were transported to Washington, D.C., ahead of the “March for Our Lives” against gun violence this Saturday with the help of the New England Patriots. 
  
 On Thursday, team owner Robert Kraft provided the team’s official plane to fly the families of the 17 victims of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting and some of the students who were injured to the nation’s capital for the event, Patriots spokesman Stacey James said. 
  
 James said Kraft decided to lend the plane to those affected by the shooting after former Arizona representative Gabrielle Giffords and her husband, Mark Kelly, reached out to him and asked for the favor. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 Kelly and his wife founded “Giffords,” a gun violence prevention organization, after Giffords survived being shot in the head in Arizona during a public event in 2011. 
  
 Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news. Get what you need today in this early-morning email. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here 
  
 According to the Washington Post, Kelly said the students wanted to get to Washington for the march, so they helped to make that happen. 
  
 “Not only did their friends and teachers get shot and killed, other friends shot and injured . . . most of them, they had bullets flying over their heads,” Kelly told the Post this week. “This is not fair that they have to deal with something like this at their age.” 
  
 The plane took off from Fort Lauderdale Thursday, James said, and will bring the students and families back to Florida following the march. He was not aware of any Patriots players on the flight. Kraft was not with them. 
  
 “No report other than they took off and everyone was happy,” James said. 
  
 Advertisement 
  
 The Patriots debuted the so-called “AirKraft,” a Boeing wide-body 767 that features the team’s logo and an image of five Vince Lombardi trophies on its tail, in 2017. It’s one of two that the team owns. 
  
 Some of the most prominent student activists from Stoneman Douglas were in Cambridge earlier this week to participate in a panel at Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government about the gun-control movement building across the country. 
  
 Thousands of people are expected to participate in the march in Washington to call for stricter gun control measures Saturday, according to event organizers. Similar protests are taking place around the country the same day, including in Boston. 
  
 Students shared photos on social media Thursday of themselves getting ready to board the plane. Others thanked Kraft and the Patriots for allowing them to borrow the “AirKraft.” 
  
 Thank you @Patriots for donating your plane to fly @ShineMsd to Washington DC We appreciate your support! pic.twitter.com/JGnN0jNjoe — Kali Clougherty #ShineMSD (@kali4change) March 23, 2018 
  
 Heading to D.C. & I?m so thankful to be here with so many amazing people. Thank you @Patriots for donating your plane to help us get to D.C.! And always so happy to have @isabelabarry by my side through everything I do? pic.twitter.com/o8I7EfzQED — soy | #shineMSD (@SawyerRayne) March 22, 2018 
  
 We are headed to DC! Hope to see everyone there @AMarch4OurLives We @ShineMsd are so thankful to the @Patriots for lending their plane to us. Let?s make history together this weekend!! — Alex Moscou (@MoscouAlex) March 22, 2018 
  
 Thank you so much @Patriots for your generosity! We are so grateful to have been lent your plane to fly up to Washington DC. See you at the march!! — ShineMSD (@ShineMsd) March 22, 2018 
  
 Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com ||||| The New England Patriots loaned its team plane to Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students and their families traveling to Washington, D.C., for the March For Our Lives rally. 
  
 Interested in Gun Control? Add Gun Control as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Gun Control news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest 
  
 Patriots owner Robert Kraft reached out to the school to offer the use of the private plane for the cause, parent Meredith Barry told ABC News. 
  
 Barry took the luxury flight to D.C. on Thursday from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport alongside her 16-year-old daughter, Isabela Barry, a junior at the school who hid in a closet during the Feb. 14 shooting. Isabela's best friend, 17-year-old Helena Ramsay, was one of the 17 people who died that day. 
  
 Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School students and their families boarding the @Patriots plane from #FLL to attend the #MarchForOurLives rally in Washington, DC this weekend. #MSDStrong pic.twitter.com/Ja0HwMEwfS — Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood Int'l Airport (FLL) (@FLLFlyer) March 23, 2018 
  
 Everything about the flight was "amazing," Barry said, down to the hospitality of the flight crew, who provided "lots of hugs" and "lots of love on that plane yesterday." 
  
 Each seat was like "first class" and had a gift and a letter from Kraft in it, Barry said. Food and drinks were served, and a Patriots senior operations manager aboard the flight passed around the team's Super Bowl LI championship ring for everyone to see, Barry said. 
  
 Meredith Barry 
  
 Courtesy Meredith Barry 
  
 Courtesy Meredith Barry 
  
 In the letter, Kraft expressed his support for the families on behalf of the Patriots organization. 
  
 "In the wake of incredible tragedy, we have hurt for you, mourned with you and been inspired by you," the letter read. "It is an honor for us to now partner with you as you push for progress." 
  
 Most of the families of victims who were killed or injured were on the flight, Barry said. While being there was "surreal," Barry described the experience as a "giant family yesterday on that plane." 
  
 "There's definitely a lot of emotions," Barry said. "It's very overwhelming, but you can tell there's a common goal with everyone here and what we're trying to do." 
  
 The MSD students who survived the shooting are still "scared," especially at the onset of venturing into a large crowd, Barry said. 
  
 But "they know is this something they have to do, because they need to be heard," she said. 
  
 Courtesy Meredith Barry 
  
 Roberta Weber, whose 16-year-old daughter, Melanie Weber, and 14-year-old son, Jake Weber, attend MSD, said the students are "passionate about this cause." 
  
 "We will not rest until something is done," she said. "It cannot go on the way it is now." 
  
 Weber and Melanie took the "wonderful" flight up to D.C. together, where "everybody was so sweet and so kind," she said. 
  
 While the perks did lift their spirits, they were also a staunch reminder as to why they were traveling to the march in the first place. 
  
 "It cheers us up a little, but it's also with a heavy heart," Weber said. "We would not have any of this if [the shooting] had not happened." 
  
 Courtesy Meredith Barry 
  
 Barry and Weber's daughters are traveling on behalf of the newly minted Shine MSD, an organization started by the school's drama club that aims to provide healing in the community through the arts and help students find a voice through music. Two students wrote a song called "Shine," which will be performed during the march. 
  
 "They're trying to find a way to speak," Barry said. "It's hard to talk. They kind of break down a lot. They're trying to find ways to heal, but in a positive way." 
  
 Thank you so much @Patriots for your generosity! We are so grateful to have been lent your plane to fly up to Washington DC. See you at the march!! — ShineMSD (@ShineMsd) March 22, 2018 
  
 Weber's son, Jake, lost a good friend in the shooting and decided to not attend the march, she said, adding that her children have been dealing with the tragedy in different ways. While Melanie has found her activist voice -- even traveling to Tallahassee with other students to demonstrate for gun safety -- Jake has been more reclusive with his emotions. 
  
 Suresh Atapattu/Atapattu.net 
  
 On Sunday, when the activists leave D.C., the Patriots team plane will also be used for their return flight home. 
  
 "What the Patriots did and the way they treated everybody was unbelievable," Barry said. 
  
 True to her Floridian roots, Barry typically roots for the Miami Dolphins, she said. But, another team in the NFL's AFC East may have just wiggled their way into her heart. 
  
 "If I could hug every Patriot right now, I would," she said. 
  
 The Patriots did not respond to ABC News' request for comment. 
  
 Thousands of demonstrators are expected to attend the March for Our Lives rally, organized by the MSD students in the wake of the shooting that targeted their classmates and teachers. 
  
 Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP/Getty Images 
  
 Mario Tama/Getty Images 
  
 Students are using the slogan "Never Again" and calling on lawmakers to make schools safer and enact tougher gun laws. 
  
 The march will start at noon ET in Washington, D.C., on Saturday. |||||