Given the question: Information:  - Austrofascism was the authoritarian rule installed in Austria with the May Constitution of 1934, which ceased with the annexation of the newly founded Federal State of Austria into Nazi Germany in 1938. It was based on a ruling party, the Fatherland Front ("Vaterländische Front") and the Heimwehr (Home Guard) paramilitary militia. Leaders were Engelbert Dollfuss and, after Dollfuss's assassination, Kurt Schuschnigg, who were previously politicians of the Christian Social Party, which was quickly integrated into the new movement.  - Engelbert Dollfuss (; October 4, 1892  July 25, 1934) was an Austrian Christian Social and Patriotic Front statesman. Having served as Minister for Forests and Agriculture, he ascended to Federal Chancellor in 1932 in the midst of a crisis for the conservative government. In early 1933, he shut down parliament, banned the Austrian Nazi party and assumed dictatorial powers. Suppressing the Socialist movement in February 1934, he cemented the rule of austrofascism through the authoritarian "First of May Constitution". Dollfuss was assassinated as part of a failed coup attempt by Nazi agents in 1934. His successor Kurt Schuschnigg maintained the regime until Adolf Hitlers annexation of Austria in 1938.  - The Kingdom of Italy was a state founded from 1861, when King Victor Emmanuel II of Sardinia was proclaimed King of Italy, to 1946, when a constitutional referendum led civil discontent to abandon the monarchy and form the Italian Republic. The state was founded as a result of the unification of Italy under the influence of the Kingdom of Sardinia, which can be considered its legal predecessor state.  - The Heimwehr ("Home Guard") or sometimes Heimatschutz ("Homeland Protection") were a nationalist, initially paramilitary group operating within Austria during the 1920s and 1930s; they were similar in methods, organisation, and ideology to Germany's Freikorps. Although opposed to parliamentary democracy, the Heimwehr maintained a political wing known as the Heimatblock, which cooperated with Engelbert Dollfuss' conservative government. In 1936, the Heimwehr was absorbed into the Fatherland Front by decree of Chancellor Kurt von Schuschnigg and replaced by a militia supposedly less inclined towards uproar against the regime, the "Frontmiliz".  - Italian Fascism, also known simply as Fascism, is the original fascist ideology, as developed in Italy. The ideology is associated with the National Fascist Party, which under Benito Mussolini ruled the Kingdom of Italy from 1922 until 1943, the Republican Fascist Party that ruled the Italian Social Republic from 1943 to 1945, the post-war Italian Social Movement and subsequent Italian neo-fascist movements.  - Nazi Germany is the common English name for the period in German history from 1933 to 1945, when Germany was governed by a dictatorship under the control of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party (NSDAP). Under Hitler's rule, Germany was transformed into a fascist state in which the Nazi Party took totalitarian control over nearly all aspects of life. The official name of the state was "Deutsches Reich" from 1933 to 1943 and "Großdeutsches Reich" ("Greater German Reich") from 1943 to 1945. The period is also known under the names the Third Reich and the National Socialist Period (abbreviated as "NS-Zeit"). The Nazi regime came to an end after the Allied Powers defeated Germany in May 1945, ending World War II in Europe.  - Fascism is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism that came to prominence in early 20th-century Europe. The first fascist movements emerged in Italy during World War I, before it spread to other European countries. Opposed to liberalism, Marxism, and anarchism, fascism is usually placed on the far-right within the traditional leftright spectrum.  - The National Fascist Party ("Partito Nazionale Fascista", PNF) was an Italian political party, created by Benito Mussolini as the political expression of fascism (previously represented by groups known as "Fasci"). The party ruled Italy from 1922 when Fascists took power with the March on Rome, to 1943, when Mussolini was deposed by the Grand Council of Fascism.  - Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini (29 July 1883  28 April 1945) was an Italian politician, journalist, and leader of the National Fascist Party ("Partito Nazionale Fascista"; PNF), ruling the country as Prime Minister from 1922 to 1943. He ruled constitutionally until 1925, when he dropped all pretense of democracy and set up a legal dictatorship. Known as "Il Duce" (The Leader), Mussolini was the founder of Italian Fascism.  - Italy, officially the Italian Republic, is a unitary parliamentary republic in Europe. Located in the heart of the Mediterranean Sea, Italy shares open land borders with France, Switzerland, Austria, Slovenia, San Marino and Vatican City. Italy covers an area of and has a largely temperate seasonal climate and Mediterranean climate; due to its shape, it is often referred to in Italy as "lo Stivale" (the Boot). With 61 million inhabitants, it is the fourth most populous EU member state.  - Kurt Alois Josef Johann Schuschnigg (14 December 1897  18 November 1977) was Chancellor of the Federal State of Austria from the 1934 assassination of his predecessor Engelbert Dollfuss until the 1938 "Anschluss" with Nazi Germany. He was opposed to Hitler's ambitions to absorb Austria into the Third Reich.  - Adolf Hitler (20 April 1889  30 April 1945) was a German politician who was the leader of the Nazi Party ("Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei"; NSDAP), Chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945, and Führer ("Leader") of Nazi Germany from 1934 to 1945. As dictator of the German Reich, he initiated World War II in Europe with the invasion of Poland in September 1939 and was central to the Holocaust.  - The Italian Social Republic, informally known as the Republic of Salò, was a state with limited recognition that was created during the later part of World War II (in existence from 1943 until 1945). Mussolini had originally intended to call his new republic the Italian Socialist Republic. It was the second and last incarnation of the Fascist Italian state and was led by Duce Benito Mussolini and his reformed Republican Fascist Party. The state declared Rome as its capital, but was "de facto" centered on Salò (hence its colloquial name), a small town on Lake Garda, near Brescia, where Mussolini and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was headquartered. The RSI exercised nominal sovereignty in northern and central Italy, but was largely dependent on German troops to maintain control.  - The Republican Fascist Party (PFR) was a political party led by Benito Mussolini during the German occupation of Central and Northern Italy. It was founded as the successor of former National Fascist Party as an anti-monarchist party. It considered King Victor Emmanuel III to be a traitor after he had signed the surrender to the Allied powers.  - The Fatherland Front ( German : Vaterländische Front , VF ) was the ruling political organisation of `` Austrofascism '' . It claimed to be a nonpartisan movement , and aimed to unite all the people of Austria , overcoming political and social divisions . Established on 20 May 1933 by Christian Social Chancellor Engelbert Dollfuss as a one - party along the lines of Italian Fascism , it advocated Austrian nationalism and independence from Nazi Germany on the basis of protecting Austria 's Catholic religious identity from what they considered a Protestant - dominated German state . The Fatherland Front which was strongly linked with Austria 's Catholic clergy , absorbed Dollfuss 's Christian Social Party , the agrarian Landbund and the right - wing paramilitary Heimwehren , all of which were opposed to socialism , free - market capitalism and liberal democracy . It established an authoritarian and corporatist regime , the Federal State of Austria , which is commonly known in German as the Ständestaat ( `` corporate state '' ) . According to the Fatherland Front , this form of government and society implemented the social teaching of Pope Pius XI 's 1931 encyclical Quadragesimo anno . The Front banned and persecuted all its political opponents , including Communists , Social Democrats -- who fought against it in a brief Civil War in February 1934 -- but also the Austrian Nazis who wanted Austria to join Hitler 's Greater German Empire . Chancellor Dollfuss was assassinated by the Nazis in July 1934 . He was succeeded as leader of the VF and Chancellor of Austria by Kurt Schuschnigg , who ruled until the invigorated Nazis forced him to resign on 11 March 1938 . Austria was annexed by Nazi Germany the next day . The Fatherland Front maintained a cultural and recreational organisation , called `` New Life '' ( Neues Leben ) , similar to Germany 's Strength Through Joy . The role of the Fatherland Front has been a contentious point in post-War Austrian historiography . While left - wing historians consider it to be...    What entity does 'fatherland front ' has the relation 'instance of' with?
The answer is: