Question: Information:  - New Caledonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean, east of Australia and east of Metropolitan France. The archipelago, part of the Melanesia subregion, includes the main island of Grande Terre, the Loyalty Islands, the Chesterfield Islands, the Belep archipelago, the Isle of Pines, and a few remote islets. The Chesterfield Islands are in the Coral Sea. Locals refer to Grande Terre as "" ("the pebble").  - Auckland is a city in the North Island of New Zealand. It is the most populous urban area in the country. Auckland has a population of , which constitutes percent of New Zealand's population. It is part of the wider Auckland Regionthe area governed by the Auckland Councilwhich also includes outlying rural areas and the islands of the Hauraki Gulf, resulting in a total population of . Auckland also has the largest Polynesian population of any city in the world. The Mori language name for Auckland is or , meaning "Tmaki with a hundred lovers", in reference to the desirability of its fertile land at the hub of waterways in all directions. It has also been called karana, the Mori enunciation of "Auckland".  - The Otara River is found in the north of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north for , reaching the sea at Opotiki in the eastern Bay of Plenty. It shares its estuary with the Waioeka River.  - Opotiki is a small town in the eastern Bay of Plenty in the North Island of New Zealand. It houses the headquarters of the Opotiki District Council and comes under the Bay of Plenty Regional Council.  - The Waioeka River is found in the north of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north for from Te Urewera National Park to reach the sea at Opotiki. It shares its estuary with the Otara River.  - The North Island or Te Ika-a-Mui ("Mori") is one of the two main islands of New Zealand, separated from the slightly larger but much less populous South Island by Cook Strait. The island's area is , making it the world's 14th-largest island. It has a population of   - Te Urewera is an area of mostly forested, sparsely populated rugged hill country in the North Island of New Zealand, much of it in the northern Hawke's Bay Region, and some in the eastern Bay of Plenty Region. Much of it is in the Huiarau, Ikawhenua, and Maungapohatu ranges, and there are also lowland areas in the north. The Waikaremoana and Waikareiti lakes lie in the south-eastern part.  - The Southern Alps (Mori: K Tiritiri o te Moana ) are a mountain range extending along much of the length of New Zealand's South Island, reaching its greatest elevations near the island's western side. The term "Southern Alps" generally refers to the entire range, although separate names are given to many of the smaller ranges that form part of it.  - Tectonic uplift is the portion of the total geologic uplift of the mean Earth surface that is not attributable to an isostatic response to unloading. While isostatic response is important, an increase in the mean elevation of a region can only occur in response to tectonic processes of crustal thickening (such as mountain building events), changes in the density distribution of the crust and underlying mantle, and flexural support due to the bending of rigid lithosphere.  - A national park is a park in use for conservation purposes. Often it is a reserve of natural, semi-natural, or developed land that a sovereign state declares or owns. Although individual nations designate their own national parks differently, there is a common idea: the conservation of 'wild nature' for posterity and as a symbol of national pride. An international organization, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), and its World Commission on Protected Areas, has defined "National Park" as its "Category II" type of protected areas.  - The Pacific Ocean is the largest of the Earth's oceanic divisions. It extends from the Arctic Ocean in the north to the Southern Ocean (or, depending on definition, to Antarctica) in the south and is bounded by Asia and Australia in the west and the Americas in the east.  - The Koranga River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand 's North Island . It lies to the east of Te Urewera National Park , to the southwest of the settlement of Matawai , and flows northwest to reach its outflow into the Waioeka River .  - Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania and numerous smaller islands. It is the world's sixth-largest country by total area. The neighbouring countries are Papua New Guinea, Indonesia and East Timor to the north; the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu to the north-east; and New Zealand to the south-east. Australia's capital is Canberra, and its largest urban area is Sydney.  - Te Urewera National Park was established as a national park in New Zealand's Te Urewera area in 1954 and disestablished as such in 2014, when it was replaced by a legal entity named "Te Urewera". It was the largest of four national parks in the North Island. Covering an area of approximately 2,127 km², it was in the north of the Hawke's Bay region of the North Island.  - Cook Strait lies between the North and South Islands of New Zealand. It connects the Tasman Sea on the northwest with the South Pacific Ocean on the southeast, and runs next to the capital city, Wellington. It is wide at its narrowest point, and is considered one of the most dangerous and unpredictable waters in the world.  - Wellington is the capital city and second most populous urban area of New Zealand, with residents. It is at the south-western tip of the North Island, between Cook Strait and the Rimutaka Range. Wellington is the major population centre of the southern North Island and is the administrative centre of the Wellington Region, which also includes the Kapiti Coast and Wairarapa. As the nation's capital city, the New Zealand Government and Parliament, Supreme Court and most of the civil service are based in the city.  - The South Island or Te Waipounamu ("Mori") is the larger of the two major islands of New Zealand, the other being the smaller but more populous North Island. It is bordered to the north by Cook Strait, to the west by the Tasman Sea, and to the south and east by the Pacific Ocean. The South Island covers and is influenced by a temperate climate.  - Tonga (or ; Tongan: "Puleanga Fakatui o Tonga"), officially the Kingdom of Tonga, is a Polynesian sovereign state and archipelago comprising 169 islands of which 36 are inhabited. The total surface area is about scattered over of the southern Pacific Ocean. It has a population of 103,000 people of whom 70% reside on the main island of Tongatapu.  - New Zealand is an island nation in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The country geographically comprises two main landmassesthat of the North Island, or Te Ika-a-Mui, and the South Island, or Te Waipounamuand numerous smaller islands. New Zealand is situated some east of Australia across the Tasman Sea and roughly south of the Pacific island areas of New Caledonia, Fiji, and Tonga. Because of its remoteness, it was one of the last lands to be settled by humans. During its long period of isolation, New Zealand developed a distinct biodiversity of animal, fungal and plant life. The country's varied topography and its sharp mountain peaks, such as the Southern Alps, owe much to the tectonic uplift of land and volcanic eruptions. New Zealand's capital city is Wellington, while its most populous city is Auckland.  - The Tasman Sea (Mori: "Te Tai-o-Rehua") is a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean, situated between Australia and New Zealand. It measures about across and about from north to south. The sea was named after the Dutch explorer Abel Janszoon Tasman, who was the first recorded European to encounter New Zealand and Tasmania. The British explorer Captain James Cook later extensively navigated the Tasman Sea in the 1770s as part of his first voyage of exploration.  - Fiji ((), officially the Republic of Fiji, is an island country in Melanesia in the South Pacific Ocean about northeast of New Zealand's North Island. Its closest neighbours are Vanuatu to the west, New Caledonia to the southwest, New Zealand's Kermadec Islands to the southeast, Tonga to the east, the Samoas and France's Wallis and Futuna to the northeast, and Tuvalu to the north.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'located in the administrative territorial entity' with the subject 'koranga river'.  Choices: - auckland  - auckland region  - australia  - bay of plenty region  - bay region  - caledonia  - canberra  - centre  - chesterfield  - district  - earth  - east timor  - fiji  - futuna  - gulf  - hill  - mainland  - metropolitan france  - most  - mountain  - national park  - new zealand  - north  - north island  - northwest  - of  - pacific ocean  - papua  - river  - south  - southwest  - tasmania  - tonga  - tongatapu  - vanuatu  - wallis and futuna  - wellington  - wellington region
Answer: