By. Ryan Gorman. and Michael Zennie. A friend of the 26-year-old gunman who opened fire on a Seattle university says the shooter is a' sweet kid' but is haunted by his struggle with addiction. One student died and three others were wounded after Aaron Ybarra stormed the campus of Seattle Pacific University Thursday night with a shotgun - and a friend who had dinner with the suspect the night before the rampage says he is 'shocked' the recovering alcoholic is involved. Nate Flesch told the Seattle Post-Intelligencer that he and Ybarra attend the same Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, and that the troubled man has been sober for about one year. He spoke with the paper only hours before the suspected shooter was led into court in shackles. Scroll down for video. First court appearance: Shooting suspect Aaron Ybarra, left, is led in chains to a court hearing at a King County Jail courtroom Friday, June 6, 2014, in Seattle. Mourning: Students comfort one another during a prayer service at First Free Methodist Church on the Seattle Pacific University campus in Seattle, Washington June 6, 2014. 'For the past year and a half or so he's been trying to turn his life around,' Flesch said. 'He attends the same (Alcoholics Anonymous) classes as I do in the Lynnwood area. He's a kid that I think has been sober now for a little bit over a year.' Flesch called Ybarra 'socially awkward,' but 'sweet.' 'He's a sweet kid, he's a nice kid, very thankful, very appreciative, and I'm just kind of shocked to hear it was Aaron who was involved in this.' Ybarra would often go to the bar where Flesch works as a bartender and order a soda or juice - never alcohol. The suspected shooter also just started a new job, Flesch told the paper. 'He was. proud that they were starting to like him at his job. They were giving. him more hours, and he was excited that he would have more money. Flesch insists he has no idea 'what set [Ybarra] off,' and that he is 'flabbergasted by the sequence of events. Shell shocked: Two women embrace Friday near a prayer circle on the campus of Seattle Pacific University. Solemn: Students and other supporters form a prayer circle Friday on the campus of Seattle Pacific University. This is Aaron Ybarra, 26, who allegedly opened fire at Seattle Pacific University, killing one and wounding three. 'He was trying to turn his life around, that he was trying to be a better person, and he was kind of working on his social skills, too,' Flesch continued, adding he had lunch with Ybarra the night before the assault. 'It's a little eerie, a little scary,' said Flesch. 'To be honest with you, I'm a little heartbroken. It breaks my heart to see a kid like this, who was turning himself around, kind of just go off the deep end. I don't know what triggered it. 'For this to happen is mind-boggling, and I don't know what else to say.' The friend spoke not long after the identity of the hero who brought the onslaught to an end with a can of pepper spray was identified by police. Hero: Friends have identified Jon Meis, a 26-year-old engineering student, as the hero who stopped the gunman. Students at Seattle Pacific University say Jon Meis saved countless lives when he sprang into action as the shooter stopped to reload his weapon Thursday afternoon. The heroic engineering student reportedly hit Ybarra with the pepper spray as he ran at and tackled him, saving countless lives. Meis, 26, is engaged to be married and has 'everything to live for' friends said. But he risked his life and ended the murderous rampage. 'I'm proud of the selfless actions that my roommate, Jon Meis, showed today taking down the shooter. He is a hero,' tweeted Matt Garcia. Classmate Briana Clarke told the Seattle Times that Meis, who was on duty as a hall monitor, sprayed the attacker in the face, grabbed him around the neck and then wrestled him to the ground. 'There were a lot of shells on the ground..it looked like he was planning to go the distance and Jon stopped him,' another student told KOMO-TV. Several other students then piled on the attacker and held him until police arrived. 'But. for the great response for the people at Seattle Pacific this incident. would have been much more tragic,' assistant police chief Paul McDonagh. said Thursday night. Scroll down for video. This is the scene of the deadly shooting inside a science building at Seattle Pacific University on Thursday. Shotgun shells can be seen littering the ground. Tragedy: A victim is loaded into an ambulance on the campus of Seattle Pacific University after a shooting Thursday afternoon. A. 19-year-old male student was shot in the head and died at a nearby. hospital. A 20-year-old female student was shot in the neck and remains. in critical condition. Two other students, both males in their 20s, were wounded but are in good condition after sustaining minor injuries. The gunman has been identified as Aaron Ybarra, 26, according to KIRO-TV. Authorities say he is not a student and has no connection to Seattle Pacific University or to any of his victims. Detectives are still trying to determine why he targeted the college. Police say he is not a student, but reports indicate he had visited campus in recent weeks to scope it out. KING-TV reports that Ybarra lives with his parents in the Seattle area. He has reportedly confessed to the. shootings and even bragged about the carnage he inflicted on the campus. Authorities say he did not expect to survive the rampage. His Facebook page says he is a former janitor at LA Fitness and attended Edmonds Community College. In the panic, police believed there was a. second shooter and searched for up to an hour, possibly delaying. medical attention for the wounded, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reports. 'Hero': Jon Meis, 26, is being credited with stopping the would-be murderous rampage by tackling the gunman as he stopped to re-load. Meis is seen here with his fiancee Kaylie Sparks, whom he will marry June 21. Ybarra, 26, says he is a former janitor at LA Fitness. According to reports, he still lives with his parents in a Seattle suburb. Students who fled Otto Miller Hall were patted down and scanned by officers to ensure they were not armed. Hunt: Police officers and detectives search a home believed to be tied to shooting suspect Aaron Ybarra. Guard: Officers were parked up outside the home as detectives roamed inside searching for evidence. Search: Police outside the home believed to be connected to Ybarra. He reportedly bragged of the carnage. Armed: Police entered the house with their guns drawn last night. Authorities say the suspect is not a student. Witnesses. said the gunman barged into Otto Miller Hall - the science and. engineering building for the university - about 3.30pm on Thursday. One. witness told KIRO-TV that the gunman held his weapon on three students. and told them not to move, when they did, he shot and wounded two and shot another student in the face. The victim who was shot in the face was rushed to the hospital, where he died. 'The shooter began to reload his shotgun and a student that is the building monitor inside the hall confronted the shooter, was able to subdued the individual, and once on the ground, other students jumped on top of him and were able to pin the shooter to the ground until police arrived,' Seattle Police Captain Chris Fowler said in a press conference. Seattle Pacific is a small Christian college associated with the Free Methodist Church with a student body just of about 4,370. Medics work on one of the victims from the deadly Seattle Pacific University shooting before taking the subject to the hospital for treatment. Students were evacuated from Otto Miller Hall, where the shooting took place, and led single-file out of the building by armed officers. Students comforted each other as they frantically tried to get in touch with loved ones following the chaos of the shooting. This is believed to be the truck that belongs to the suspect, who is currently being interviewed by police. It is parked on campus near the building where he opened fire. The university was placed on lockdown and. the administrators advised students to stay inside and lock their. windows and doors and close their blinds. Students were sent an email. blast that warned: 'THIS IS NOT A DRILL.' It's unknown whether the gunman is a student at the university or whether the victims were random strangers or targeted. Some students told KCPQ-TV that they recognized the shooter, indicating that they might have recognized the gunman. Video from KIRO-TV showed a young man who appeared to be in his late teens or early 20s being led away in handcuffs. Seattle Pacific students gathered to pray after the the horrific violence on their small campus Thursday afternoon. A grieving student covers his face as he mourns the loss of a classmate at the small Methodist university. Following the lift of a lockdown in the wake of a school shooting, Seattle Pacific University faculty members Caenisha Warren, left, and Tanisha Hanson, right, embrace each other.
What are the important parts of this article?