By. Mark Shand. During my years as a conservationist, I have witnessed many shocking sights: elephants hacked to death for their ivory; rhinos butchered for the supposed healing properties of their horns; and tigers ensnared in vicious traps so that their body parts can be harvested as a cure for impotence in parts of China and South-East Asia. I thought I’d seen just about every example of man’s inhumanity to his fellow creatures. But even I was shocked by the news that Copenhagen Zoo has shot dead a perfectly healthy young giraffe named Marius. Not only shot him, but dissected his corpse in front of an audience of zoo visitors, including many young children. In a final insult, his dismembered body was fed to its resident pride of lions. Marius the giraffe was killed at Copenhagen Zoo yesterday after he was deemed 'surplus to requirements' Keepers shot the infant with a bolt gun before dissecting his body in front of a crowd including children. This came soon after reports that Longleat, one of the Britain’s most-visited safari parks, had killed six of its lions, including a lioness and four of her cubs, apparently because of overcrowding in the enclosures. Employees were said to have wept when they heard what had happened to their beloved animals when there was no obvious reason for them to have been killed. Before the cull was reported at the weekend, no explanation had been given for the lions’ absence when Longleat reopened after a long winter break. There was a sense of wanting to keep the cull quiet. Yet Copenhagen Zoo seems almost to have revelled in the publicity. After Marius had been given a last meal of rye bread, then shot with a bolt gun, the three-hour spectacle of his rather public dissection began. Thousands more watched via the internet. The zoo’s spokesman Tobias Stenbaek Bro declared that he was ‘proud’ the children had been given an unrivalled opportunity to gain  ‘huge understanding of the anatomy of a giraffe’. Meanwhile, the zoo’s scientific director, Bengt Holst, defended the execution, claiming that Marius had been ‘surplus to requirements’. The killing took place despite and offer from Yorkshire Wildlife Park to take the young male in. After the autopsy Marius was fed to the lions, with staff calling the procedure part of the 'circle of life' By this, he meant Marius had been declared too closely related genetically to the other giraffes in its breeding programme. To prevent inbreeding, it had been told by the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria (EAZA) that if it kept him, there was a danger of inbreeding and so poor Marius had to go. This was all presented as a regrettable, but ethical necessity. The decision to turn this elegant animal into cat food was justified as part of the ‘cycle of nature’. Yes, it is true that lions eat giraffes in the wild and we shouldn’t shy away from that. But a bolt-gun to the head in a zoo is very far from nature. Marius’s dismemberment on a cold  concrete floor at Copenhagen Zoo is all the more hard to bear since  his death could have been entirely avoidable. The zoo had apparently ruled out castration because it requires sedation, a high-risk procedure for giraffes as they risk breaking their necks when they drop down unconscious. Neither, according to the zoo, was contraception possible for the females with whom Marius was likely to come into contact, since this can damage a female giraffe’s internal organs. Marius’s fate seemed sealed. Then, at the very last minute, an offer to save him was made by the Yorkshire Wildlife Park, which has a state-of-the-art giraffe house and capacity for an extra male. This was rejected by Holst, who argued that any such space should be reserved for a ‘genetically more important’ giraffe. That Holst should reject their offer left Marius’s would-be saviours understandably ‘saddened’ and presumably mystified — as was the rest of the world. Why did the zoo go ahead with the slaughter regardless? And what were the parents of those children taken to watch the subsequent autopsy thinking? Do children really need to see a giraffe’s insides to appreciate what a miracle of  natural engineering such a creature represents? The only lesson I can imagine most children taking away from such an experience is that zoo keepers are only one step away from butchers. We are so very fond of animals in this country that many of us will find ourselves asking why Marius had to die in the first place. As the cull of lions at Longleat suggests, this is a problem that faces zoos all over the world. Will Travers, president of the Born Free Foundation, describes this as the ‘dirty secret’ of many zoos and wildlife parks. Last month, Marius the giraffe was killed, chopped up and fed to lions at Copenhagen Zoo in Denmark. Indeed, at the Copenhagen Zoo there have been previous culls of bears, tigers and zebras, according to one Danish newspaper. Put simply, it is that their breeding programmes are often all too effective. As Longleat has admitted, a recent increase in pregnancies had led to a 40 per cent increase in the number of cubs. With all that youthful energy, keepers noticed ‘excessive violent behaviour’ within their enclosure. In 2011, a whistle-blower at Knowsley Safari Park on Merseyside released images of carcases of animals left to rot by bins after being shot. There is no suggestion that Longleat is similarly irresponsible, but there is no escaping the fact that, like Copenhagen and all zoos, it sometimes breeds more of a particular species than it can realistically keep. In blaming a ‘recent increase in pregnancies’, Longleat seem almost to imply that circumstances were beyond their control, but theirs is a strictly controlled population of lions, so who else but the humans in charge can be blamed for any increase in their lion population? We must also question why zoos are breeding such animals in the first place. There is no question that they are often involved in invaluable conservation work. For example, Bedfordshire’s Woburn Safari Park has been successful in preserving the rare and beautiful Pere David deer, which were virtually extinct in their native China. Breeding programmes which produce too many offspring are to blame for extra culls (Marius circled) The news of Marius' demise came just a day after it was revealed a lioness and four of her cubs were put down at Longleat (pictured are lions and cubs from the same pride) But when it comes to animals such as lions, what is the point of breeding them when there is no realistic chance they can ever be released back into the wild because they are so used to being fed by their human keepers that they would be unable to fend for themselves? The same is true of elephants. There are seven specimens of this magnificent species at Copenhagen Zoo, which boasts that its Asian elephants are kept in a grand enclosure and house designed by the renowned architect Norman Foster. They say the architecture provides ‘these magnificent animals with a stimulating environment’. I have never been to Copenhagen Zoo, but it apparently occupies a site of only 27 acres and, since elephants range huge distances — sometimes hundreds of miles — in the wild, it is clearly anything but a natural environment for them. Those who defend zoos argue that they make such animals accessible to people who might otherwise never get to see them. But is our natural human desire to gawk really sufficient reason to imprison them in habitats and conditions so far from those in which they should live out their lives? And then to cut them into pieces in front of small children? I will never forget the experience of taking my daughter to London Zoo when she was eight years old. The visit was swiftly cut short when she began crying at the sight of the animals in their cages. I can only imagine her trauma had she witnessed the recent events in Copenhagen and at Longleat. The Safari park, built in the ground of Longleat House, Wiltshire (pictured), said a 'population increase' which lead a rise in violent behaviour was behind the decision to put the animals down. These travesties of all that is natural are even more unfortunate given that London is about to host an international summit on conserving endangered species, due to start this Thursday. It is a vital opportunity to address the illegal trade in wildlife parts, which is worth an estimated £12 billion a year. The fate of Marius and the Longleat lions reminds us that we must also look to the welfare of those species supposedly being protected in zoos much closer to home. Animals are not here for our entertainment, to be made into trinkets or to be killed on a whim to ‘educate’ a group of schoolchildren. Surely we should be teaching children that animals are worth more alive than dead. Otherwise what hope is there for the future of the species that are rapidly disappearing from our planet. Mark Shand is chairman of Elephant Family, a charity that campaigns for the conservation and welfare of Asian elephants and all animals that share their habitat.
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: