Answer the following question: Information:  - The UK Singles Chart (currently entitled Official Singles Chart) is compiled by the Official Charts Company (OCC), on behalf of the British record industry, listing the top-selling singles in the United Kingdom, based upon physical sales, paid-for downloads and streaming. To be eligible for the chart, a single is currently defined by the Official Charts Company (OCC) as either a 'single bundle' having no more than four tracks and not lasting longer than 25 minutes or one digital audio track not longer than 15 minutes with a minimum sale price of 40 pence. The rules have changed many times as technology has developed, the most notable being the inclusion of digital downloads in 2005 and streaming in 2014.  - White Pony is the third studio album by American alternative metal band Deftones, released on June 20, 2000 by Maverick Records. It marked a significant growth in the band's sound and is considered a turning point for the band in terms of experimentation, employing an increasingly experimental rock sound and incorporating more new wave, dream pop, trip hop, shoegaze and post-rock influences into the alternative metal sound for which the group had become known. Upon release and retrospectively, the album was met with overall critical acclaim and is generally regarded by fans and critics alike as one of their most mature outings, despite being one of the group's last albums to be described by some critics as part of the contentious nu metal genre. "White Pony" is also their highest-selling album to date. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on July 17, 2002. The album includes three successful singles ("Change (In the House of Flies)", "Back to School (Mini Maggit)" and "Digital Bath") as well as the 2001 Grammy Award-winning track for Best Metal Performance, "Elite".   - The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe. Lying off the north-western coast of the European mainland, it includes the island of Great Britain (the name of which is also loosely applied to the whole country), the north-eastern part of the island of Ireland, and many smaller islands. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK that shares a land border with another sovereign statethe Republic of Ireland. Apart from this land border, the UK is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean, with the North Sea to its east, the English Channel to its south and the Celtic Sea to its south-south-west, giving it the 12th-longest coastline in the world. The Irish Sea lies between Great Britain and Ireland. With an area of , the UK is the 78th-largest sovereign state in the world and the 11th-largest in Europe. It is also the 21st-most populous country, with an estimated 65.1 million inhabitants. Together, this makes it the fourth most densely populated country in the European Union.  - The Official Charts Company (previously known as the Chart Information Network (CIN) The Official UK Charts Company and also referred to Official Charts) is a British inter-professional organisation that compiles various "official" record charts in the United Kingdom, including the UK Singles Chart, the UK Albums Chart, the UK Singles Downloads Chart and the UK Album Downloads Chart, as well as genre-specific and music video charts. The OCC produces its charts by gathering and combining sales data from retailers through market researchers Millward Brown, and claims to cover 99% of the singles market and 95% of the album market, and aims to collect data from any retailer who sells more than 100 chart items per week.  - Nu metal (also known as nü-metal and ) is a form of that combines elements of with elements of other music genres such as hip hop, alternative rock, funk and grunge. Nu metal bands have drawn elements and influences from a variety of musical styles, including multiple genres of heavy metal. rarely features guitar solos; the genre is heavily syncopated and based on guitar riffs. Many nu metal guitarists use that are down-tuned to play a heavier sound. DJs are occasionally featured in nu metal to provide instrumentation such as sampling, turntable scratching and electronic backgrounds. Vocal styles in include singing, rapping, screaming and growling. Nu metal is one of the key genres of the New Wave of American Heavy Metal.  - Alternative rock (also called alternative music, alt-rock or simply alternative) is a genre of rock music that emerged from the independent music underground of the 1980s and became widely popular in the 1990s and 2000s. In this instance, the word "alternative" refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music. The term's original meaning was broader, referring to a generation of musicians unified by their collective debt to either the musical style or simply the independent, D.I.Y. ethos of punk rock, which in the late 1970s laid the groundwork for alternative music. At times, "alternative" has been used as a catch-all description for music from underground rock artists that receives mainstream recognition, or for any music, whether rock or not, that is seen to be descended from punk rock (including some examples of punk itself, as well as new wave, and post-punk).  - "Digital Bath" is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones from their third album, "White Pony". It was released as a promotional single.  - Dream pop (or dreampop) is a subgenre of alternative rock and neo-psychedelia that developed in the 1980s. The style is typified by a preoccupation with atmosphere and texture as much as melody.  - Alternative metal (also known as alt-metal) is a rock music genre that infuses heavy metal with influences from alternative rock and other genres not normally associated with metal. Alternative metal bands are often characterized by heavily downtuned, mid-paced guitar riffs, a mixture of accessible melodic vocals and harsh vocals and sometimes unconventional sounds within other heavy metal styles. The term has been in use since the 1980s, although it came into prominence in the 1990s.   - "Back to School (Mini Maggit)" is a song composed by the American alternative metal band Deftones. It is an altered version of the song "Pink Maggit" from the band's 2000 album "White Pony". Shortly after the album's initial release, in a contentious move by the band's label, Maverick Records, it was re-released with "Back to School (Mini Maggit)" added on. The song's style has been described as as well as rap rock.  - Trip hop is a subgenre of electronic music that originated in the early 1990s in the United Kingdom, especially Bristol. Deriving from later idioms of acid house, the term was first used by the British music media and press as a way to describe the more experimental variant of breakbeat emerging from the Bristol Sound scene, which contained influences of soul, funk and jazz. It has been described as "Europe's alternative choice in the second half of the '90s", and "a fusion of hip hop and electronica until neither genre is recognisable". Trip hop music fuses several styles and has much in common with other genres; it has several qualities similar to ambient music, and its drum-based breakdowns share characteristics with hip hop. It also contains elements of R&B, dub and house, as well as other electronic music. Trip hop can be highly experimental.  - A Grammy Award (originally called Gramophone Award), or Grammy, is an honor awarded by The Recording Academy to recognize outstanding achievement in the mainly English-language music industry. The annual presentation ceremony features performances by prominent artists, and the presentation of those awards that have a more popular interest. It shares recognition of the music industry as that of the other performance awards such as the Emmy Awards (television), the Tony Awards (stage performance), and the Academy Awards (motion pictures).  - Rock music is a genre of popular music that originated as "rock and roll" in the United States in the 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States. It has its roots in 1940s' and 1950s' rock and roll, itself heavily influenced by blues, rhythm and blues and country music. Rock music also drew strongly on a number of other genres such as electric blues and folk, and incorporated influences from jazz, classical and other musical sources.  - `` Change ( In the House of Flies ) '' , often referred to as `` Change '' , is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones , released as the first single from their third album White Pony in June 2000 . It remains their most commercially successful single to date , peaking at number three in Billboard 's Modern Rock Tracks chart , number nine in the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart , and at 53 in the UK Singles Chart . The song is featured on the Muchmusic compilation album Big Shiny Tunes 5 .    What is the relationship between 'change ' and 'maverick records'?
Answer: