Information:  - Dangerous Dave in the Haunted Mansion ( also known as Dangerous Dave 2 and under the Froggman title , Rooms of Doom ) is a 1991 sequel of the computer game Dangerous Dave . It was created by John Romero , John Carmack , Adrian Carmack and Tom Hall . It was developed on the Shadow Knights engine with some extra code for smoother character movement . Also an auto - loading shotgun debuts in the game . Many of the features that debuted in this game were carried over to its sequels , Dangerous Dave 's Risky Rescue and Dave Goes Nutz !  - DOS , short for "disk operating system", is an acronym used to describe the family of several very similar command-line computer operating systems for x86-based computers: primarily MS-DOS and PC DOS, but also DR-DOS, FreeDOS, ROM-DOS, and PTS-DOS. None of these systems were officially named "DOS", and indeed "DOS" is a general term for disk operating system.  - Adrian Carmack (born May 5, 1969) is one of the four founders of id Software, along with Tom Hall, John Romero, and John Carmack (no relation). He had worked there as an artist. He was a major stock owner of id Software until he left the company.  - Alfonso John Romero (born October 28, 1967) is an American director, designer, programmer, and developer in the video game industry. He is best known as a co-founder of id Software and designer for many of their games, including "Wolfenstein 3D", "Dangerous Dave", "", "Doom" and "Quake". His game designs and development tools, along with new programming techniques created and implemented by id Software's lead programmer John D. Carmack, led to a mass popularization of the first person shooter, or FPS, in the 1990s. He is credited with coining the FPS multiplayer term "deathmatch".  - The video game industry (sometimes referred to as the interactive entertainment industry) is the economic sector involved with the development, marketing and sales of video games. It encompasses dozens of job disciplines and employs thousands of people worldwide.  - John D. Carmack (born August 20, 1970) is an American game programmer, aerospace and virtual reality engineer. He co-founded id Software. Carmack was the lead programmer of the id video games "Commander Keen", "Wolfenstein 3D", "Doom", "Quake", "Rage" and their sequels. Carmack is best known for his innovations in 3D graphics, such as his famous Carmack's Reverse algorithm for shadow volumes, and is also a rocketry enthusiast and the founder and lead engineer of Armadillo Aerospace. In August 2013, Carmack took the position of CTO at Oculus VR, which in 2014 became a subsidiary of Facebook.  - Computer science is the study of the theory, experimentation, and engineering that form the basis for the design and use of computers. It is the scientific and practical approach to computation and its applications and the systematic study of the feasibility, structure, expression, and mechanization of the methodical procedures (or algorithms) that underlie the acquisition, representation, processing, storage, communication of, and access to information. An alternate, more succinct definition of computer science is the study of automating algorithmic processes that scale. A computer scientist specializes in the theory of computation and the design of computational systems.  - Wolfenstein 3D is a first-person shooter video game developed by id Software and published by Apogee Software and FormGen. Originally released on May 5, 1992, for MS-DOS, the game was inspired by the 1981 Muse Software video game "Castle Wolfenstein". In "Wolfenstein 3D", the player assumes the role of Allied spy William "B.J." Blazkowicz during World War II as he escapes from the Nazi German prison Castle Wolfenstein and carries out a series of crucial missions against the Nazis. The player traverses through each of the game's levels to find an elevator to the next level or kill a final boss, fighting Nazi soldiers, dogs, and other enemies with knives, pistols, and other guns.  - Art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual, auditory or performing artifacts (artworks), expressing the author's imaginative or technical skill, intended to be appreciated for their beauty or emotional power. In their most general form these activities include the production of works of art, the criticism of art, the study of the history of art, and the aesthetic dissemination of art.  - Shadow Knights is a platform game created by id Software and published by Softdisk in 1991.  - Tom A. Hall (born September 2, 1964) is a game designer born in Wisconsin. He attended the University of WisconsinMadison, where he earned a B.S. in Computer Science.  - id Software LLC (formerly id Software, Inc., ; see Company name) is an American video game developer headquartered in Dallas, Texas. The company was founded on February 1, 1991, by four members of the computer company Softdisk, programmers John Carmack and John Romero, game designer Tom Hall, and artist Adrian Carmack (no relation to John Carmack). Business manager Jay Wilbur was also involved.  - Dangerous Dave is a 1988 computer game by John Romero. It was developed for the Apple II and DOS as an example game to accompany his article about his GraBASIC, an Applesoft BASIC add-on, for the UpTime disk magazine.  - Softdisk is a software and Internet company based in Shreveport, Louisiana. Founded in 1981, its original products were disk magazines (which they termed "magazettes", for "magazine on diskette"). They were affiliated and partly owned by paper magazine "Softalk" at their founding, but survived its demise.  - Wisconsin is a U.S. state located in the north-central United States, in the Midwest and Great Lakes regions. It is bordered by Minnesota to the west, Iowa to the southwest, Illinois to the south, Lake Michigan to the east, Michigan to the northeast, and Lake Superior to the north. Wisconsin is the 23rd largest state by total area and the 20th most populous. The state capital is Madison, and its largest city is Milwaukee, which is located on the western shore of Lake Michigan. The state is divided into 72 counties.  - The University of WisconsinMadison (also known as University of Wisconsin, Wisconsin, UW, or regionally as UWMadison, or simply Madison) is a public research university in Madison, Wisconsin, United States. Founded when Wisconsin achieved statehood in 1848, UWMadison is the official state university of Wisconsin, and the flagship campus of the University of Wisconsin System. It was the first public university established in Wisconsin and remains the oldest and largest public university in the state. It became a land-grant institution in 1866. The main campus includes four National Historic Landmarks.  - Applesoft BASIC is a dialect of Microsoft BASIC, developed by Marc McDonald and Ric Weiland, supplied with the Apple II series of computers. It supersedes Integer BASIC and is the BASIC in ROM in all Apple II series computers after the original Apple II model. It is also referred to as FP BASIC (from "floating point") because of the Disk Operating System (DOS) command used to invoke it, instead of INT for Integer BASIC. Applesoft BASIC was supplied by Microsoft and its name is derived from the names of both Apple and Microsoft. Apple employees, including Randy Wigginton, adapted Microsoft's interpreter for the Apple II and added several features. The first version of Applesoft was released in 1977 only on cassette tape and lacked proper support for high-resolution graphics. Applesoft II, which was made available on cassette and disk and in the ROM of the Apple II Plus and subsequent models, was released in 1978. It is this latter version, which has some syntax differences from the first as well as support for the Apple II high-resolution graphics modes, that most people mean by the term "Applesoft."  - A Platform game (or platformer) is a video game which involves guiding an avatar to jump between suspended platforms and/or over obstacles to advance the game. The player controls the jumps to avoid letting the avatar fall from platforms or miss necessary jumps. The most common unifying element of games of this genre is the jump button, but now there are other alternative like swiping in touchscreen. "Jumping", in this genre, may include swinging from extendable arms, as in "Ristar" or "Bionic Commando", or bouncing from springboards or trampolines, as in "Alpha Waves". These mechanics, even in the context of other genres, are commonly called "platforming", a verbification of "platform". Games where jumping is automated completely, such as 3D games in "The Legend of Zelda" series, fall outside of the genre.    'dangerous dave in the haunted mansion' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'genre'?  Choices: - art  - article  - basic  - computation  - computer science  - design  - dr  - entertainment  - family  - game  - graphics  - history  - information  - magazine  - marketing  - platform game  - research  - science  - skill  - video  - virtual reality  - war  - western  - world war ii