Information:  - The Emerald Sword Saga is a high fantasy story spread over 5 albums by the Italian symphonic power metal band Rhapsody of Fire, written by Luca Turilli. It includes many of the common themes of the genre, including a clearly defined good-versus-evil plot and the inclusion of various fantasy monsters. The hero of the story is the Ice Warrior, who sets out on a quest to find the legendary Emerald Sword, with which he can defeat the Dark Lord Akron. Each new chapter of the story is described in the booklet accompanying that CD. The narrator is the ancient wizard Aresius, who "has seen it all".  - Edguy is a heavy metal band from Fulda, Germany that was formed in 1992.  - Alex Holzwarth was born on 4 October 1968 in Landshut, Germany and is a professional drummer, former member of Italian symphonic power metal band Rhapsody of Fire. He is the brother of bass guitarist Oliver Holzwarth.  - Oliver Holzwarth (born 19 October 1967) is a German bass guitarist. Oliver is best known as the live/studio bass player for Blind Guardian between 1998 and 2012, and as an official member of Rhapsody of Fire from 2010 to 2014. His brother, drummer Alex Holzwarth, was also a member of Rhapsody of Fire. Moreover, he is a member of the side project Coldseed.  - The bass guitar (also called electric bass, or simply bass) is a stringed instrument played primarily with the fingers or thumb, by plucking, slapping, popping, strumming, tapping, thumping, or picking with a plectrum, often known as a pick.  - West Germany is the common English name for the Federal Republic of Germany or FRG (or "RFA") in the period between its creation on 23 May 1949 to German reunification on 3 October 1990. During this Cold War era, NATO-aligned West Germany and Warsaw Pact-aligned East Germany were divided by the Inner German border. After 1961 West Berlin was physically separated from East Berlin as well as from East Germany by the Berlin Wall. This situation ended when East Germany was dissolved and its five states joined the ten states of the Federal Republic of Germany along with the reunified city-state of Berlin. With the reunification of West and East Germany, the Federal Republic of Germany, enlarged now to sixteen states, became known simply as "Germany". This period is also referred to as the Bonn Republic ("Bonner Republik") by historians, alluding to the interwar Weimar Republic and the post-reunification Berlin Republic.  - Wolfsburg is the fifth largest city in the German state of Lower Saxony. Located on the River Aller northeast of Braunschweig ("Brunswick"), it lies about east of Hanover and west of Berlin.  - Kamelot is an American power metal band from Tampa, Florida, formed by Thomas Youngblood and Richard Warner in 1991. The Norwegian vocalist Roy Khan joined for the album "Siége Perilous", and shared songwriting credit with Youngblood until his departure in April 2011. On June 22, 2012, Youngblood announced on their website that their new vocalist is the Swedish singer Tommy Karevik, who was first featured on Kamelot's album "Silverthorn" as main vocalist, co-songwriter and lyricist.  - Landshut is a town in Bavaria in the south-east of Germany, belonging to both Eastern and Southern Bavaria. Situated on the banks of the River Isar, Landshut is the capital of Lower Bavaria, one of the seven administrative regions of the Free State of Bavaria. It is also the seat of the surrounding district, and with a population of more than 60,000. Landshut is the largest city in Lower Bavaria, followed by Passau and Straubing, and Eastern Bavaria's second biggest city.  - Rhapsody of Fire (formerly known as Rhapsody) is an Italian symphonic power metal band created by Luca Turilli and Alex Staropoli, widely seen as a pioneer of the symphonic power metal subgenre.   - After Forever was a Dutch symphonic metal band with strong progressive metal influences. The band relied on the use of both soprano vocals and death grunts.  - Avantasia is a German supergroup rock opera project created by Tobias Sammet, vocalist of the band Edguy. It has been characterized as a rock opera, as it features the contributions of various vocalists and musicians and it consists of concept albums. The name is a portmanteau of the words "avalon" and "fantasia" ("fantasy") and describes "a world beyond human imagination" (a quotation from the booklet).  - Sascha Paeth (born 9 September 1970 in Wolfsburg, West Germany) is a German guitarist, bassist, musical producer, and mixer known for working with heavy metal bands such as Avantasia, Edguy, Angra, Shaaman, Rhapsody of Fire, Kamelot, After Forever and Epica. He owns the "Gate Studios", Wolfsburg previously used for recordings with his former band Heavens Gate.  - Luca Turilli (born 5 March 1972) is an Italian musician (primarily a guitarist) and songwriter. He is one of the founders of the symphonic power metal band Rhapsody of Fire. He also worked on a trilogy of solo albums as Luca Turilli, and released one album under the name of Luca Turilli's Dreamquest, a project he worked on alongside Dominique Leurquin. In 2008, Luca began an online guitar course titled "Luca Turilli's Neoclassical Revelation". The course takes its name from his neoclassical playing style.  - High fantasy is a subgenre of fantasy, defined either by its setting in a fictional universe or by the epic stature of its characters, themes, and plot. The term "high fantasy" was coined by Lloyd Alexander in a 1971 essay, "High Fantasy and Heroic Romance".  - Germany, officially the Federal Republic of Germany, is a federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe. It includes 16 constituent states, covers an area of , and has a largely temperate seasonal climate. With about 82 million inhabitants, Germany is the most populous member state of the European Union. After the United States, it is the second most popular immigration destination in the world. Germany's capital and largest metropolis is Berlin. Other major cities include Hamburg, Munich, Cologne, Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Düsseldorf.  - Power metal is a subgenre of heavy metal combining characteristics of traditional metal with speed metal, often within symphonic context. Generally, power metal is characterized by a more uplifting sound, instead of the heaviness and dissonance prevalent in styles such as doom metal and death metal. Power metal bands usually have anthem-like songs with fantasy-based subject matter and strong choruses, thus creating a theatrical, dramatic and emotionally "powerful" sound. The term was first used in the middle of the 1980s and refers to two different but related styles: the first pioneered and largely practiced in North America with a harder sound similar to speed metal, and a later more widespread and popular style based in Europe (especially Scandinavia, Germany, Greece and Italy), South America (especially Brazil and Argentina) and Japan, with a lighter, more melodic sound and frequent use of keyboards.  - Dawn of Victory is the third album studio released by Rhapsody in 2000 . Like the previous albums , it centers on the story of Algalord and The Emerald Sword Saga . It has been produced and engineered by Sascha Paeth and Miro . It is also the first album to feature current drummer Alex Holzwarth .  - A drummer is a musician who plays drums, which includes a drum kit ("drum set" or "trap set", including cymbals) and accessory-based hardware which includes an assortment of pedals and standing support mechanisms, marching percussion or any musical instrument that is struck within the context of a wide assortment of musical genres. The term percussionist applies to a musician who performs struck musical instruments of numerous diverse shapes, sizes and applications. Most contemporary western ensembles bands for rock, pop, jazz, R&B etc. include a drummer for purposes including timekeeping and embellishing the musical timbre. Most drummers of this particular designation work within the context of a larger contingent (a.k.a. rhythm section) that may also include, keyboard (a percussion instrument) or guitar, auxiliary percussion (often of non western origin) and bass (bass viol or electric). Said ensembles may also include melodic based mallet percussion including: vibraphone, marimba or xylophone. The rhythm section, being the core metronomic foundation with which other melodic instruments, including voices, may present the harmonic/melodic portion of the material.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'dawn of victory' exhibits the relationship of 'performer'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - 3  - a  - anthem  - area  - avalon  - avantasia  - berlin  - can  - cold  - common  - death  - diverse  - doom  - edguy  - era  - europe  - forever  - free  - hardware  - heavens gate  - japan  - k  - kamelot  - lloyd  - lord  - luca turilli  - oliver  - rhapsody of fire  - saga  - september  - seven  - south  - speed  - ten  - the fifth  - the story  - war  - warrior  - youngblood
Answer: