On a hot summer day in late June, Jaiden Rogers looks like every other 12-year-old boy avoiding the blistering heat. Sitting on a chair in the living room of his Alamosa, Colorado, home, he watches The Twilight Zone and then plays on the computer in his Harry Potter-themed bedroom. 
  
 But he only wishes that he could actually be like other boys his age, his mother Natalie Rogers tells PEOPLE in this week’s issue. 
  
 That’s because six years ago, in January 2013, Jaiden was diagnosed with stiff skin syndrome — an extremely rare disease that slowly causes his entire body to harden. 
  
 “His skin is basically like stone,” says Natalie, 51. “It’s like tapping on a countertop.” 
  
 The disease first started in his thigh and has quickly made its way though his hips, stomach and back — causing unbearable joint and muscle pain. Now, as it spreads to his chest area, Jaiden is also battling breathing issues. 
  
 While the hardening of the skin isn’t fatal in itself, doctors say it could restrict his chest and lung cavity, eventually leaving him unable to breathe. Because the damage that has already been done to his body is irreversible, Natalie and her husband, Tim Rogers, are determined to stop the disease from progressing before Jaiden “becomes entombed within himself.” 
  
 Natalie and Jaiden Rogers Courtesy Rogers Family 
  
 According to Dr. Margarita Saenza, a clinical geneticist at Children’s Hospital Colorado who treats Jaiden, the first case of the syndrome was reported in 1971. Since then, only a few dozen people around the world have been diagnosed. 
  
 “What’s happening is almost a scarring — a fibrotic change to the skin itself,” Dr. Saenz tells PEOPLE. 
  
 Unfortunately, Jaiden’s life has been challenging from the beginning. He was born to a single mom, the older sister of one of the two children — Heather, now 29, and Ilysa, now 27 — that Natalie and Tim adopted years earlier. 
  
 When the Rogers learned that Heather’s sister was struggling to care for Jaiden, then 2, they became his legal guardians. 
  
 Jaiden Rogers Courtesy Rogers Family 
  
 • For much more on the Jaiden Rogers story, pick up this week’s issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday. 
  
 “We spent the first few years teaching him how to speak, playing with him, and just trying to be a family,” says Natalie. 
  
 At age 5, Jaiden was diagnosed with autism, which limits his ability to have conversations with others. It was just one year later that Tim first felt a hard spot on Jaiden’s right thigh. Biopsy results later revealed his unimaginable diagnosis. 
  
 “We were so confused at first,” says Tim. “We couldn’t believe there were no answers because it’s so rare. We couldn’t find anyone else who had it.” 
  
 The family is now in a race against time to find a treatment that could potentially cure their little boy. And with mounting medical bills — which are only getting higher every month — they’ve created a GoFundMe page to help. 
  
 Their expenses also include making a four-hour drive once a month to Children’s Hospital Colorado in Denver, where they stay for a few days and meet with doctors who are working on Jaiden’s case. 
  
 Tim and Jaiden Rogers Courtesy Rogers Family 
  
 “We’ve taken out three mortgages on our home,” says Natalie, “and have spent Tim’s retirement. There is nothing else we can do.” 
  
 Watch the full episode of People Features: The Little Boy Turning Into Stone, streaming now on PeopleTV.com, or download the PeopleTV app on your favorite device. 
  
 Jaiden is also undergoing chemotherapy, which has helped slow the progression of his disease and takes strong pain medications throughout the day, which cause him to sleep for up to 18 hours. 
  
 Adding to their challenges are Natalie’s own health issues. In 2016, she was diagnosed with Friedrich’s Ataxia, a degenerative and potentially fatal neuromuscular disorder that causes a decline in muscle control and coordination. 
  
 “It gets hard sometimes to care for Jaiden when I’m having to take care of myself,” says Natalie, who is a stay at home mom. “That’s where Tim comes in and takes over.” 
  
 While Jaiden’s future is filled with unknowns, both Natalie and Tim are still hopeful that he has one. 
  
 “You do whatever you have to do,” says Tim. “We won’t stop trying. One way or another, we’ll do what’s best for Jaiden.” ||||| The parents of the 12-year-old boy who was diagnosed with stiff skin syndrome — which is causing his entire body to harden— is refusing to give up on finding a cure that could save their little boy’s life. 
  
 Jaiden Rogers, of Alamosa, Colorado, has lived with the extremely rare condition for half his life. In September 2012, his father, Tim Rogers, felt a hard spot on Jaiden’s right thigh. Biopsy results the following January revealed he has the condition. Only a few other dozen people in the world share his diagnosis. 
  
 Ultimately, Jaiden could “become entombed within himself,” and become bedridden, according to his mother, Natalie Rogers. And while the disease isn’t fatal in itself, it could restrict his chest and lung cavity, eventually leaving him unable to breathe. 
  
 “We hit walls all the time,” Natalie, 51, tells PEOPLE in this week’s issue. “Not enough people have this so there’s nobody to talk to.” 
  
 Because it’s so rare, there has been little research into the condition. But his genetics specialist, Dr. Margarita Saenz at Children’s Hospital Colorado, says she is hopeful. 
  
 “Even in the last decade of genetic medicine as a whole we’ve seen amazing things that we never thought were possible,” she tells PEOPLE. “Particularly with Stiff Skin Syndrome. We’re not there yet for a cure or gene therapy kind of intervention, but really as fast as technology is moving, it’s within the possible.” 
  
 • For much more on the Jaiden Rogers story, pick up this week’s issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday. 
  
 She adds: “Technology continues to advance so our diagnostic capabilities get better.” 
  
 Courtesy Rogers Family 
  
 Both Tim and Natalie continue to reach out to doctors almost daily to see if they know of any treatment that could save him. 
  
 “Maybe there is a medication out there that is being used for something else that could be used for Jaiden to try,” says Tim, 53. “We’ve been contacting geneticists both in the United States and in Europe.” 
  
 There is a stem cell treatment in Europe that focuses on rare skin diseases, according to Natalie. But the cost is over one million dollars. 
  
 “Money is in the way,” says Natalie. “We just want our boy to live.” 
  
 Adds Tim: “We just keep plugging away and trying to find something. We do what we have to do.” 
  
 To help raise money for a possible treatment and to help with the family’s mounting medical bills, they’ve created a GoFundMe page. 
  
 Watch the full episode of People Features: The Little Boy Turning Into Stone, streaming now on PeopleTV.com, or download the PeopleTV app on your favorite device. 
  
 Courtesy Rogers Family 
  
 Currently on chemotherapy, which has helped to slow down the progression of the disease, Jaiden is also on pain medication throughout the day to ease the excruciating pain he struggles with daily. He also requires a feeding tube (his medications stifle his appetite), oxygen to help his breathing and a wheelchair to avoid falling and breaking his brittle bones. 
  
 “Jaiden wants to run and play and he just can’t do it,” says Tim. “He wants to be a normal kid.” 
  
 Once a month, Jaiden and Natalie make the four-drive drive to Children’s Hospital Colorado to see specialists who are working on his case. 
  
 “One way or another, we won’t stop fighting for Jaiden,” says Tim. ||||| (Meredith) -- He was diagnosed with stiff skin syndrome in 2013, now 12-year-old Jaiden Rogers is racing against the clock to find a cure before his entire body becomes immobile. 
  
 Stiff skin syndrome is an ultra-rare condition discovered in the early 1970s where the skin and inner tissues begin to harden, leading to limited joint mobility. 
  
 Little is known about the condition, including the cause or treatment. It's only been reported 41 times throughout history. 
  
 "Nobody is really looking at it because there’s just not a lot of people that have it in the world," said Tom Rogers, Jaiden's father. 
  
 "So, we reach out to doctors all over the place. Maybe there’s a medication that’s being used for something else that can be used for Jaiden to try, to at least try," he added. 
  
 For Rogers, it's spreading over the back, legs, and hips, inhibiting his ability to walk. He say it hurts, but finds it difficult to describe the sensations further. 
  
 "Worst case scenario - it could be fatal. But it could also be total immobility," Tom said. 
  
 For more video and pictures, check out the PeopleTV app. 
  
 People Magazine is produced by the parent company of this station, the Meredith Corporation. ||||| GoFundMe has verified that the funds raised will go directly to the intended recipient. 
  
 What does verified mean? |||||

Write a summary.