Information:  - x86 is a family of backward compatible instruction set architectures based on the Intel 8086 CPU and its Intel 8088 variant. The 8086 was introduced in 1978 as a fully 16-bit extension of Intel's 8-bit based 8080 microprocessor, with memory segmentation as a solution for addressing more memory than can be covered by a plain 16-bit address. The term "x86" came into being because the names of several successors to Intel's 8086 processor end in "86", including the 80186, 80286, 80386 and 80486 processors.  - DOS , short for "disk operating system", is an acronym used to describe the family of several very similar command-line computer operating systems for x86-based computers: primarily MS-DOS and PC DOS, but also DR-DOS, FreeDOS, ROM-DOS, and PTS-DOS. None of these systems were officially named "DOS", and indeed "DOS" is a general term for disk operating system.  - ELF Corporation ( or élf) was an eroge studio. One of its most popular games is "Dkysei", a pioneering dating sim, which has had a sequel, and been turned into video and TV series. The character design of the main villains from the "-saku" series is the company mascot. They are also known for role-playing video games such as the "Dragon Knight" series and visual novel adventure games such as "YU-NO".  - Dragon Knight II (II) is a fantasy-themed eroge role-playing video game in the "Dragon Knight" franchise that was originally developed and published by ELF Corporation in 1990-1991 only in Japan as the first sequel to the original "Dragon Knight" from 1989. The game is an erotic dungeon crawler in which a young warrior Takeru fights to lift a witch's curse that has turned girls into monsters.   - MSX is the name of a standardized home computer architecture, first announced by Microsoft on June 16, 1983, and marketed by Kazuhiko Nishi, then Vice-president at Microsoft Japan and Director at ASCII Corporation. Microsoft conceived the project as an attempt to create unified standards among various hardware makers of the period.  - Japan ("Nippon" or "Nihon" ; formally "" or "Nihon-koku", means "State of Japan") is a sovereign island nation in Eastern Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean, It is lying off the eastern coast of the Asia Mainland (east of China, Korea, Russia) and stretching from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and near Taiwan in the southwest.   - An is a Japanese pornographic video game. History. Japanese eroge, also known as H-Light novels or hentai games, have their origins in the early 1980s, when Japanese companies introduced their own brands of microcomputer to compete with those of the United States. Competing systems included the Sharp X1, Fujitsu FM-7, MSX, and NEC PC-8801. NEC was behind its competitors in terms of hardware (with only 16 colors and no sound support) and needed a way to regain control of the market. Thus came the erotic game. The first commercial erotic computer game, "Night Life", was released by Koei in 1982. It was an early graphic adventure, with sexually explicit images. That same year, Koei released another erotic title, "Danchi Tsuma no Yuwaku" ("Seduction of the Condominium Wife"), which was an early role-playing adventure game with colour graphics, owing to the eight-color palette of the NEC PC-8001 computer. It became a hit, helping Koei become a major software company.  - A microcomputer is a small, relatively inexpensive computer with a microprocessor as its central processing unit (CPU). It includes a microprocessor, memory, and minimal input/output (I/O) circuitry mounted on a single printed circuit board. Microcomputers became popular in the 1970s and 1980s with the advent of increasingly powerful microprocessors. The predecessors to these computers, mainframes and minicomputers, were comparatively much larger and more expensive (though indeed present-day mainframes such as the IBM System z machines use one or more custom microprocessors as their CPUs). Many microcomputers (when equipped with a keyboard and screen for input and output) are also personal computers (in the generic sense).  - MS-DOS (; acronym for "Microsoft Disk Operating System") is a discontinued operating system for x86-based personal computers mostly developed by Microsoft. It was the most commonly used member of the DOS family of operating systems, and was the main operating system for IBM PC compatible personal computers during the 1980s and the early 1990s, when it was gradually superseded by operating systems offering a graphical user interface (GUI), in various generations of the graphical Microsoft Windows operating system by Microsoft Corporation.  - A disk operating system (abbreviated DOS) is a computer operating system that can use a disk storage device, such as a floppy disk, hard disk drive, or optical disc. A disk operating system must provide a file system for organizing, reading, and writing files on the storage disk. Strictly speaking, this definition does not apply to current generations operating systems, such as versions of Microsoft Windows in use, while this definition is actually only used for older generations of operating systems.  - Fantasy is a fiction genre set in an imaginary universe, often but not always without any locations, events, or people from the real world. Most fantasy uses magic or other supernatural elements as a main plot element, theme, or setting. Magic and magical creatures are common in many of these imaginary worlds. Fantasy is generally distinguished from the genres of science fiction and horror by the expectation that it steers clear of scientific and macabre themes, respectively, though there is a great deal of overlap between the three, all of which are subgenres of speculative fiction.  - A role-playing video game (commonly referred to as role-playing game or RPG, and in the past was also known as computer role-playing game or CRPG) is a video game genre where the player controls the actions of a character (and/or several party members) immersed in some well-defined world. Many role-playing video games have origins in pen-and-paper role-playing games (Including "Dungeons & Dragons") and use much of the same , settings and game mechanics. Other major similarities with pen-and-paper games include developed story-telling and narrative elements, player character development, complexity, as well as replayability and immersion. The electronic medium removes the necessity for a gamemaster and increases combat resolution speed. RPGs have evolved from simple text-based console-window games into visually rich 3D experiences. Since the 1980s, Role-playing is the most commercially viable video game genre in Japan, and has more market share of any other genre in the japanese gaming industry, although in the 2010s first-person shooters and western iOS and Android games were becoming rapidly and increasingly popular in that country.  - Koei Co., Ltd. is a Japanese video game publisher, developer, and distributor founded in 1978. The company is known for its historical simulation games based on the novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", as well as simulation games based on pseudo-historical events.  - FreeDOS (formerly Free-DOS and PD-DOS) is a free operating system for IBM PC compatible computers. It intends to provide a complete DOS-compatible environment for running legacy software and supporting embedded systems.  - Knights of Xentar is an eroge role - playing video game published for the PC DOS in North America by Megatech Software in 1995 and has been originally published as Dragon Knight III in Japan in 1991 . It is part of the Dragon Knight series of games created by Japanese game developer ELF , who originally released the game for the NEC PC - 8801 computer in 1991 , followed by ports for the Sharp X68000 and PC Engine CD platforms . The game is a sequel of Dragon Knight and Dragon Knight II. Its gameplay system is different from that of previous installments of the Dragon Knight series , resembling this of the early Final Fantasy ( even more in the PC version ) series instead of first - person - view dungeon crawler , and enabling the player to explore the entire world of the game . Some of the characters were renamed in the in English and German localized Knights of Xentar release , including the protagonist Takeru 's name changed to Desmond .  - DR-DOS (DR DOS, without hyphen up to and including version 6.0) is an operating system of the DOS family, written for IBM PC-compatible personal computers. It was originally developed by Gary Kildall's Digital Research and derived from Concurrent PC DOS 6.0, which was an advanced successor of CP/M-86. As ownership changed, various later versions were produced with names including Novell DOS and Caldera OpenDOS.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'knights of xentar' with the relationship of 'developer'.  Choices: - ascii  - creatures  - digital research  - elf corporation  - fujitsu  - ibm  - intel  - koei  - microsoft  - nec  - palette  - taiwan
Answer: