By. Paul Bentley. PUBLISHED:. 13:49 EST, 1 November 2012. |. UPDATED:. 13:57 EST, 2 November 2012. Comedian Freddie Starr has been released on bail for a second time today after being questioned by detectives investigating claims he molested a schoolgirl in Jimmy Savile's BBC dressing room. The 69-year-old voluntarily returned to speak to officers for further questioning earlier today following his release on bail in the early hours of this morning. He was taken into custody at a police station near his home in Warwickshire yesterday and was released for the second time today at around 5.20pm. He denies claims by Karin Ward that he tried to grope her in 1974 when she was a 14-year-old schoolgirl. His next bail date has not yet been revealed by Scotland Yard. Freddie Starr pictured on Tuesday near his home in Warwickshire. He was released on police bail in the early hours of this morning and then again this evening. Freddie Starr was driven to Leamington Spa police station by fiancee Sophie Lea today (pictured leaving their home in Studley, Warwickshire) as he returned for further questioning. Sophie Lea pictured walking away from Leamington Spa police station after dropping off partner Freddie Starr today. Karin Ward in yellow pictured sitting behind Freddie Starr when he appeared on Clunk Click, a BBC TV show hosted by Jimmy Savile in 1974. The young woman behind Freddie Starr has been pixelated by Channel 4 to protect her identity. This afternoon a spokesman for the. Metropolitan Police said: 'The man who was arrested and released on bail. has returned to the police station and is currently being interviewed.' He is the second celebrity to be. arrested after Gary Glitter, 68, was questioned for ten hours on Sunday. on suspicion of committing sexual offences. Detectives investigating Savile said. last week they had drawn up an arrest list of people who could be. questioned about allegations made by victims of Savile or his alleged. accomplices. A Scotland Yard spokesman. said this evening: 'The man. arrested yesterday, November 1, in connection with Operation Yewtree -. Yewtree 2 - returned on bail today and was interviewed. 'He has been re-bailed to a date in December.' Police earlier said he had been arrested 'on suspicion of sexual offences'. A spokesman. said the suspect was released on bail for the first timebetween 1am and 1.30am this. morning. Freddie Starr was driven away from his home in Studley, Warwickshire today by fiancee Sophie Lea. Police searched Starr's garage at his Warwickshire home yesterday after his arrest by detectives investigating allegations of sexual offences connected to Jimmy Savile. Denial: Freddie Starr, 69, recently on ITV's This Morning appeared alongside girlfriend Sophie Lea, 34, to deny he had any involvement in the scandal. Starr said a week ago that he was. prepared to speak to police about the allegations to clear his name. He. said: ‘Ask me anything – anything. I’ll be interviewed by any police. force.’ He has repeatedly denied claims that. he groped Miss Ward. Appearing on ITV News with his 34-year-old fiancee. Sophie Lea, Starr insisted he had never abused underage girls, and said. he had hired private detectives to prove his innocence. He initially denied ever meeting his. accuser, or appearing with her on Savile’s 1974 BBC show Clunk Click,. but footage later emerged showing him and Miss Ward in the same shot. Miss Ward has claimed: ‘I was. horribly, horribly humiliated by Freddie Starr, who had a very bad. attack of wandering hands and had groped me, and I didn’t like him. because he smelled like my stepfather and it frightened me and freaked. me out, and I rebuffed him.’ Standing guard: Police officers outside Freddie Starr's home. Freddie Starr has been arrested by detectives investigating allegations of sexual offences connected to Jimmy Savile. A car drives through the gates to Freddie Starr's home as police officers stand outside. It prompted Starr to seek an. injunction to prevent the claims being aired, but his High Court. application was rejected. He later invited reporters into his home and. told them the woman was ‘a nutter’ and accused her of ‘picking my name. out of a hat’. He said: ‘I’ve never touched an underage girl in my. life.’ PR guru Max Clifford has claimed. dozens of big-name stars from the 1960s and 1970s have contacted him. because they are ‘frightened’ they will become implicated in the. widening child abuse scandal. Appearing on Daybreak this morning,. Mr Clifford said a lot of old stars were worried about being dragged. into the investigation because they had appeared on Top Of The Pops or. Jim'll Fix It and merely posed for photographs with girls and Savile. Starr is the second celebrity to be arrested after Gary Glitter was questioned for 10 hours last Sunday on suspicion of committing sexual offences. Starr has previously denied claims by Karin Ward (above) that he tried to grope her in 1974 when she was a 14-year-old schoolgirl. Freddie Starr as Jimmy Savile in 1974 impressions show, Who Do You Do. He told the programme: 'It is a situation which could easily turn into a witch hunt, a lot of big stars are frightened. Where is it going to end?' 'I hope they (the police) concentrate on finding people like Jimmy Savile who were manipulating girls.' Starrs release this evening came as solicitor Liz Dux said Savile's estate, the BBC and three hospitals - Stoke Mandeville, Leeds General Infirmary and Broadmoor - are facing possible legal action by alleged victims. Ms Dux, who is representing more than 20 people who claim to have been sexually assaulted, said formal notice had been sent to 'all interested parties' of an intention to pursue claims against them. She said: 'Their main objective is to get answers as to why their previous complaints weren't listened to, to get some sort of compensation and to move on with their lives.' Savile, who died last year aged 84,. has been described as one of the most prolific sex offenders in British. history. Police are following more than 400 leads into the DJ, who left. at least 300 victims over a four-decade rampage of child abuse. Miss Ward was one of several pupils. from Duncroft Approved School in Surrey who were invited to the BBC by. Savile to watch his shows being recorded. In 2007, Surrey Police investigated. historic complaints from former pupils of the now-defunct school, but. the Crown Prosecution Service ruled there was not enough evidence to. bring charges. Savile's estate, reportedly worth £4.3 million, has been frozen in response to the mounting allegations. Lawyers are also looking into the late presenter's overseas assets, thought to be administered from tax haven the Channel Islands. NatWest Bank, which is acting as the Jim'll Fix It presenter's will executor and trustee, yesterday revealed the distribution of his assets had been put on hold in anticipation of legal action from his alleged victims. Savile's will was written in 2006 and bequeaths his savings and other assets to 26 separate beneficiaries, according to the Financial Times (FT). The newspaper said it had obtained a copy of the document, which instructs that £20,000 in cash was to be shared between 20 of the celebrity's friends, family and neighbours. It says a further £600,000 was to be put into a trust fund, with the interest shared between eight people. The remainder - just under £3.7 million before expenses - was to be held by NatWest on behalf of the Jimmy Savile Charitable Trust, according to the FT. Savile's intended individual beneficiaries include the trustees of both his charities and existing and former employees of Leeds General Infirmary and Broadmoor Hospital, the newspaper added. Savile's relatives said they do not want a penny of his estate and called for the cash to be donated to an organisation to tackle sex crimes. The late presenter's nephew, Guy Marsden, 58, said his uncle was 'a monster' and it was only right that the money should be given to a police-run anti-paedophile unit, and Savile's victims. Savile's victims are to sue the star's estate to get answers and compensation, and to 'move on with their lives', a lawyer said yesterday. Liz Dux, who is representing more than 20 people who claim to have been sexually assaulted, said some had not been able to form adult relationships since the attacks. She said: 'Their main objective is to get answers as to why their previous complaints weren't listened to, to get some sort of compensation and to move on with their lives.' A solicitor representing alleged victims of Savile said lawyers are also looking into the late presenter's overseas assets, thought to be administered from tax haven the Channel Islands. Prolific: Savile (left) has been described by police as 'one of the most prolific sex offenders' they have dealt with.  Gary Glitter (right) was the first to be arrested in Operation Yewtree - the name of the Met Police investigation into 'Savile and others' Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.

Write highlights for this article.