Attorney Robert Shapiro noted Simpson didn't testify in his murder case, Pistorius will 
  
 The mid-1990s murder trial of O. J. Simpson is different in several respects from the current murder trial of South African sprinter Oscar Pistorius, according to an attorney for Simpson in that trial, Robert Shapiro, right. (Photo: Vince Bucci, Associated Press) Story Highlights O.J. Simpson attorney Robert Shapiro downplayed police bungling in Oscar Pistorius case 
  
 Simpson murder case trial by jury; Pistorius murder case to be decided by magistrate 
  
 Shapiro says it will come down to whether magistrate believes Pistorius 
  
 Robert Shapiro, who once represented O.J. Simpson in the notorious murder trial of the mid-1990s in Los Angeles, said the Oscar Pistorius murder case in South Africa is very different except that both "have superstar athletes that are accused of killing beautiful significant others." 
  
 In an interview with MSNBC on Thursday, Shapiro responded to assertions that Pistorius is South Africa's version of Simpson, with both cases rife with accusations of police bungling. 
  
 "I really don't think the detectives are really going to be much of an issue in this case," Shapiro said, adding that he doesn't think forensics will be a key issue, either. "Pistorius is going to testify; Simpson did not." 
  
 The Simpson case was a classic, 'Who was responsible for the murder case?' The Pistorius case is a case of, 'What is it?' " Shapiro said. Pistorius has "admitted to doing the shooting so the question is going to be, 'Was it a premeditated murder or was it a justifiable homicide?' " 
  
 STORY: Lead detective replaced in Pistorius case 
  
 The case has had its shares of twists and turns. Thursday, it was revealed that chief investigator Hilton Botha is facing attempted murder charges stemming from a 2011 incident. 
  
 Mark Fuhrman, the detective who led the investigation in the Simpson case, said charges filed against Botha and mistakes in his testimony don't matter. 
  
 "So what?" Fuhrman told FoxNews.com. 
  
 "The defense attorneys are doing what defense attorneys everywhere do," Fuhrman said. "When you look at the facts, even omitting all the forensic evidence the police have produced, it's crystal clear. 
  
 "Here is what he admits: 'I shot my girlfriend.' And he has to admit he fought with her in the past, because the police had been there previously. That's really all you need to know here." 
  
 Among the ways the defense has tried to discredit the prosecution's case is by noting an autopsy showed Reeva Steenkamp, Pistorius' girlfriend of three months, had a full bladder. The defense says that boosts Pistorius' claim that she had gone to use the toilet in the middle of the night. Iin an affadavit he says he shot her accidentally, mistaking her for an intruder. 
  
 "I've got news for them: When you're dead, your bowels and bladder relax," Fuhrman told FoxNews.com. 
  
 How this case will be decided is the main difference between South Africa's legal system and the USA's, Shapiro said. Simpson had a trial by jury. A single judge will decide Pistorius' case. 
  
 In South Africa, jury trials were abolished in the 1930s because of apartheid, Shapiro said. People could not get a fair trial because of the race relations that existed. 
  
 "The judge (in the Pistorius case) is going to make one decision. He's not going to say, 'Do I have reasonable doubt?' " Shapiro said. 
  
 "He's going to say, 'Do I believe what Mr. Pistorius is telling us? Do I believe that he actually felt that there was a burglar in the house? And that he reasonably believed that his life was in danger if he didn't take action and shoot through a closed door at an unknown target.' " ||||| Olympian Oscar Pistorius, known as 'Blade Runner' charged with killing model girlfriend Oscar Pistorius, an Olympian who was at one point an icon in South Africa whose lower legs were amputated when he was less than a year old, claims he mistook his model girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp for an intruder when he shot her in a locked bathroom in his home. Prosecutors, however, say the couple had had a shouting match and Steenkamp fled to the bathroom, and locked herself in. Pistorius, 26, allegedly got up from bed and had to put on his prosthetic legs to reach the toilet door. The door was broken open after the shots were fired, prosecutors charge. 
  
 Attorneys for Oscar Pistorius, the so-called Blade Runner, are poking headline-grabbing holes in the forensic evidence arrayed against the South African double amputee, but none of it changes facts that show the Olympic sprinter killed his model girlfriend, said former LAPD investigator and author Mark Fuhrman. 
  
 The former lead detective in the Pistorius case is facing an attempted murder charge stemming from an on-duty incident, prosecutors may have been too quick to say steroids were found in the Pretoria mansion of the suspect and detectives missed a bullet lodged in the bathroom wall. 
  
 “The defense attorneys are doing what defense attorneys everywhere do.” - Mark Fuhrman, author and former LAPD detective 
  
 “So what?” says Fuhrman, who as a detective had a major role in the O.J. Simpson case and then went on to write several books analyzing the evidence in various high-profile murders. 
  
 “The defense attorneys are doing what defense attorneys everywhere do,” Fuhrman said. “When you look at the facts, even omitting all the forensic evidence the police have produced, it’s crystal clear. 
  
 “Here is what he admits: ‘I shot my girlfriend.’ And he has to admit he fought with her in the past, because the police had been there previously. That’s really all you need to know here.” 
  
 Fuhrman dismissed the latest revelation that South African detective Hilton Botha is facing attempted murder charges in connection with a 2011 shooting incident. That case, which involved Botha and two other police officers who allegedly fired at a minibus they were trying to stop, was reopened 10 days before Pistorius’ girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp was killed, after new evidence surfaced. Botha was taken off the Blade Runner case on Thursday. 
  
 “That wasn’t a shock,” Fuhrman said. “Any street cop knows you will be sued or involved in some type of litigation throughout your career. If the detective was compromised in any way, how does that change the actions of the suspect on the night in question?” 
  
 Although Botha admitted under questioning that nothing at the crime scene was inconsistent with Pistorius’ explanation, Fuhrman said the evidence is a much better fit with the explanation that prosecutors have offered. 
  
 Steenkamp, 29, was in a bathroom when she was shot four times through the door. Defense attorneys have sought to dispel the idea she was hiding from her enraged beau by noting her bladder was empty – suggesting she had gone to the room to use the toilet. Fuhrman scoffed at the explanation. 
  
 “I’ve got news for them: When you’re dead, your bowels and bladder relax,” he said. 
  
 Pistorius, 26, claims he awoke in the night and heard a noise in the bathroom and assumed it was an intruder, saying he felt a “sense of terror rushing over” him. 
  
 “He knew there were two people in the house, he lives there, and she’s over,” Fuhrman said. “He hears something in the bathroom, and he doesn’t think it’s his girlfriend? He has an extensive security system that apparently has not been set off, yet he assumes the person behind the bathroom door is a burglar?” 
  
 The defense has also disputed the “pre-meditated” aspect of the murder charge. But Fuhrman noted reports that a bloody cricket bat was found in the house, and Steenkamp had a blunt-force trauma wound to her head. The detective theorized that the pair fought, Pistorius bashed her over the head and she fled to the bathroom. If at that point, he went and got a gun and pursued her, pre-meditation applies. 
  
 “Pre-meditation can form in split seconds,” he said. 
  
 Botha may have made other errors at the crime scene, including missing a bullet that hit the toilet that was found by the defense's forensic team four days later. He also admitted on the stand that he did not wear protective clothing at the scene, which defense attorneys suggested could have contaminated evidence. 
  
 Botha said police found testosterone and needles in a bedroom dresser, but Pistorius’ attorney said it was a herbal remedy. It was not clear when the compound would be tested. 
  
 “Whether he was on steroids or not really has nothing to do with his defense, if he claims he thought he was shooting a burglar,” Fuhrman said. 
  
 Finally, defense attorneys attacked Botha’s assertion that the trajectory of the bullets showed Pistorius’ 9-mm. handgun was fired downward from a height differs with the suspect’s claim he was not wearing his prosthetics at the time. Once again, Fuhrman said the defense was grasping at straws. 
  
 “It doesn’t matter if he was on stumps or stilts,” Fuhrman said. “He already says he fired the shots.” |||||

Write a summary.