The 298 victims on board tragic flight MH17 would have been killed instantly or remained conscious for only a few seconds after the plane was struck down by a missile, an Australian expert has claimed. Forensic scientist David Royds, from the University of Canberra, told the Herald Sun that it's 'very unlikely the passengers would have suffered' when the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200 was shot down by pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine. As investigators continue to piece together what happened, Professor Royds' analysis offers some comfort to the families of the victims, including 37 Australians, who he says would have had 'no time to worry'. 'It’s very unlikely the passengers would have suffered, there would have been no time to worry,' he told the Herald Sun. Scroll down for video. Professor Royds says the victims would not have had time to react to what happened, if not killed instantly, when the missile struck MH17. The bodies of the around 200 victims have been transported to eastern Ukraine. Professor Royd says dramatic and immediate drops in temperature and cabin pressure would have rendered them unconscious. David Royds (right), who led investigations in the Bali bombing, says passengers would not have suffered. Professor Boyd, who led forensic investigations into the Bali bombings, says that an explosion would have triggered a chain reaction that would have 'rendered the passengers unconscious within seconds' - including dramatic and instant drops in air pressure and temperature and a loss of oxygen. It comes as victims' bodies were transported via train to eastern Ukraine, but families were concerned that the painstaking identification process could take months. An Australian air force plane and refrigerated trucks have arrived in Holland but Ukraine says there were only 200 recovered from the crash site. Experts are also concerned that readings from MH17's black boxes may reveal nothing about the attack, rendering them virtually useless to investigators. And while photos have emerged showing damage to the front panels from the doomed airline point, which may be conclusive evidence of a missile strike, Professor Boyd says the victims' bodies themselves may provide 'trace evidence of shrapnel wounds'. Photographs show pieces of the Boeing 777 have tiny holes indicating small pieces of shrapnel entered the aircraft externally, it has been reported. A piece of wreckage from Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, in a field near Rozsypne in the eastern Ukraine, several miles from the largest concentration of debris. According to analysts, the perforation holes visible on the debris are consistent with high-velocity shrapnel from fragmenting warheads like the SA-11 "Buk" missiles American officials have said likely brought down the plane. Experts have warned that the 'black boxes' from MH17 may yield nothing about the attack, rendering them virtually useless to investigators. Reed Foster, a defense analyst, told the New York Times that the two likely causes were an engine explosion or an exploding missile. According to Mr Foster, the SA-11 missiles intercept targeted aircraft before exploding near it creating a cloud of shrapnel. An SA-11 missile carries about 46 pounds of explosives and detonates about 100 to 300 feet away from the target. Meanwhile Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Operation Bring Them Home - to bring the 37 Australian victims back - would be headed up by former defence chief Angus Houston, who also coordinated Australian search efforts for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370. The refrigerated train carrying the dead has arrived in Kharkiv - in Ukraine's east - where Australian and Dutch representatives will prepare them for transport to the Netherlands for the identification process. A Boeing C-17 of the Australian Air Force stands at the Eindhoven Airbase in The Netherlands. The aircraft will, together with aircrafts of the Dutch Air Force, repatriate from Kharkiv to Eindhoven the bodies of the victims. Mr Abbott also wrote in the condolence book for the plane crash victims on Tuesday at Parliament House. Carriages of death: A train carrying the remains victims of the Malaysia Airlines MH17 disaster arrives in the Ukrainian government-held city of Kharkiv. Journalists follow the train as it arrives in the city of Kharkiv, where the victims will be flown to the Netherlands. The transportation and identification process in Ukraine and the Netherlands will involve consular officers, Australian Federal Police experts and air safety investigators. Despite Tuesday's progress, Mr Abbott warned there was 'still a long, long way to go'. 'After the crime comes the cover-up,' he told reporters in Canberra on Tuesday. 'What we have seen is evidence tampering on an industrial scale, and obviously that has to stop.' Mr Abbott said he understood the families' frustration at the lengthy process, but it was something that needed to be done. 'I need to caution that this is necessarily a painstaking and methodical process that will take some weeks,' he said. The train arrived in Kharkiv on Tuesday night, carrying the bodies of MH17 victims from the crash site. The bodies will be flown to the Netherlands from Kharkiv to be formally identified by forensic and identification experts. Operation Bring Them Home started just hours after Foreign Minister Julie Bishop helped secure a unanimous vote in the United Nations Security Council to allow 'safe, secure, full and unrestricted access' to the Malaysia Airlines crash site for international investigators in a move to find out who is responsible for the tragedy. 'There must be a ceasefire in the immediate area around the site,' Ms Bishop told the Security Council. 'The victims must be treated with dignity, brought back to their homes and laid to rest.'All parties are required to fully cooperate with these efforts. 'Russia must use its influence over the separatists to ensure this. Russia must also use its influence to bring the conflict in Ukraine to an end.' Mo Maslin, Otis Maslin and Evia Maslin - aged 12, eight and 10 - were among the Australian victims. Fatima Dyczynski (left) and Jack O'Brien (right) were another two victims of the MH17 crash. Mr Abbott's formal message of condolence to the victims' families on behalf of the nation. Pro-Russian separatists - who stand accused of bringing down the aircraft, possibly with a missile supplied by Moscow - bowed to a furious clamour for the bodies and black boxes to be handed to investigators five days after the crash. Mr Razak said the boxes were handed over to the Malaysian team in Donetsk at 9pm Ukraine time on Monday. The small handing over ceremony has finally solved the question as to what had happened to the two vital devices. Mr Razak revealed that in recent days the team had been working quietly behind the scenes to establish contact with 'those' - a reference to the rebels - in charge of the MH17 crash site. The contact was finally made - but he made it clear it had not been easy. 'Under difficult and fluid circumstances, we have been discussing the problems that have occupied us all - securing vital evidence from the aircraft, launching an independent investigation and above all recovering the remains of those who lost their lives.' The Prime Minister said that in. another breakthrough an independent international investigation team. would be guaranteed safe access to the crash site. 'I. must stress that although agreement has been reached, there remain a. number of steps required before it is completed,' Mr Razak said. Tragic: A toy is placed at the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 near the village of Hrabove, eastern Ukraine. UK foreign secretary Philip Hammond said all the evidence currently available indicates that the surface-to-air missile which destroyed the MH17 was supplied by Russia. 'There. is work still to be done, work which relies on continued communication. in good faith. [Rebel leader] Mr Borodai and his people have so far. given their co-operation. 'I. ask that all parties continue to work together to ensure that this. agreement is honoured; that the remains of our people are returned, that. the black box is handed over, and that the international team is. granted full access to the site. 'Only. then can the investigation into MH17 truly begin; only then can the. victims be afforded the respect they deserve. We need to know what. caused the plane to crash, and who was responsible for it, so that. justice may be done. 'In. recent days, there were times I wanted to give greater voice to the. anger and grief that the Malaysian people feel. And that I feel. But. sometimes, we must work quietly in the service of a better outcome. 'I. understand that for the families, nothing can undo this damage. The. lives taken cannot be given back; the dignity lost cannot be regained. 'My. heart reaches out to those whose loved ones were lost on MH17. We hope. and pray that the agreement reached tonight helps bring them a clear. step towards closure.'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: