Article:
A still image of behind-the-scenes footage showing the 1928 premiere of the Charlie Chaplin film "The Circus" at Manns Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, Cali. The woman at the right holds an unidentified object by her ear. Credit: Warner Home Video An ear trumpet dating from the mid to late 19th century. Credit: Central Institute for the Deaf-Max A. Goldstein Historic Devices for Hearing Collection Without maker's marks, it's hard identify dates of manufacture for hearing devices. This ear trumpet dates from the mid to late 19th century. Credit: Central Institute for the Deaf-Max A. Goldstein Historic Devices for Hearing Collection Another roughly rectangular ear trumpet dating from the mid to late 19th century. Credit: Central Institute for the Deaf-Max A. Goldstein Historic Devices for Hearing Collection A "SuperEar" brand resonator hearing aid made in the 1920s by the American Earphone Company. The view is straight on, looking into the receptor chamber. The striped material is a square bowl shaped receptor. Credit: Central Institute for the Deaf-Max A. Goldstein Historic Devices for Hearing Collection 
  
 Speculation about a supposed time traveller talking on her cell phone at a 1928 Hollywood film premiere has sped across the Internet faster than a DeLorean time machine. But a less mind-bending possibility is that she was just hard of hearing, experts say. 
  
 The story first surfaced in a YouTube video that includes film footage showing the 1928 premiere of the Charlie Chaplin film "The Circus" at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, Cali. Irish filmmaker George Clarke points out a woman in the old footage holding what he describes as a cell phone against her ear. The shape implies the woman is a time traveler using a modern mobile device rather than an ear trumpet, Clarke said. 
  
 What Clarke didn't consider was that a simple ear trumpet could still explain it all, said hearing device historians, who provided LiveScience with images of sample ear trumpets for comparison. [See the ear trumpets] 
  
 "As you can tell from these, old-fashioned mechanical or resonating hearing aids were not necessarily long and rounded," said Philip Skroska, an archivist at the Bernard Becker Medical Library of Washington University in St. Louis. "Short, compact rectangular forms were not unusual." 
  
 In other words, they could look something like a cell phone to imaginative YouTube viewers in the 21st century. [Time Travel Machine Outlined] 
  
 Listen to this 
  
 19th-century resonator hearing aids such as ear trumpets were still made in large numbers well into the first decades of the 20th century, Skroska explained, and the basic designs didn't change much aside from incorporating newer, plastic-like materials. 
  
 "Besides, I would expect this woman to be over 50 years old, so using a late 19th century design in 1928 would not be a stretch I think," Skroska said. 
  
 Electronic hearing aids also existed before World War II, but in fewer numbers. 
  
 "Now, I can't really explain why the woman appears to be talking (other than yelling at the man who quickened his pace ahead of her)," Skroska said in an e-mail. "But I think it's fair to say it would be a hasty judgment to dismiss the possibility that it was a hearing aid she was holding up to her ear." 
  
 This explanation might be less exciting than the time travel theory, but it avoids a huge number of theoretical and practical problems associated with sending someone into the past. 
  
 Time travel issues 
  
 Theorists have kicked around a few scenarios for how people might travel to the past, said Brian Greene, author of the bestseller, "The Elegant Universe" (Vintage Books, 2000) and a physicist at Columbia University, during a past LiveScience interview. "And almost all of them, if you look at them closely, brush up right at the edge of physics as we understand it. Most of us think that almost all of them can be ruled out." 
  
 One theory focuses on wormholes – hypothetical tunnels that connect two regions of space-time that could represent two parts of the same universe, or even completely different universes. 
  
 But creating a wormhole that punches through space-time looks far beyond anything humans can accomplish with today's technology, said Michio Kaku, author of "Hyperspace" (Anchor, 1995) and "Parallel Worlds" (Anchor, 2006), and a physicist at the City University of New York, in a past interview. 
  
 Humans would need to somehow harness the energy of a star or possibly matter with negative energy density – an exotic and hypothetical form of matter with the energy of less than nothing. Even if such matter exists, there would likely not be enough of it for a time machine to harness. 
  
 Another time travel theory relies upon cosmic strings – narrow tubes of energy that span the entire length of the expanding universe. Predictions suggest that such regions could contain huge amounts of mass and warp space-time in a way that allows for time travel. 
  
 The cosmic strings either run on infinitely or form loops "like spaghetti or SpaghettiO's," said Richard Gott, author of "Time Travel in Einstein's Universe" (Mariner Books, 2002) and an astrophysicist at Princeton University. Two such strings parallel to one another could perhaps bend space-time enough to make time travel possible – but it's a challenge that only a "super civilization" might try, Gott explained in a past interview. 
  
 Not what it seems 
  
 Any pathways that could theoretically allow for time travel between points in space-time have never been seen, according to Charles Liu, an astrophysicist at the City University of New York, College of Staten Island, and co-author on the book "One Universe: At Home in the Cosmos" (Joseph Henry Press, 1999). 
  
 Besides being "very unlikely to exist at all," such pathways are "even less likely to be able to transport anything larger than a subatomic particle intact," Liu said. 
  
 People of the present also have a track record of trying to fit what they see to known patterns, Liu pointed out. He added that it was no surprise for 21st-century people to see what they think is a cell phone in 1928, just as people claimed to see faces on Mars or the Virgin Mary in toast. 
  
 "So I'm going to bed tonight confident that the person was not a time traveler from the future," Liu said in an e-mail yesterday. ||||| Search Famecrawler: 
  
 writes a humor blog, called The Mommyologist , all about the changes in life that go along with being a parent. She loves to travel, and enjoys trying out different martini recipes on weekends. She lives in Connecticut with her husband of almost 7 years and her 4-year-old son.resides in San Francisco with her husband, daughter, beagle and a tarantula named Lulu. She has strung words together for the SF Weekly, Bust, and Jane among others and currently writes for Babble's Famecrawler and Family Style blog.is a freelance writer and online content consultant living in Brooklyn, New York. She specializes in celebrity news and has worked with The Daily News, OK! Magazine, and several online sites. In her spare time, she is usually out listening to music and writes about those adventures on her column for Huffington Post is 30ish mom of 4 kids, wife to one lucky guy and lover of all things smutty! She has an insatiable appetite for pop culture and celebrity gossip and still has a hard time believing that Dylan chose Kelly over Brenda. Kelli also blogs over at The Yummy Mummy Club about all things pop culture. Kelli lives in Ottawa, Canada but dreams of living the Gossip Girl life in New York one day.enjoys her career as an entertainment writer, covering the celeb buzz at the TV Crunch and Movie Crunch blogs. She loves celebrity gossip on any level, from A-listers right down to those pesky reality stars. Wendy lives in Central New York, where she enjoys time with her husband and two children.a.k.a Lulu and Moxleys Mom is a former public relations executive who quit the corporate grind to freelance when her identical twin girls were born in 2007. Lulu and Moxley are what she would have named her daughters if she was famous. Sadly, she's not — so she writes about celebrities instead. Visit her personal blog at luluandmoxley.blogspot.com is publisher/editor of A Mother World . She's slightly addicted to blogging and lives for social media but her two rambunctious boys remind her to go offline from time to time to enjoy things IRL.has two kids, one husband and a cat. The cat is the most difficult of the bunch. She has written about everything from football to TV ratings to antique dolls, but she mostly likes sharing stories about her adorable children on her blog, Because I Said So has been the publisher of Celebrity Moms — where celebrity and parenthood collide — since January 2006. She lives in Minneapolis, Minnesota with her husband, two sons, mother-in-law, dog, and cat. When not following the news and trends of Hollywood, Emma works as a business consultant and freelance business writer. |||||Summary: