Glassdoor names highest-rated female CEOs of 2015

Image 1 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

Glassdoor's recent list of 50 highest rated CEOs did not include any women. The careers website looked at its database of 400,000 CEOs to find how woman performed. Here are the top 10 female CEOs. 10. Marissa Mayer | Yahoo Approval rating: 72 percent | "As others have said, this is a great company to work for. The CEO is passionate and driven, and that does drive the employees." -- Former Yahoo employee

Image 1 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

Glassdoor's recent list of 50 highest rated CEOs did not include any women. The careers website looked at its database of 400,000 CEOs to find how woman performed. Here are the top 10 female CEOs. 10. Marissa Mayer | Yahoo Approval rating: 72 percent | "As others have said, this is a great company to work for. The CEO is passionate and driven, and that does drive the employees." -- Former Yahoo employee

Glassdoor's recent list of 50 highest rated CEOs did not include any...women. The careers website looked at its database of 400,000 CEOs to...find how woman performed. Here are the top 10 female CEOs. 10....Marissa Mayer | Yahoo Approval rating: 72 percent |..."As others have said, this is a great company to work for. The CEO is...passionate and driven, and that does drive the employees." -- Former...Yahoo employee

Image 2 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

9. Indra Nooyi | PepsiCo Approval rating: 73 percent | "Great Leadership Team. Opportunity for cross- functional experience. Team atmosphere. Employees care about you learning the business and being successful." -- PepsiCo key account manager

Image 2 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

9. Indra Nooyi | PepsiCo Approval rating: 73 percent | "Great Leadership Team. Opportunity for cross- functional experience. Team atmosphere. Employees care about you learning the business and being successful." -- PepsiCo key account manager

9. Indra Nooyi | PepsiCo Approval rating: 73...percent | "Great Leadership Team. Opportunity for cross- functional...experience. Team atmosphere. Employees care about you learning the...business and being successful." -- PepsiCo key account manager

Image 3 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

8. Sally Smith | Buffalo Wild Wings Approval rating: 75 percent | "B-Dubs is in high growth mode! the culture is fun and collaborative, and career and leadership development are now front and center which is exciting for people who want to grow in their careers." -- Anonymous Buffalo Wild Wings employee

Image 3 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

8. Sally Smith | Buffalo Wild Wings Approval rating: 75 percent | "B-Dubs is in high growth mode! the culture is fun and collaborative, and career and leadership development are now front and center which is exciting for people who want to grow in their careers." -- Anonymous Buffalo Wild Wings employee

8. Sally Smith | Buffalo Wild Wings Approval...rating: 75 percent | "B-Dubs is in high growth mode! the culture...is fun and collaborative, and career and leadership development are...now front and center which is exciting for people who want to grow in...their careers." -- Anonymous Buffalo Wild Wings employee

Image 4 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

7. Judith Faulkner | Epic Systems Corporation Approval rating: 76 percent | "There's a good combination of individual responsibility and available support systems. The corporate culture is not hierarchical and you're encouraged to communicate clearly across all levels of management." -- Former Epic Systems Corporation employee

Image 4 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

7. Judith Faulkner | Epic Systems Corporation Approval rating: 76 percent | "There's a good combination of individual responsibility and available support systems. The corporate culture is not hierarchical and you're encouraged to communicate clearly across all levels of management." -- Former Epic Systems Corporation employee

7. Judith Faulkner | Epic Systems Corporation Approval...rating: 76 percent | "There's a good combination of individual...responsibility and available support systems. The corporate culture is...not hierarchical and you're encouraged to communicate clearly across...all levels of management." -- Former Epic Systems Corporation employee

Image 5 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

6. Abby Johnson | Fidelity Investments Approval rating: 82 percent | "They have good benefits, executives make good decisions. Good culture overall. Branches will pay much better than the phone channels do." -- Fidelity Investments service trading manager

Image 5 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

6. Abby Johnson | Fidelity Investments Approval rating: 82 percent | "They have good benefits, executives make good decisions. Good culture overall. Branches will pay much better than the phone channels do." -- Fidelity Investments service trading manager

6. Abby Johnson | Fidelity Investments Approval...rating: 82 percent | "They have good benefits, executives make...good decisions. Good culture overall. Branches will pay much better...than the phone channels do." -- Fidelity Investments service trading...manager

Image 6 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

5. Sharon Turney | Victoria's Secret Stores Approval rating: 83 percent | "Senior leadership gives clear, concise and relevant direction. Leadership in this company has so much drive and passion." -- Victoria's Secret store manager

Image 6 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

5. Sharon Turney | Victoria's Secret Stores Approval rating: 83 percent | "Senior leadership gives clear, concise and relevant direction. Leadership in this company has so much drive and passion." -- Victoria's Secret store manager

5. Sharon Turney | Victoria's Secret Stores Approval...rating: 83 percent | "Senior leadership gives clear, concise and...relevant direction. Leadership in this company has so much drive and...passion." -- Victoria's Secret store manager

Image 7 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

4. Marillyn Hewson | Lockheed Martin Approval rating: 83 percent | "Executive leadership is very communicative, efficient, respected and respectful; worth following and learning from." -- Lockheed Martin employee

Image 7 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

4. Marillyn Hewson | Lockheed Martin Approval rating: 83 percent | "Executive leadership is very communicative, efficient, respected and respectful; worth following and learning from." -- Lockheed Martin employee

4. Marillyn Hewson | Lockheed Martin Approval...rating: 83 percent | "Executive leadership is very communicative,...efficient, respected and respectful; worth following and learning...from." -- Lockheed Martin employee

Image 8 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

3. Kay Krill | Ann Taylor Approval rating: 84 percent | "Most upper management are very supportive of this merchant mindset as long as you have a business case for what you're doing." -- Ann Taylor LOFT store manager

Image 8 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

3. Kay Krill | Ann Taylor Approval rating: 84 percent | "Most upper management are very supportive of this merchant mindset as long as you have a business case for what you're doing." -- Ann Taylor LOFT store manager

3. Kay Krill | Ann Taylor Approval rating: 84...percent | "Most upper management are very supportive of this merchant...mindset as long as you have a business case for what you're doing." --...Ann Taylor LOFT store manager

Image 9 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

2. Pamela Nicholson | Enterprise Rent-A-Car Approval rating: 84 percent | "I love the people I work with! It's not intimidating at all to reach out to upper management and there's so much support from them!" -- Enterprise Rent-A-Car assistant manager

Image 9 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

2. Pamela Nicholson | Enterprise Rent-A-Car Approval rating: 84 percent | "I love the people I work with! It's not intimidating at all to reach out to upper management and there's so much support from them!" -- Enterprise Rent-A-Car assistant manager

2. Pamela Nicholson | Enterprise Rent-A-Car Approval...rating: 84 percent | "I love the people I work with! It's not...intimidating at all to reach out to upper management and there's so...much support from them!" -- Enterprise Rent-A-Car assistant manager

Image 10 of 10 |10 highest-rated female CEOs

1. Mary Barra | General Motors Approval rating: 86 percent | "New CEO seems to be doing her best to build the company and regain customer's trust by changing the culture." -- General Motors group leader

Image 10 of 10 - 10 highest-rated female CEOs

1. Mary Barra | General Motors Approval rating: 86 percent | "New CEO seems to be doing her best to build the company and regain customer's trust by changing the culture." -- General Motors group leader

1. Mary Barra | General Motors Approval rating: 86...percent | "New CEO seems to be doing her best to build the company and...regain customer's trust by changing the culture." -- General Motors...group leader

Write a one or two sentence summary.