By. Peter Allen and Lyle Brennan. PUBLISHED:. 11:35 EST, 27 March 2012. |. UPDATED:. 12:59 EST, 28 March 2012. Fanatic: Gunman Mohammed Merah, who is said to have recorded the footage sent to Al-Jazeera. A disturbing video showing the killings of three French soldiers and four people at a Jewish school was sent to a TV network - but not by the gunman who filmed it, police said. The revelation raises the possibility of an accomplice to the crimes. Arabic TV network Al-Jazeera has said it will not air the footage of the Toulouse shootings after the video arrived at its office in Paris. It appears to have been recorded during Mohammed Merah's deadly attacks earlier this month. The decision not to broadcast the video, which was sent on a USB memory stick along with a letter to the station, came after French president Nicolas Sarkozy and family of the victims had asked for it not to be shown. Police believe it was filmed by the gunman himself, who was killed last week after a 32-hour stand-off with police at his apartment. Merah recorded all of his murders, which began on March 11 with the shooting of a French soldier. Before the rampage ended, two more soldiers, three Jewish children and a rabbi were killed. Al-Jazeera's announcement came as it emerged that Merah's convicted criminal father plans to sue the French government for ‘murdering’ his son. In what is likely to be one of the most controversial legal actions in criminal history, Mohammed Benalel Merah wants an apology and compensation. This is despite the fact that he is a convicted drug dealer who had next to nothing to do with his son from the age of six, and now lives in Algeria. Mr Merah, who is in his 60s, said that his son, who murdered seven people in total, stood ‘no chance’ against the police. Meanwhile, it has been claimed that the killer had spied for the French secret service before his ten-day spree. Italian. newspaper Il Foglio alleges that the Muslim fanatic acted as an. informer to the DGSE intelligence agency while travelling to Israel,. Jordan and Afghanistan in 2010. In return for information about Islamic terror cells, the paper said, French agents allowed Merah to travel freely. Il Foglio claims details of this arrangement were leaked by French and Israeli spies. Respect: President Nicolas Sarkozy delivers a speech today before magistrates and policemen who investigated the shootings. Earlier he joined calls for the gunman's footage not to be aired after it was sent to broadcasters. Elsewhere. on the continent, police in Spain arrested a suspected Al Qaeda member. who is thought to have been key to the terror cell's internet. operations, spreading propaganda and working to recruit jihadists. Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz. said the arrest was not connected to the murders in France, adding that. the Jordanian-born Saudi citizen had 'administered one of the world's. most important jihadist forums'. The letter sent to Al-Jazeera said Merah's killings were carried out in the name of Al Qaeda. Zied Tarrouche, the network's Paris bureau chief, said the note was written in poor French with spelling and grammatical errors. The. images it accompanied appear to have been taken from the point of view. of the killer, he said, perhaps from a camera hung around Merah's neck. They were shaky but of a high technical quality. The video had clearly been edited with. religious songs and recitations of Koranic verses laid over the. footage, Mr Tarrouche said. He added: 'You can hear gunshots at. the moment of the killings. You can hear the voice of this person who. has committed these assassinations. You can hear also the cries of the. victims, and the voices were distorted.' Earlier Mr Sarkozy had asked that the images not be broadcast. 'I. ask the managers of all television stations that might have these. images not to broadcast them in any circumstances, out of respect for. the victims - out of respect for the Republic,' he said. Family: Police arrest Abdelkader Merah, the gunman's older brother. The killer's father has now spoken out in public, vowing to sue the French government for shooting his son dead. There has been no indication that other stations received the footage. Mr Tarrouche said: 'We are not a. sensationalist channel. We're not looking to broadcast images without. weighing the risks and the consequences. That's why the management will. decide today after meeting at headquarters in Qatar.' The decision not to broadcast the images came a few hours later. As. France tries to come to terms with the attacks shown in the video, the. gunman's estranged father says French special forces could easily have. ‘taken my son alive’. Mr Merah said: ‘They could have used gas to capture him, but they preferred to kill him. ‘I’m. going to hire the biggest named lawyers and work for the rest of my. life to pay their costs. I will sue France for killing my son.’ Siege: A hooded policeman looks out of a window at the bullet-ridden apartment where Merah made his last stand. The killer's father claims police could have taken him alive. His move was immediately condemned by. Mr Sarkozy’s government, who revealed that Mohammed Benalel Merah spent. four years in prison in Toulouse before returning to his homeland of. Algeria. In 1999 he was arrested for drug. dealing on the Toulouse estate where Mohammed junior grew up, and in. June 2000 he was sentenced to five years in prison. The term was. increased by nine months for witness tampering. Alain. Juppe, France’s foreign secretary, said: ‘If I was the father of a. monster like that, I’d shut up out of shame’, while a spokesman for Mr. Sarkozy said the legal action was ‘abhorrent’. Anti-terrorist prosecutor Francois Molins, meanwhile, said police did ‘everything they could to arrest Merah alive’. The French authorities' activities prior to Merah's killings have also come into question. Security chiefs were today refusing to comment on Il Foglio's claim that they may have been working with the killer before his attacks in south-west France. The Italian newspaper said: 'Merah was considered to fit the profile of the kind of young man who could infiltrate terrorist training camps in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and provide crucial intelligence to western countries.' Prime Minister Francois Fillon last week defended the state's intelligence agencies and insisted France had had 'no grounds' to detain Merah before he went on his rampage. He told French radio: 'There was no single element to allow for the detention of Mohammed Merah. France mourns: Hundreds of people gather in Toulouse's Capitol square for a minute's silence in memory of Merah's victims. 'Intelligence agents had watched him for long enough to come to the conclusion that there was no indication that this was a dangerous man who would one day pass from words to acts. 'Merah was interrogated, watched and listened to, and appeared to be a man living a normal life.' The self-styled Islamic warrior, who was shot dead by police marksmen, is said to be buried in Algeria, so that his grave will not be desecrated in France. Merah’s brother, 29-year-old Abdelkader Merah, has been charged with aiding and abetting the terrorist. Both brothers are thought to have been members of radical Islamic groups in Toulouse, and Merah was known to security services in both France and America. Spanish police today arrested a suspected member of Al Qaeda who was key to the terror group's internet propaganda and recruiting operations, officials said. The suspect arrested in the eastern city of Valencia 'administered one of the world's most important jihadist forums', dedicated to recruiting and indoctrinating Islamic terrorists, Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz said. The name of that forum and the suspect's name were not given, only his initials, MHA. He is Jordanian-born with Saudi citizenship. 'He was known within the organisation as Al Qaeda's librarian,' Mr Fernandez Diaz said, without specifying what that term meant in this case. The suspect worked at home for '8 to 15 hours a day' for Al Qaeda and for two offshoots, Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, the minister said. 'He spread jihadist ideas and worked to recruit and arrange transportation of possible jihadists to Afghanistan and other countries where terrorism is very active,' Mr Fernandez Diaz said. The Interior Ministry said in a statement he was arrested as part of a probe that determined the man used the Web to distribute videos designed to encourage terrorist acts, the ministry said in a statement. The minister said the raid in which he was arrested was not linked to the recent killings in Toulouse, France. However, he added that gunman Mohammed Merah became indoctrinated thanks to the work of people like the Valencia suspect. Spanish authorities said today's arrest stemmed from a probe that began in February 2011. The suspect was arrested at home on orders from an investigating magistrate in Madrid.
What are the important parts of this article?