Here is a news article: NEW YORK -- When Newsweek published Andrew Sullivan's cover story three weeks ago with the provocative headline "Why Are Obama's Critics So Dumb?," former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin quickly took the magazine to task on Twitter. 
  
 "Newsweek: know what's truly 'dumb'?" Palin tweeted. "Giving a cover story to the TrigTruther conspiracy kook writer who thinks I didn't give birth to my son." 
  
 Sullivan, a veteran journalist who brought his popular Daily Dish blog to the Daily Beast and Newsweek a year ago, has long questioned Palin's account of how she gave birth to Trig, her fifth child, in April 2008. Salon, among other news outlets, has looked into the matter and last year debunked the theory that Palin didn't give birth to Trig. 
  
 Tina Brown, editor-in-chief of Newsweek and the Daily Beast and oft-described "Queen of Buzz," is renowned for running attention-grabbing stories and covers in hopes of sparking conversation and controversy. So it's not surprising Brown would commission a piece from Palin on Trig just weeks after Palin took a shot at one of the magazine's top writers over his history of raising doubts about Trig's birth. 
  
 But a Daily Beast spokesperson says the Palin piece was assigned last week following the news that Rick Santorum's daughter, Bella, had been hospitalized and he was briefly leaving the campaign trail. 
  
 "We asked Sarah Palin if she would like to share her personal story about life with a child with special needs upon learning about Senator Santorum's decision last week to place his campaign on hold to be with his daughter," the spokesperson emailed. 
  
 Palin's article, "My Life With Trig," is now online and in the iPad edition of Newsweek that's on sale Sunday. The print issue hits newsstands Monday. 
  
 While Palin doesn't address those who've questioned her account of Trig's birth, it's hard not to view the first-person essay as something of a response to Sullivan, especially given her recent criticism of him and Newsweek. She writes: 
  
 When I discovered early in my pregnancy that my baby would be born with an extra chromosome, the diagnosis of Down syndrome frightened me so much that I dared not discuss my pregnancy for many months. All I could seem to muster was a calling out to God to prepare my heart for what was ahead. My prayers were answered beyond my shallow understanding of what true joy could be. Yes, raising a child with special needs is a unique challenge, and there's still fear about my son Trig's future because of health and social challenges; and certainly some days are much more difficult than if I had a "normal" child. 
  
 Since the end of the 2008 presidential campaign -- when Palin came to prominence on the national stage -- she's had a complicated, co-dependent relationship with the news media. She's famous for attacking media elites while also profiting off their attention by securing lucrative book deals and a multimillion-dollar contract with top-rated cable network Fox News. 
  
 In July, Palin landed on Newsweek's cover and helped drum up more media speculation that she'd run for president by declaring, "I can win." MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell blasted Newsweek's "desperate attempt to boost newsstand sales," while stating that Palin "is never going to run for president or any other elective office." Months later, Palin finally ended the media guessing game by announcing she would not run. 
  
 While Palin seems to have a good relationship with Newsweek under Brown's stewardship, she clashed with the previous regime. In May 2010, she called the magazine "sexist" for using a Runner's World photo of her for its cover. 
  
 "We chose the most interesting image available to us to illustrate the theme of the cover, which is what we always try to do," then-editor Jon Meacham told The Huffington Post at the time. "We apply the same test to photographs of any public figure, male or female: Does the image convey what we are saying? That is a gender-neutral standard." 
  
  
  
 Earlier on HuffPost: ||||| Last week, Rick Santorum and his family offered us a reminder of what really matters. When his 3-year-old daughter, Bella, born with Trisomy 18, was hospitalized with pneumonia, Rick left the campaign trail to be by her bedside. In the middle of this very heated campaign season, many of us prayed through tears for Bella’s health and added prayers of thankfulness for a public example of someone’s sacrifice made with the right priorities. 
  
 It’s a sacrifice every parent and caregiver of a child with special needs sympathizes with. Families of children with special needs are bonded by a shared experience of the joys, challenges, fears, and blessings of raising these beautiful children whom we see as perfect in this imperfect world. 
  
 During the 2008 presidential campaign, on rope lines at rallies across the country, my husband, Todd, and I met so many of these families and caretakers, and I’ll never forget them. There was an instant connection—a kind of mutual acknowledgment that said, “Yes, these children are precious and loved. Yes, we face extra fears and challenges, but our children are a blessing, and the rest of the world is missing out in not knowing this.” 
  
 Every parent struggles with juggling the commitments of work and family. Women, especially, know this well. Over the years, I’ve learned that women can “have it all,” just not all at once. For me, it was a lesson learned through the school of hard knocks, but it was one my own mother made me aware of when she calmly told me that as a working mom in the rough-and-tumble political arena, I would have to make tough choices. We all do. In making decisions about my career, I’ve put my family first, and I’ve never regretted it, although it has meant periodically putting particular pursuits on the back burner. 
  
 When I discovered early in my pregnancy that my baby would be born with an extra chromosome, the diagnosis of Down syndrome frightened me so much that I dared not discuss my pregnancy for many months. All I could seem to muster was a calling out to God to prepare my heart for what was ahead. My prayers were answered beyond my shallow understanding of what true joy could be. Yes, raising a child with special needs is a unique challenge, and there’s still fear about my son Trig’s future because of health and social challenges; and certainly some days are much more difficult than if I had a “normal” child. 
  
 Sarah Palin with her son, Trig. (Jack Kurtz / ZUMA-Corbis) 
  
 Many everyday activities like doctor’s appointments and social gatherings and travel accommodations and even mealtimes and a solid night of sleep are that much more difficult, but at the end of the day I wouldn’t trade the relative difficulties for any convenience or absence of fear. God knew what he was doing when he blessed us with Trig. We went from fear of the unknown to proudly displaying a bumper sticker sent to us that reads: “My kid has more chromosomes than your kid!” He may not be the next Wayne Gretzky, but our hearts are filled with so much pride watching Trig giggle with his sisters’ puppies, or sway to the rhythm of his Little Angels DVDs, it’s as if he were hoisting the Stanley Cup. 
  
 Granted, I know I may be more fortunate than others to have loving friends and a big, supportive family I call on to help, including a husband who spends many sleepless nights with this restless little one. (And Todd actually makes Trig’s puréed baby food!) Others aren’t so fortunate, and in our thankfulness I am made more compassionate toward others who have less. 
  
 I often think now, what would we do without Trig? He’s our “everything that really matters.” 
  
 PHOTOS The Life of Sarah Palin 
  
 Trig is almost 4 years old now, and every morning when he wakes up, he pulls himself up, rubs the sleep out of his eyes, looks around, and then starts applauding! He welcomes each day with thunderous applause and laughter. He looks around at creation and claps as if to say, “OK, world, what do you have for me today?” 
  
 My family knows that Trig will face struggles that few of us will ever have to endure, including people who can be so cruel to those not deemed “perfect” by society. The cruelty is more than made up for, though, when someone simply smiles at our son. Nothing makes me prouder. As I explained in a Thanksgiving article, I notice it happens often in airports. Travelers passing by will do a double-take when they see him, perhaps curious about the curious look on his face; or perhaps my son momentarily exercises an uncontrollable motion that takes the passerby by surprise. Perhaps, as an innocent and candid child announced when she first met Trig, they think, “He’s awkward.” But when that traveler pauses to look again and smiles, and maybe tells me what a handsome boy I have, I swell with pride. I am so thankful for their good hearts. They represent the best in our country, and their kindness shows the real hope we need today. |||||
A summary of this is?