Please answer the following question: Information:  - Jeffrey Tunnell is a computer game producer, programmer and designer.  - A flight simulator is a device that artificially re-creates aircraft flight and the environment in which it flies, for pilot training, design, or other purposes. It includes replicating the equations that govern how aircraft fly, how they react to applications of flight controls, the effects of other aircraft systems, and how the aircraft reacts to external factors such as air density, turbulence, wind shear, cloud, precipitation, etc. Flight simulation is used for a variety of reasons, including flight training (mainly of pilots), the design and development of the aircraft itself, and research into aircraft characteristics and control handling qualities.  - The user interface (UI), in the industrial design field of humancomputer interaction, is the space where interactions between humans and machines occur. The goal of this interaction is to allow effective operation and control of the machine from the human end, whilst the machine simultaneously feeds back information that aids the operators' decision-making process. Examples of this broad concept of user interfaces include the interactive aspects of computer operating systems, hand tools, heavy machinery operator controls, and process controls. The design considerations applicable when creating user interfaces are related to or involve such disciplines as ergonomics and psychology.  - Betrayal at Krondor is a DOS-based role-playing video game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra On-Line in the summer of 1993. "Betrayal at Krondor" takes place largely in Midkemia, the fantasy world developed by Raymond E. Feist in his "Riftwar" novels. The game is designed to resemble a book, separated into chapters and narrated in the third-person with a quick-save bookmark feature.  - Sierra Entertainment (previously Sierra On-Line, commonly referred to as Sierra) is an American publisher founded in 1979 as On-Line Systems by Ken and Roberta Williams. Based in Oakhurst, California and later in Fresno, California, the division is now owned by Activision, a subsidiary of Activision Blizzard.  - Activision Blizzard, Inc. is an American interactive gaming and entertainment company. Headquartered in Santa Monica, California and founded in 2008 through the merger of Vivendi Games and Activision, the company is traded on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol , and since 2015 has been one of the stocks that make up the S&P 500. Activision Blizzard currently includes five business units: Activision, Blizzard Entertainment, Major League Gaming, Activision Blizzard Studios, and King Digital Entertainment.  - California is the most populous state in the United States and the third most extensive by area. Located on the western (Pacific Ocean) coast of the U.S., California is bordered by the other U.S. states of Oregon, Nevada, and Arizona and shares an international border with the Mexican state of Baja California. The state capital is Sacramento. Los Angeles is California's most populous city, and the country's second largest after New York City. The state also has the nation's most populous county, Los Angeles County, and its largest county by area, San Bernardino County.  - Roberta Williams (born February 16, 1953) is an American video game designer, writer, and a co-founder of Sierra On-Line (later known as Sierra Entertainment), who developed her first game while living in Simi Valley, California. She is most famous for her pioneering work in the field of graphic adventure games with titles such as "Mystery House", the "King's Quest" series, and "Phantasmagoria". She is married to Ken Williams and retired from her career in 1999. Roberta Williams is one of the most influential PC game designers of the 1980s and 1990s, and has been credited with creating the graphic adventure genre.  - A-10 Tank Killer is a flight simulation computer game for Amiga and DOS platforms developed and published by Dynamix. The game features an A-10 Thunderbolt II attack aircraft. The game was originally released for DOS in 1989 and for Amiga in 1990. Following the success of "Red Baron", version 1.5 was released in 1991 which included Gulf War missions and improved graphics and sounds. Several mission packs were sold separately. A sequel published by Sierra, "", was released in 1996.  - Red Baron is a critically acclaimed video game for the PC , created by Damon Slye at Dynamix and published by Sierra Entertainment . It was released in 1990 . As the name suggests , the game is a flying simulation set on the Western Front of World War I. The player can engage in single missions or career mode , flying for either the German Air Service or the Royal Flying Corps . In the course of the game the player might find himself either flying in the Red Baron 's squadron Jasta 11 , or encountering him as an enemy above the front . A port of the game for the Nintendo 64 was announced , but never released .  - A display device is an output device for presentation of information in visual or tactile form (the latter used for example in tactile electronic displays for blind people). When the input information is supplied has an electrical signal, the display is called an "electronic display".  - Damon Slye (born June 15, 1962) is a computer game designer, director, and programmer. In 1984 he founded Dynamix with Jeff Tunnell in Eugene, Oregon. He is best known for creating the historic flight simulations "Red Baron", "A-10 Tank Killer", and "Aces of the Pacific".  - Activision Publishing, Inc., also known as Activision, is an American video game publisher. It was founded on October 1, 1979 and was the world's first independent developer and distributor of video games for gaming consoles. Its first products were cartridges for the Atari 2600 video console system published from July 1980 for the US market and from August 1981 for the international market (UK).   - The concept of video games as a form of art is a controversial topic within the entertainment industry. Though video games have been afforded legal protection as creative works by the Supreme Court of the United States, the philosophical proposition that video games are works of art remains in question, even when considering the contribution of expressive elements such as graphics, storytelling and music. Even art games, games purposely designed to be a work of creative expression, have been challenged as works of art by some critics.  - A video game is an electronic game that involves human or animal interaction with a user interface to generate visual feedback on a video device such as a TV screen or computer monitor. The word "video" in "video game" traditionally referred to a raster display device, but as of the 2000s, it implies any type of display device that can produce two- or three-dimensional images. Some theorists categorize video games as an art form, but this designation is controversial.  - Dynamix, Inc. was an American developer of video games from 1984 to 2001, best known for the flight simulator "Red Baron", the puzzle game "The Incredible Machine", the "Front Page Sports" series, the acclaimed "Betrayal at Krondor," and their online multiplayer game "Tribes".  - IMAGE (from Imager for Magnetopause-to-Aurora Global Exploration), or Explorer 78, was a NASA MIDEX mission that studied the global response of the Earth's magnetosphere to changes in the solar wind. It was launched March 25, 2000 by a Delta II rocket from Vandenberg AFB and ceased operations in December 2005.  - An electronic game is a game that employs electronics to create an interactive system with which a player can play. Video game is the most common form today, and for this reason the terms are often mistakenly used synonymously. Other common forms of electronic game include such products as handheld electronic games, standalone systems (e.g. pinball, slot machines, or electro-mechanical arcade games), and exclusively non-visual products (e.g. audio games).  - Aces of the Pacific is a combat flight simulator game developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1992. The game takes place during World War II. Player can choose single or instant mission, or choose to take a career path in United States Army Air Forces, United States Navy, United States Marines, Imperial Japanese Army or Imperial Japanese Navy. Its success caused Dynamix to create a very similar follow-up "Aces Over Europe" in 1993.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'red baron ' with the relationship of 'genre'.  Choices: - adventure  - animal  - combat flight simulator  - country  - design  - electro  - entertainment  - fantasy  - flight  - game  - image  - information  - march  - music  - mystery  - phantasmagoria  - pinball  - play  - psychology  - puzzle  - research  - space  - variety  - video  - war  - western
A: