Sonoma County survivalist charged with mysterious killings on Jenner beach 
  
 Investigators believe 38-year-old Shaun Gallon is responsible for the double murder of a couple in Jenner in 2004. Investigators believe 38-year-old Shaun Gallon is responsible for the double murder of a couple in Jenner in 2004. Photo: Sonoma County Sheriff's Office Photo: Sonoma County Sheriff's Office Image 1 of / 15 Caption Close Sonoma County survivalist charged with mysterious killings on Jenner beach 1 / 15 Back to Gallery 
  
 A Sonoma County survivalist who has long been known for strange and violent behavior, and who already stands accused of gunning down his brother, has been charged with murdering a young engaged couple in August 2004 as they lay in sleeping bags on a beach in Jenner. 
  
 Shaun Michael Gallon, the lead suspect in the Jenner case for the past year, faces two counts of murder in the gunshot killings of Lindsay Cutshall, 22, of Fresno, Ohio, and her 26-year-old fiance, Jason Allen of Zeeland, Mich. 
  
 Gallon, 39, is eligible for the death penalty or life in prison without the possibility of parole if convicted, but Sonoma County prosecutors have not said whether they will seek execution. Prosecutors also charged Gallon with attempted murder in a separate package bomb case in Monte Rio in 2004. 
  
 Sonoma County Chief Deputy District Attorney Spencer Brady said Gallon was never ruled out as a suspect in the cold-case murders. 
  
 “After he was in custody for the death of his brother, the Sheriff’s Department developed new evidence that linked him to the 2004 murders of Jason and Lindsay,” Brady said. He added that prosecutors wouldn’t elaborate on the new evidence entailed until Gallon’s preliminary hearing. 
  
 Now Playing: 
  
 The Sonoma County public defender’s office, which is representing Gallon, could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday. 
  
 The charges, filed last week, are a major step in a long-running cold case. Sonoma County sheriff’s investigators spent more than a dozen years pursuing the beach gunman, searching for suspects across the country while looking at gun records and eyeing serial killers. 
  
 Gallon was long considered a “person of interest” in the slayings, but the break in the case did not come until March 24, 2017, when Gallon allegedly killed his younger brother in Forestville, shooting him several times. 
  
 Investigators said Gallon, after being arrested, told police enough to tie him to the killings of Cutshall and Allen. But prosecutors held off on filing charges as detectives continued to dig into the case. 
  
 The allegations say Gallon, who was 25 at the time, shot the pair with a .45-caliber Marlin rifle at close range as they slept on secluded Fish Head Beach near the mouth of the Russian River. 
  
 The couple had been working that summer at a Christian youth camp along the American River in El Dorado County and had gone on a three-day sightseeing trip up the coast that would have taken them through Forestville. 
  
 Investigators said Cutshall and Allen didn’t know Gallon, though it’s unclear whether they might have had an interaction with him before their deaths. 
  
 The biggest cold cases in the Bay Area The biggest cold cases in the Bay Area Photo: Michael Macor Photo: Michael Macor Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close The biggest cold cases in the Bay Area 1 / 13 Back to Gallery 
  
 A motive has been elusive in the beach killings, as in the shooting of Gallon’s brother. 
  
 On that day, the mother of the two men called for help, saying 36-year-old Shamus Gallon had been shot with a rifle at the home where the family lived on the 9800 block of River Road. The family had moved to the home from Guerneville after the brothers’ father killed himself in 2013. 
  
 The mother reported that Shaun Gallon had left the house with the rifle and driven away in his minivan, officials said. He was swiftly apprehended and charged with murder. 
  
 It wasn’t Gallon’s first brush with the law. He was convicted of assault with a deadly weapon for shooting an arrow at a man in Guerneville, just west of Forestville, on Jan. 27, 2009. 
  
 Gallon, described by investigators in that case as a survivalist, served a three-year sentence — spending some of his time at San Quentin State Prison — after wounding James McNeil of Monte Rio, who was sitting in a parked convertible on Mill Street when an arrow came through the soft top of the car and grazed his head. 
  
 Gallon had convictions in his 20s for resisting arrest, weapons possession, theft, drunken driving and hunting abalone without proper paperwork, records show. 
  
 The new attempted-murder charges stem from a package bomb that exploded on June 10, 2004, when 27-year-old Parvoneh Leval picked up a box left on her boyfriend John Robles’ car. Leval was treated for severe cuts and bruises on her hand and arm. 
  
 Cutshall and Allen were killed sometime after nightfall on Aug. 14, 2004, and before sunrise Aug. 16, officials said. Their bodies were found in their sleeping bags Aug. 18. Both were shot in the head. Cutshall and Allen were killed just weeks before they were to return to the Midwest to get married. 
  
 Detectives on the case pursued a number of possible motives in the killings — from sexual assault to murder-suicide, all of which were ruled out. 
  
 Megan Cassidy is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: megan.cassidy@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @meganrcassidy ||||| Read a 2014 Sonoma Magazine story on the 10-year anniversary of the killings and the life-changing effect they had on former Sheriff Steve Freitas here . ____ For past coverage of the slayings go here 
  
 Shaun Michael Gallon, the Forestville felon named more than a year ago as the lone suspect in the shooting deaths of a young Midwestern couple on a Jenner beach in 2004, has been charged by Sonoma County prosecutors with the two murders, marking a pivotal moment in a shocking case of violence that vexed sheriff’s detectives for years. 
  
 Gallon, 39, has been held in Sonoma County Jail since he was arrested in March 2017 in the slaying of his younger brother in their family home. His detention led to jailhouse interviews with investigators in the Jenner case, according to the Sonoma County Sheriff’s Office, and just weeks later, in May 2017, then-Sheriff Steve Frietas identified Gallon as the gunman who killed Lindsay Cutshall, 22, and her fiance, Jason Allen, 26, as they lay in sleeping bags at secluded Fish Head Beach. 
  
 Gallon, who was known in the Russian River area where he grew up for strange behavior and run-ins with law enforcement, was interviewed by sheriff’s officials at the time but never detained in connection with the case. 
  
 Sheriff Rob Giordano said the Jenner killings were “horrific” for the Cutshall and Allen families and for Sonoma County — a cold case that defined careers for many of the hundreds of Sheriff’s Office personnel involved in the search for the gunman. 
  
 “Unfortunately, there are evil people in our community, not many, but he is one of those people,” Giordano said. “I’m just really glad he’s off the street now.” 
  
 On Friday, prosecutors filed documents in Sonoma County Superior Court charging Gallon with killing Cutshall and Allen. He was arraigned on those charges Monday morning in a brief court hearing. Prosecutors also charged him with one count of attempted murder in a separate case dating to 2004, when he is alleged to have left on top of a car a package bomb that exploded, injuring a Monte Rio woman. He did not enter a plea. 
  
 Sonoma County Chief Deputy District Attorney Brian Staebell said prosecutors received an essential set of reports from the Sheriff’s Office on May 1, including documents from 13 years of investigative work, and after reviewing the files they were able to charge Gallon with the killings. 
  
 “It was a very thorough investigation,” Staebell said. 
  
 Prosecutors, led by Chief Deputy District Attorney Spencer Brady, are still reviewing whether to seek the death penalty in connection with the double murder. 
  
 Details in a spate of criminal cases against Gallon dating to 2004 cast him as a darkly troubled man, a self-taught survivalist and weapons fanatic who in 2009 shot a man with a hand-fashioned bow and arrow. In addition to the bombing, Gallon now stands accused of shooting to death three people, including his brother, Shamus Gallon, in their family home in Forestville last year, and Cutshall and Allen on the Jenner beach 14 years ago. 
  
 His suspected motives remain unknown. 
  
 “There is no question that he suffers from mental illness,” Sonoma County Public Defender Kathleen Pozzi said. 
  
 Pozzi said she’s still not convinced Gallon was involved in the Jenner killings, and she may file a motion requesting the two murder cases and attempted homicide case be handled separately because they are unrelated. |||||
What is a one-paragraph summary of the above article?