Amanda Knox has become engaged to a 27-year-old musician who wrote to her while she was in an Italian prison. 
  
 The 27-year-old will reportedly marry Colin Sutherland, who Knox has known since middle school. 
  
 But as their families celebrate in Washington, a legal back and forth continues in Italy as Knox and her co-defendant and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito fight back against their 2014 re-conviction by an Italian upper court for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher. 
  
 Engaged! Amanda Knox (right) is reportedly engaged to her childhood friend, musician Colin Sutherland (left) 
  
 The news of Knox's engagement was first reported in a Seattle Times column on Wednesday. 
  
 Columnist Jonathan Martin writes that Knox confirmed the engagement to him via email buut said no more. The pair were engaged last week. 
  
 No date has been set for the nuptials. 
  
 Before her current love was revealed in September, Knox was known to be living in Seattle with her classical guitarist then-boyfriend James Terrano. 
  
 A LinkedIn profile for Sutherland once listed his name as Thunderstrike after the Marvel comic-book character - says he studied French at Sarah Lawrence 
  
 Sutherland once lived in Brooklyn but has since moved back to Seattle, where he and Knox attended middle school. 
  
 Sutherland once lived in Brooklyn but has since moved back to Seattle, where he and Knox attended middle school. Here, Knox is pictured with Sutherland in New York during a visit in July 
  
 Sealed with a kiss: Sutherland (again seen here with Knox during her visit to New York as they locked lips at Coney Island) and Knox reported were engaged last week 
  
 Childhood friend: Sutherland reportedly wrote to Knox as she sat in an Italian prison following her 2009 conviction. The pair have known each other since middle school 
  
 She was set to graduate from the University of Washington this past June with a degree in creative writing. 
  
 She's now working at a Seattle bookstore and as a writer for the West Seattle Herald. 
  
 Meanwhile, her case is headed back into the Italian courts once again following an initial conviction, an overturning of that conviction followed by her reconviction along with Sollecito. 
  
 It seems unlikely Knox, who now lives in the U.S, will ever be returned to jail for the crime as she has repeatedly refused to return to Italy. If she is convicted again, Italy is likely to request to extradite her but her longstanding battle to prove her innocence has made her a cause célèbre in the U.S who may ignore political pressure to send her back. 
  
 Sollecito and Knox were first found guilty of murder in November 2009. 
  
 The previous man: Knox was last known before Sutherland to be dating classical guitarist James Terrano, who she reportedly lived with in Seattle, Washington 
  
 The killers' convictions were later quashed after experts said forensic evidence had been contaminated and they were released. Prosecutors then appealed that finding and the case was re-tried in March 2013. 
  
 In January last year a court upheld the original verdict, but the pair remained at large as under Italy's legal system, any verdict reached after a second appeal but be ratified by the highest court. 
  
 Since the last verdict, Sollecito, 30, has stayed in Italy. He was ordered to remain there after being found near the Italian border with Slovenia and Austria hours after being found guilty for the second time. He has since completed a degree in information technology. 
  
 Back then: Knox was accused along with her then boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito (both at left) of brutally murdering Knox's roommate in Perugia, Italy Meredith Kercher, 21 (right) in 2007 
  
 Kercher, 21, was found dead on the floor of her bedroom. Some of her belongings were missing and Knox reported an apparent burglary to police. 
  
 Detectives concluded the supposed break-in looked staged and Knox became the prime suspect. 
  
 She then implicated Patrick Lumumba, a bar owner she worked for. The duo were arrested along with Sollecito. Mr Lumumba was later released when evidence pointed to Rudy Guede's involvement. 
  
 Guede was then accused of committing the murder along with Sollecito and Knox. In October 2008 he was found guilty of sexually assaulting and murdering Kercher. 
  
 Home for good: While it's highly unlikely that Knox would be extradited no matter what happens in court in March, her ex Raffaele Sollecito must face the music in his home country ||||| Originally published February 11, 2015 at 3:45 PM | Page modified February 11, 2015 at 5:25 PM 
  
 Amanda Knox got engaged last week. 
  
 For an ordinary 27-year-old Seattleite, a wedding would be a pivot to a new life. The future Mr. Knox is Colin Sutherland, also 27, a musician who recently moved to Seattle from New York. They’ve known each other since middle school. Best of luck, and happy Valentine’s Day. 
  
 But Knox’s life is extraordinary, for all the wrong reasons. Married or not, Knox’s future is frozen at Nov. 2, 2007, the day her roommate, Meredith Kercher, was found brutally slain just at the start of Knox’s junior year abroad in Italy. 
  
 Since then, Knox’s case has pinballed through the Italian judicial system in ways that baffles many Americans. In quick summary: Knox returned home to West Seattle in 2011 after her murder conviction was reversed on appeal. That decision was appealed by prosecutors, and she and her ex-boyfriend were re-convicted in 2014. 
  
 The case takes another turn March 25 this year, when Italy’s Court of Cassation, its highest court, hears yet another appeal of an appeal, and decides whether Italy may seek to force Knox back for another trial. 
  
 Knox has sought to keep a low profile since returning, despite bouts of paparazzi stalking that yielded pictures of her and Sutherland, a lanky rock musician. Her engagement was disclosed by a source close to the family, and Knox confirmed it in an email, but declined to say anything else. 
  
 I met Knox for coffee late last year at a West Seattle café, on her condition it would be off-the-record. She’d recently graduated from the University of Washington, finishing the degree interrupted by her four years in prison, and had begun writing for the West Seattle Herald. She works at a bookstore. 
  
 As we talked about journalism, she struck me as a normal would-be writer — earnest, well-read, a bit of a goofy sense of humor. When I brought up her pending case, she shut down entirely. 
  
 I don’t blame her. The killing of her roommate spawned an industry of websites and message boards. The fine grains of evidence are sifted and re-sifted through nearly every possible lens — American entitlement, Italian buffoonery, female sexual power, male prosecutorial abuse, and so on. 
  
 Race plays a role because Knox falsely accused a black Italian man before recanting, a serious mistake she apologized for in her memoir. And then there’s Rudy Guede, who was convicted separately in Kercher’s death. Despite credible evidence pointing to him as the sole culprit, Guede could be released before Knox’s fate is determined. 
  
 Friends and sources consistently ask me about Knox, whose case I’ve covered off and on since 2007. To believe she’s innocent, you have to simply be willing to believe that prosecutors get stuck with tunnel vision, and that Italian judges are fallible political animals. It is telling that prosecutors’ sensational theory about Kercher’s death — a sex game gone awry — was abandoned in the latest court ruling, in favor of a more pedestrian case of roommate squabbling. 
  
 None of these theories holds up. It is a highly circumstantial case, with DNA evidence so thin that Knox probably wouldn’t have even been charged in the United States. The prosecution’s shifting theories reflect the fact that Knox had no motive. She might be America’s most famous wrongfully convicted person. 
  
 The March 25 hearing in Italy could result in her acquittal. Many of Knox’s supporters instead fear she and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito could be sent back for yet another trial. Knox has said publicly she has no intention of voluntarily returning to Italy. An extradition process would be legally difficult to avoid and painfully expensive for her family, but I suspect members of Washington’s congressional delegation will make it into a political fight. 
  
 Until then, if Seattleites see Knox around town, give her a smile and maybe a congratulations on her engagement. (No date has been set, according to my source.) 
  
 Her husband-to-be wrote her while she was in prison, and now he has signed up to be stalked by paparazzi, British tabloids and Internet trolls. It must be love. 
  
 Jonathan Martin's column appears regularly on editorial pages of The Times. His email address is jmartin@seattletimes.com 
  
 Four weeks for 99 cents of unlimited digital access to The Seattle Times. Try it now! |||||

Write a summary.