Information:  - James B. Harris (born August 3, 1928 in New York) is a film screenwriter, producer and director.  - An actor (or actress for females; see terminology) is a person who portrays a character in a performance. The actor performs "in the flesh" in the traditional medium of the theatre, or in modern mediums such as film, radio, and television. The analogous Greek term is, literally "one who answers". The actor's interpretation of their role pertains to the role played, whether based on a real person or fictional character. Interpretation occurs even when the actor is "playing themselves", as in some forms of experimental performance art, or, more commonly; to act, is to create, a character in performance.  - A Perfect Murder is a 1998 American crime thriller film directed by Andrew Davis and starring Michael Douglas, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Viggo Mortensen. It is a modern remake of Alfred Hitchcock's 1954 film "Dial M for Murder", though the characters' names are all changed, and over half the plot is completely rewritten and altered. Loosely based on the play by Frederick Knott, the screenplay was written by Patrick Smith Kelly.  - Raising Cain is a 1992 psychological thriller film written and directed by Brian De Palma, and starring John Lithgow, Lolita Davidovich and Steven Bauer.  - Viggo Peter Mortensen Jr. (born October 20, 1958) is a Danish-American actor. He made his film debut in Peter Weir's 1985 thriller "Witness", and subsequently appeared in many notable films of subsequent years, including "The Indian Runner" (1991), "Carlito's Way" (1993), "Crimson Tide" (1995), "Daylight" (1996), "The Portrait of a Lady" (1996), "G.I. Jane" (1997), "A Perfect Murder" (1998), "A Walk on the Moon" (1999), and "28 Days" (2000).  - Boiling Point is a 1993 American action film written and directed by James B. Harris , and starring Wesley Snipes , Dennis Hopper , Lolita Davidovich and Viggo Mortensen . The film was released in the United States on April 16 , 1993 . This was James B. Harris ' last film - making , who was retired as a film director .  - Dennis Lee Hopper (May 17, 1936  May 29, 2010) was an American actor, filmmaker, photographer and artist. He attended the Actors Studio, made his first television appearance in 1954, and soon after appeared alongside James Dean in "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955) and "Giant" (1956). In the next ten years he made a name in television, and by the end of the 1960s had appeared in several films. Hopper also began a prolific and acclaimed photography career in the 1960s.  - Jungle 2 Jungle is a 1997 American comedy film starring Tim Allen, Martin Short and Sam Huntington. It is an American remake of the 1994 French film "Un indien dans la ville" (also known as "Little Indian, Big City"). "Jungle 2 Jungle"s plot follows the original film fairly closely, with the biggest difference being the change in location from Paris to New York. The film was directed by John Pasquin, and produced by Walt Disney Pictures and TF1 Films Productions.  - The Indian Runner is a 1991 crime drama film written and directed by Sean Penn. It is based on Bruce Springsteen's song, "Highway Patrolman".  - Lolita Davidovich (born July 15, 1961) is a Canadian actress. Davidovich is known for her breakthrough title role as Blaze Starr in the 1989 film "Blaze", for which she received Chicago Film Critics Association Award nomination. She later had starring roles in films include "Leap of Faith" (1992), "Raising Cain" (1993), "Intersection" (1994), "Cobb" (1994), "Jungle 2 Jungle" (1997), "Gods and Monsters" (1998), "Mystery, Alaska" (1999), and "Play It to the Bone" (1999).  - An artist is a person engaged in one or more of any of a broad spectrum of activities related to creating art, practicing the arts or demonstrating an art. The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual arts only. The term is often used in the entertainment business, especially in a business context, for musicians and other performers (less often for actors). "Artiste" (the French for artist) is a variant used in English only in this context. Use of the term to describe writers, for example, is valid, but less common, and mostly restricted to contexts like criticism.  - Play It to the Bone is a 1999 sports/comedy-drama film, starring Antonio Banderas and Woody Harrelson, written and directed by Ron Shelton.  - G.I. Jane is a 1997 American action film directed by Ridley Scott, produced by Largo Entertainment, Scott Free Productions and Caravan Pictures, distributed by Hollywood Pictures and starring Demi Moore, Viggo Mortensen and Anne Bancroft. The film tells the fictional story of the first woman to undergo training in U.S. Navy Special Warfare Group.  - James Byron Dean (February 8, 1931  September 30, 1955) was an American actor. He is remembered as a cultural icon of teenage disillusionment and social estrangement, as expressed in the title of his most celebrated film, "Rebel Without a Cause" (1955), in which he starred as troubled teenager Jim Stark. The other two roles that defined his stardom were loner Cal Trask in "East of Eden" (1955) and surly ranch hand Jett Rink in "Giant" (1956).  - A film genre (or ) is a motion picture category based on similarities in either the narrative elements or the emotional response to the film (namely, serious, comic, etc.). Most theories of film genre are borrowed from literary genre criticism. The basic genres include fiction and documentary, from which subgenres have emerged, such as docufiction and docudrama. Other subgenres include the courtroom and trial-focused drama known as the legal drama. Types of fiction which may seem unrelated can also be combined to form hybrid subgenres, such as the melding of horror and comedy in the "Evil Dead" films. Other popular combinations are the romantic comedy and the action comedy film.  - A Walk on the Moon is a 1999 drama film starring Diane Lane, Viggo Mortensen, Liev Schreiber and Anna Paquin. The movie, which was set against the backdrop of the Woodstock festival of 1969 and the moon landing of that year, was distributed by Miramax Films. The film was highly acclaimed on release, particularly Diane Lane's performance for which she earned an Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Female Lead.   - Mystery, Alaska is a 1999 comedy-drama film directed by Jay Roach about an amateur ice hockey team, from the fictional small-town of Mystery, that plays an exhibition game against the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League. It was shot in Banff National Park and in a "town" built for the purpose outside Canmore, Alberta.  - Blaze Starr (born Fannie Belle Fleming; April 10, 1932  June 15, 2015) was an American stripper and burlesque comedian. Her vivacious presence and inventive use of stage props earned her the nickname "The Hottest Blaze in Burlesque". She was also known for her affair with Louisiana Governor Earl Kemp Long. The 1989 film "Blaze" is based on her memoir.  - Action film is a film genre in which the protagonist or protagonists end up in a series of challenges that typically include violence, close combat, physical feats, and frantic chases. Action films tend to feature a resourceful hero struggling against incredible odds, which include life-threatening situations, a villain, and/or a pursuit which generally concludes in victory for the hero.  - Carlito's Way is a 1993 American crime film directed by Brian De Palma, based on the novels "Carlito's Way" and "After Hours" by Judge Edwin Torres. The film adaptation was scripted by David Koepp. It stars Al Pacino, Sean Penn, Penelope Ann Miller, Luis Guzman, John Leguizamo, Jorge Porcel, Joseph Siravo and Viggo Mortensen.  - Rebel Without a Cause is a 1955 American melodrama film about emotionally confused suburban, middle-class teenagers filmed in CinemaScope. Directed by Nicholas Ray, it offered both social commentary and an alternative to previous films depicting delinquents in urban slum environments. The film stars James Dean, Sal Mineo and Natalie Wood.  - Photography is the science, art, application and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film.  - Genre (or ; from French "genre" , "kind" or "sort", from Latin "genus" (stem "gener-"), Greek , "gés")   - Peter Lindsay Weir, AM (born 21 August 1944) is an Australian film director. He was a leading figure in the Australian New Wave cinema movement (1970-1990), with films such as the mystery drama "Picnic at Hanging Rock" (1975), the supernatural thriller "The Last Wave" (1977) and the historical drama "Gallipoli" (1981). The climax of Weir's early career was the $6 million multi-national production "The Year of Living Dangerously" (1983).     What is the relationship between 'boiling point ' and 'thriller'?
A: