Miami Heat NBA Win Streak Ends at 27 After Loss to Chicago Bulls

CHICAGO—With two-tenths of a second left, LeBron James took the final inbounds pass in his own end, dropped the ball to let time expire, turned and walked toward the exit.

No record for James and the Miami Heat, either.

The Heat's bid for NBA history ended Wednesday night when their 27-game winning streak was snapped by the Chicago Bulls 101-97, setting off a raucous celebration inside United Center.

Miami Heat forward LeBron James expressing displeasure at a second-half call—a theme he picked up after the game

Miami finished six shy of the 33-game record held by the 1971-72 Los Angeles Lakers.

James said there was no shame in falling short.

"It's one of the best that this league has ever seen," James said, referring to the streak that began on Super Bowl Sunday, Feb. 3. "We recognized that and rightfully so."

James tried to spur yet another comeback in the final minutes, getting mad after a rough foul. But the reigning MVP could never get the defending champions even or, more importantly, ahead.

Luol Deng scored 28 points, Carlos Boozer added 21 points and 17 rebounds, and the Bulls brought the Heat's stampede to a screeching halt.

Miami's superstar did all he could to keep the run going, scoring 32 points and even collecting a flagrant foul during a physical final few minutes.

"We haven't had a chance to really have a moment to know what we just did," James said. "We had a moment, just very fortunate, very humbling and blessed to be part of this team and be part of a streak like that."

For the better part of two months, since they lost since to the Pacers in Indianapolis on Feb. 1, the Heat were the NBA's comeback kings. They erased seven double-digit deficits during the streak, once rallying from 27 down in Cleveland. They found themselves trailing in the fourth quarter 11 times, and won them all.

"We understand, probably more so later on in our careers, the significance of that. And then that was it," Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said. "We took that moment to acknowledge it, to acknowledge each other, that experience, but it was never about the streak. We have a bigger goal, but also right now, it's about 'Are we getting better?'"

They walked off the floor stoically after the loss, not exchanging any handshakes or pleasantries with the Bulls. James slapped high-fives with a couple of teammates and coaches, then glared at a fan who grabbed his head as he headed toward the tunnel leading to the visitors' locker room.

James was frustrated on the court at times, and showed more of the same in the locker room afterward with regard to how he's officiated.

He cited two instances from Wednesday alone—a play where Kirk Hinrich took him down with two hands in the first quarter, and one where Taj Gibson appeared to make contact around his neck with about four minutes remaining—where he thought the contact was excessive. Referees reviewed the Gibson hit, but did not award a flagrant foul. So, seconds later, James tried to barrel through Carlos Boozer on a screen, only to be called for a flagrant four himself.

"Those are not basketball plays and it's been happening all year," James said. "I've been able to keep my cool and try to tell Spo, 'Let's not worry about it too much,' but it is getting to me a little bit."

The Bulls, meanwhile, whooped and slapped hands with anyone they could reach.

It will go down as the second-longest winning streak in the history of American major pro sports. And some of those long-ago Lakers believed their streak would be surpassed this time, with Jerry West among those saying that he believed the reigning NBA champions had a real shot at pulling it off.

The streak began in Toronto, a day when Heat players were mildly annoyed about having to miss football's title game. They were scheduled to be flying home at Super Bowl time, for a game the following night.

So team officials changed course, as a surprise. After Miami beat the Raptors that afternoon, they stayed in the city several more hours to watch the Super Bowl together, an event highlighted by an impromptu Shane Battier speech about appreciating little moments as a team.

For whatever reason, the Heat were unbeatable for nearly the next two months, winning every which way—from blowing out good teams like the Los Angeles Clippers, Oklahoma City Thunder and the Bulls to inexplicably struggling to overcome lottery-bound Cleveland, Detroit, Sacramento, Charlotte and Orlando. There was the 27-point, third-quarter hole at Cleveland, a 13-point deficit with eight minutes left against Boston, and 11-point deficits against Detroit and Charlotte—all in a seven-day span, no less.

"There are several teams that can do it," Pistons guard Jose Calderon said, when asked what it would take for someone to beat Miami. "It's difficult to maintain this concentration every day. It will likely take everyone to have a bad day."

Even when those bad days happened, the Heat found ways to win.

A layup by James with 3.2 seconds left against Orlando. Double-overtime against Sacramento. Huge comebacks. Whatever it took.

"To do something like this, everyone needs to step up," said Battier, who was earlier part of a 32-game winning streak at Duke and a 22-gamer with the Houston Rockets.

There were times when even the Heat themselves didn't know how long the streak was. Because it was interrupted by the All-Star break, Spoelstra was surprised when a staff member said something about Miami having won nine in a row. When it was at 24 games, Dwyane Wade made a reference to "23, 24, whatever it is."

They insisted they did not care about it, whatever the number was.

Heat President Pat Riley, who played for the Lakers team that won 33 in a row, remained silent throughout Miami's streak—both because he rarely gives interviews these days because the official team stance was that it simply did not matter. This season is championship-or-bust for Miami.

Still, the streak will go down as the story of the regular season.

When it started, Miami was 5½ games behind San Antonio for the overall NBA lead, only a half-game ahead of New York in the Eastern Conference race, held just a four-game edge over Atlanta in the Southeast Division and were the league's ninth-best road team by of winning percentage.

Funny what two months or so without losing can do.

The Heat now sit atop the overall NBA standings, gained 12 games over New York in the East entering Wednesday, put away the Hawks for good several weeks ago and are now, by far, the league's best road team. And with the streak over, all that's left now is getting ready for the postseason.

They trailed by as much as 13 in the first half, took the lead while outscoring Chicago 22-14 in the third quarter and were within two early in the fourth after a basket by Wade.

That's when Deng answered with a 3-pointer from the wing and Kirk Hinrich brought the crowd to its feet with a floater. Then, after a layup by James, Deng nailed a 3 to make it 83-75 with just over six minutes left.

It got testy after that. James did all he could to keep the streak going, taking enough hard hits that even his headband was dislodged, and finished with seven rebounds.

Chris Bosh scored 21. Wade added 18 points after a sore right knee sidelined him for victories over Charlotte and Orlando, but the Heat fell to a team that continues to give them fits even though Derrick Rose has been sidelined all year.

Deng came up big, burying four 3-pointers. He also had seven rebounds and five assists.

Boozer was a force inside. Jimmy Butler provided a spark with 17 points and the Bulls stopped Miami even though they were missing Joakim Noah (right foot), Marco Belinelli (abdominal strain) and Richard Hamilton (lower back).

For the Heat, luck simply ran out after all those recent late rallies—though when Battier nailed a 3 with 4:30 left in the third quarter to give them a 59-58 lead, it looked like they just might pull this one out, too. They were up by two in the closing seconds of the quarter when Boozer converted a three-point play off a neat bounce pass from Taj Gibson to send Chicago into the final 12 minutes with a 69-68 lead.

Miami failed to close again, and as the game neared the finish the fans started chanting "End of streak! End of streak!"

"We were much more competitive in the second half. It became make or miss in the fourth quarter, and we couldn't get the necessary stops we needed to," Spoelstra said. "In the last handful of games, those shots were going down and maybe that masked a few things going down the stretch."

The Bulls were the biggest threat to Miami in the Eastern Conference the past two years, but without superstar Rose, they're just part of the pack. Still, the Bulls have now won two of the past three, winning in Miami in early January and falling at the United Center last month before Wednesday's win.

Write a one or two sentence summary.