Answer the following question: Information:  - North America is a continent entirely within the Northern Hemisphere and almost all within the Western Hemisphere. It can also be considered a northern subcontinent of the Americas. It is bordered to the north by the Arctic Ocean, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, to the west and south by the Pacific Ocean, and to the southeast by South America and the Caribbean Sea.  - Strømmens Værksted A/S was an industrial company based in Skedsmo, Norway, specializing in the production of rolling stock. Founded in 1873, it remains as a part of Bombardier Transportation. The plant is located just off Hovedbanen west of Strømmen Station.  - The term rolling stock originally referred to any vehicles that move on a railway. It has since expanded to include the wheeled vehicles used by businesses on roadways. It usually includes both powered and unpowered vehicles, for example locomotives, railroad cars, coaches, and wagons.  - A tram (also known as tramcar; and in North America known as streetcar, trolley or trolley car) is a rail vehicle which runs on tracks along public urban streets, and also sometimes on a segregated right of way. The lines or networks operated by tramcars are called tramways. Tramways powered by electricity, the most common type historically, were once called electric street railways (mainly in the USA). However, trams were widely used in urban areas before the universal adoption of electrification; other methods of powering trams are listed below under "History".  - Skedsmo is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. It is part of the traditional region of Romerike. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Lillestrøm. About one third of the municipal population lives in Lillestrøm. Other important towns are Skedsmokorset, Skjetten and Strømmen. A smaller settlement adjoining Lillestrøm is Kjeller.  - Strømmen Station is a railway station on the Trunk Line in Skedsmo, Norway. It is served by the Oslo Commuter Rail line 400 operated by Norwegian State Railways running from Lillestrøm via Oslo S to Asker. The station was opened in 1854 along with the rest of the Trunk Line.  - Trondheim Bilruter or TBR was a municipally owned bus company in Trondheim, Norway between 1951 and 1974. It was merged with the tram operators Trondheim Sporvei and A/S Graakalbanen in 1974 to form Trondheim Trafikkselskap. It is now part of Team Trafikk, a subsidiary of Nettbuss.  - Bombardier Transportation is the rail equipment division of the Canadian firm Bombardier Inc. Bombardier Transportation is one of the world's largest companies in the rail vehicle and equipment manufacturing and servicing industry. The division is headquartered in Berlin, Germany, and has regional offices and major development facilities in Canada (Montreal and Toronto) and the United States (Plattsburgh, New York). Bombardier Transportation has many minor production and development facilities worldwide.  - Nettbuss AS is the largest bus company in Norway, owned by the Norwegian State Railways (NSB). It was established on 10 February 2000 as the continuation of the bus operations from former NSB Biltrafikk. In addition to bus services in major parts of Norway, it also operates buses in Sweden through subsidiaries.  - Trondheim Sporvei was a municipally owned tram operator in Trondheim, Norway that existed between 1936 and 1974. The company operated the municipal parts of the Trondheim Tramway until it was merged with A/S Graakalbanen and Trondheim Bilruter to create Trondheim Trafikkselskap. That company has become part of Nettbuss, the largest Norwegian bus company in Norway which is owned by Norwegian State Railways ("Norges Statsbaner AS").  - The Trondheim Tramway in Trondheim, Norway, is the world's most northerly tramway system, following the closure and dismantling of the Arkhangelsk tramways in Russia. It consists of one 8.8-km-long line, the Gråkallen Line, running from St. Olav's Gate in the city centre through Byåsen to Lian Station in Bymarka.  - TS Class 6 was a series of 28 trams and 15 trailers built by Strømmens Værksted for Trondheim Sporvei . They were delivered in two slightly different batches ; ten in 1948 -- 49 and six in 1955 . On 10 October 1956 , almost all operative trams used by the company were lost to the flames . Subsequently , Trondheim Sporvei ordered the Class 6 from Strømmen . Five engines were salvaged from the fire , and were reused in trams 1 through 5 . The remaining deliveries were numbered 10 -- 32 . The trams delivered with new motors , had four NEBB motors with a power output of 43 kW ( 58 hp ) . The Class 6 remained in service until 1984 , when the Class 8 was delivered . Until then , the Class 7 served as the only tram on the Trondheim Tramway . Four trams and one trailer have been preserved by the Trondheim Tramway Museum .  - Trondheim Trafikkselskap or TT was the city public transport company for Trondheim, Norway between 1974 and 2001. It operated both the city buses, and the Trondheim Tramway until 1988. The company was owned by the city council.  - Electrification is the process of powering by electricity and is usually associated with changing over from another power source. The broad meaning of the term, such as in the history of technology and economic history, usually applies to a region or national economy. Broadly speaking, electrification was the build out of the electrical generating and distribution systems which occurred in Britain, the United States, and other countries from the mid-1880s until around 1950 and is in progress in rural areas in some developing countries. This included the change over from line shaft and belt drive using steam engines and water power to electric motors.  - Norges Statsbaner AS, trading as NSB AS and known in English as the Norwegian State Railways, is a government-owned railway company which operates most passenger train services in Norway. Owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications, it is also engaged in real estate through Rom Eiendom, bus transport through Nettbuss, cargo trains through CargoNet and Swedish train transport through Tågkompaniet. NSB transported 52 million train passengers and 104 million bus passengers in 2009. The current company was established on 1 December 1996, when the former Norwegian State Railways (18831996) was split into the new NSB, the infrastructure company the Norwegian National Rail Administration and the Norwegian Railway Inspectorate. In 2002 the freight operations were split to the subsidiary CargoNet, and the maintenance department became Mantena.  - Norway (; Norwegian: (Bokmål) or (Nynorsk); Sami: "Norgga"), officially the Kingdom of Norway, is a sovereign and unitary monarchy whose territory comprises the western portion of the Scandinavian Peninsula plus the island Jan Mayen and the archipelago of Svalbard. The Antarctic Peter I Island and the sub-Antarctic Bouvet Island are dependent territories and thus not considered part of the Kingdom. Norway also lays claim to a section of Antarctica known as Queen Maud Land. Until 1814, the Kingdom included the Faroe Islands (since 1035), Greenland (1261), and Iceland (1262). It also included Shetland and Orkney until 1468. It also included the following provinces, now in Sweden: Jämtland, Härjedalen and Bohuslän.  - Trondheim, historically Kaupangen, Nidaros and Trondhjem, is a city and municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway. It has a population of 187,353 (January 1, 2016), and is the third most populous municipality in Norway, although the fourth largest urban area. It is the third largest city in the country, with a population (2013) of 169,972 inhabitants within the city borders. The city functions as the administrative centre of Sør-Trøndelag county. Trondheim lies on the south shore of Trondheim Fjord at the mouth of the river Nidelva. The city is dominated by the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), the Foundation for Scientific and Industrial Research (SINTEF), St. Olavs University Hospital and other technology-oriented institutions.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'instance of' with the subject 'ts class 7'.  Choices: - administrative centre  - berlin  - bus  - bus company  - change  - city  - city council  - company  - continent  - country  - county  - division  - economy  - equipment  - estate  - fjord  - government  - history  - january  - line  - manufacturing  - monarchy  - municipality  - national economy  - ocean  - operator  - part  - plant  - process  - production  - public  - railway company  - railway station  - region  - rolling stock  - running  - science  - sea  - settlement  - state  - station  - subcontinent  - system  - team  - term  - territory  - town  - train  - tram  - tramway  - transport company  - university of science and technology  - vehicle
Answer: