Q: In this task, you are given a set of context paragraph and some supporting facts to answer a question. Your task is to generate answer for given question based on set of context paragraphs and supporting facts.
Context_1 : Maverick is a steel roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio, United States. It was the seventeenth roller coaster built at the park since Blue Streak in 1964. It is notable as being the 500th roller coaster designed by German engineer Werner Stengel and the first roller coaster featuring a Twisted Horseshoe Roll. Maverick's US$21-million price tag makes it Cedar Point's fourth most expensive roller coaster, behind Millennium Force, Top Thrill Dragster, and GateKeeper. The 4450 ft course makes it the fourth longest roller coaster at Cedar Point. Context_2 : Hades 360 is the name of a wooden roller coaster located at Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin. It was originally known as Hades before the 360 degree roll was added in 2013. It is the largest roller coaster in the park. Hades 360 is a rarity among wooden roller coasters due to its 360 degree roll, 110-degree over banked turn, steep 65-degree drop as well as its 90-degree banked turn, as drops and angles this steep are generally not included on wooden roller coasters due to structural limitations. The ride was designed by The Gravity Group. Context_3 : Leviathan is a steel roller coaster in the Medieval Faire section of the park at Canada's Wonderland in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada. It is the first roller coaster designed by Swiss firm Bolliger & Mabillard to exceed a height of 300 ft , putting it in a class of roller coasters commonly referred to as "giga". At 5486 ft long, 306 ft tall, and with a top speed of 92 mph , Leviathan is the tallest and fastest roller coaster in Canada. s of 2015 , Leviathan is ranked as the eighth-tallest, and the eighth-fastest roller coaster in the world, and the third-tallest traditional lift-style coaster in the world. It was the 16th roller coaster to be built at Canada's Wonderland, and the ride's track was completed in February 2012, with the first test run being completed on 15 March 2012. The coaster opened to season pass holders on 27 April 2012, and to the general public on 6 May 2012. Context_4 : Ravine Flyer II is a hybrid wooden roller coaster located at Waldameer Park in Erie, Pennsylvania, United States. It was ranked as the best new ride of 2008 by Amusement Today Magazine. The "Ravine Flyer II" took place of the park's old Ravine Flyer, which was removed in 1938 due to a tragedy resulting in a man's death. Initial concepts for the replacement ride were developed by Custom Coasters International in the early 1990s, further developed by Dennis McNulty several years later, then finalized and constructed by The Gravity Group with Jeff Mason overseeing construction. Context_5 : A wooden roller coaster is most often classified as a roller coaster with running rails made of flattened steel strips mounted on laminated wooden track. Occasionally, the support structure may be made out of a steel lattice or truss, but the ride remains classified as a wooden roller coaster due to the track design. Because of the limits of wood, wooden roller coasters, in general, do not have inversions (when the coaster goes upside down), steep drops, or extremely banked turns (overbanked turns). However, there are exceptions; the defunct Son of Beast at Kings Island had a 214 ft drop and originally had a 90 ft loop until the end of the 2006 season, although the loop had steel supports. Other special cases are Hades 360 at Mount Olympus Water and Theme Park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin. The coaster features a double-track tunnel, a corkscrew, and a 90-degree banked turn. There is also The Voyage at Holiday World (an example of a wooden roller coaster with a steel structure for supports) featuring three separate 90-degree banked turns. Ravine Flyer II at Waldameer Park has a 90-degree banked turn, T Express at Everland in South Korea with a 77-degree drop, and Outlaw Run at Silver Dollar City which has 3 inversions and 120-degree overbanked turn. Context_6 : White Cyclone (ホワイトサイクロン , Howaito Saikuron ) is a wooden roller coaster at Nagashima Spa Land in Mie Prefecture, Japan. At 1700 m in length, White Cyclone is the third longest wooden roller coaster in the world, and is the longest wooden roller coaster outside of the United States. Despite its length, White Cyclone is still considerably shorter than the 2479 m Steel Dragon 2000, the world's longest steel roller coaster, which is also at Nagashima Spa Land. In addition to being the third longest wooden roller coaster, White Cyclone is the seventh tallest wooden roller coaster in the world and the fourth tallest wooden roller coaster outside the United States. A single ride on the White Cyclone costs ¥1,000 (approximately $9 USD), and the ride is restricted to those individuals above 1.3 m in height; and those individuals under 54 years of age. Context_7 : Blue Streak is a wooden roller coaster built in 1937 at Conneaut Lake Park in Conneaut Lake, Pennsylvania. It is the only wooden coaster operating in the park and the biggest. Blue Streak follows an out and back design. It is the 17th oldest wooden roller coaster in the United States, and it is one of two shallow coasters designed by Ed Vettel still operating. The second is The Cyclone at Lakeside Amusement Park in Denver, Colorado. This Blue Streak at Conneaut Lake Park first opened in 1938. The layout of the Blue Streak is very simple out and back style roller coaster. The trains immediately enters a tunnel in the shape of an 'S" and enters a 77 foot high climb up the lift hill. The train plummets down the first drop reaching up to top speed of 50 Mph and into a flat section. The flat section is followed by 2 medium size hills, then a wide turnaround section. After the turnaround, there is the uphill turn. The uphill turn slams riders against their seat. The train then follows 4 smaller camel back hills, providing airtime, then entering the break run and making a 360 degree turn back into the platform/station. Context_8 : Green Lantern Coaster is a steel roller coaster at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. The ride is themed after DC Comics' Green Lantern and is located within the park's DC Comics superhero hub. The ride is an El Loco roller coaster manufactured by S&S Worldwide, characterised by a tight circuit featuring a beyond-vertical drop and an outward banked turn. It holds the record for the steepest drop of any roller coaster in the Southern Hemisphere, and the second steepest in the world. "Green Lantern Coaster" officially opened on 23 December 2011. Context_9 : Millennium Force is a steel roller coaster built by Intamin at Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio, United States. It was the fourteenth roller coaster to be built at the park since Blue Streak opened in 1964. Upon completion in 2000, Millennium Force broke six world records and was the world's first Giga Coaster, a roller coaster that exceeds 300 ft in height and completes a full circuit. It was briefly the tallest and fastest in the world until Steel Dragon 2000 opened later the same year. The ride is also the third-longest roller coaster in North America after The Beast at Kings Island and Fury 325 at Carowinds. It was the first roller coaster to use a cable lift system rather than a traditional chain lift. The coaster has a 310 ft , 45-degree lift hill with a 300 ft drop and features two tunnels, three overbanked turns, and four hills. It has a top speed of 93 mph . Context_10 : Tatsu is a steel flying roller coaster designed by Bolliger & Mabillard at the Six Flags Magic Mountain amusement park located in Valencia, California, United States. Announced on November 17, 2005, the roller coaster opened to the public on May 13, 2006 as the park's seventeenth roller coaster. Tatsu reaches a height of 170 ft and speeds up to 62 mph . The ride's name means "Flying Beast" in Japanese. The roller coaster is also the world's tallest and fastest flying coaster; is the only flying roller coaster to feature a zero-gravity roll; and has the world's highest pretzel loop. It was the world's longest flying coaster until The Flying Dinosaur surpassed it. fact_1 : Ravine Flyer II is a hybrid wooden roller coaster located at Waldameer Park in Erie, Pennsylvania, United States. fact_2 : A wooden roller coaster is most often classified as a roller coaster with running rails made of flattened steel strips mounted on laminated wooden track. fact_3 :  Ravine Flyer II at Waldameer Park has a 90-degree banked turn, T Express at Everland in South Korea with a 77-degree drop, and Outlaw Run at Silver Dollar City which has 3 inversions and 120-degree overbanked turn. Question: Where was the park that had a roller coaster with a 90-degree banked turn located?
A: