Article:

(Linda Davidson/THE WASHINGTON POST - The Harriet Tubman Historical Marker at Brodess Farm in Cambridge, Md.) 
  
 President Obama defied congressional opposition and designated five new national monuments Monday, using his executive authority to put historic sites and wild landscapes in a half-dozen states off limits to development.. 
  
 The designations affect three areas managed by the National Park Service, including one honoring abolitionist Harriet Tubman and the Underground Railroad in Maryland and a collection of sites commemorating Delaware as the nation's first state. Obama also used his power under the 1906 Antiquities Act to protect two swaths of land under the Bureau of Land Management’s control: Washington’s San Juan Islands and New Mexico’s Rio Grande del Norte. 
  
 “These sites honor the pioneering heroes, spectacular landscapes and rich history that have shaped our extraordinary country,” the president said. “By designating these national monuments today, we will ensure they will continue to inspire and be enjoyed by generations of Americans to come.” 
  
 House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Doc Hastings (R-Wash.), who has opposed the creation of new wilderness areas and national parks, questioned why the president would extend public lands protection at a time when the federal budget is under pressure. 
  
 “The Obama Administration not only sees the sequester as an opportunity to make automatic spending reductions as painful as possible on the American people," Hastings said in a statement, "it’s also a good time for the President to dictate under a century-old law that the government spend money it doesn’t have on property it doesn’t even own." 
  
 But Conservation Fund president Lawrence A. Selzer, whose group donated land to help create both the Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument and Delaware's First State National Monument, said nearly half of the nation's national parks started out as national monument designations. In the case of Delaware, the state's Mt. Cuba Center gave $20 million to the Fund so it could purchase the 1,100-acre property Woodlawn in Delaware and Pennsylvania and donate it to the National Park Service. 
  
 "This is by no means unusual," Selzer said. "The fact that the president is stepping forward and using his authority is a reflection of the support at the local level." 
  
  
  
 It remains unclear whether Obama will designate other national monuments in the future; last Congress marked the first one since 1966 which failed to designate a single new national park or wilderness areas. Even the three national moments Obama has designated on Park Service land will not become national parks without an act of Congress. 
  
 White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters Monday that "in terms of future decisions along these lines, I don't have anything to announce at this point." 
  
 He did challenge Hastings' suggestion that these new monuments would put a financial burden on taxpayers, noting that local communities often benefit from tourism once an areas has been designated. "And in terms of the immediate costs -- in terms of the management of the land, I think they're pretty minimal in the early stages," he said. 
  
 Mike Matz, who heads the Pew Charitable Trusts' Campaign for America's Wilderness, said there are several other large landscapes that enjoy significant local and bipartisan support. These include Idaho's Boulder-White Clouds proposed wilderness area and Cedar Mesa plateau in Utah. 
  
 Since the Rio Grande del Norte is the only large wild area Obama has declared a national monument so far, Matz said, "We would like to see him do more on that scale." 
  
 Republicans may try to repeal the Antiquities Act, though it is unclear whether they would succeed. Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) offered an amendment revoking the president's authority last week as part of the budget debate, but it didn't come up for a vote. ||||| Today, President Obama signed proclamations establishing five new national monuments that celebrate our nation’s rich history and natural heritage. The monuments, located in Delaware, Maryland, New Mexico, Ohio and Washington, help tell the story of significant people and extraordinary events in American history, and also help protect natural resources and supporting economic growth in local communities through tourism and outdoor recreation. 
  
 “These sites honor the pioneering heroes, spectacular landscapes and rich history that have shaped our extraordinary country,” President Obama said. “By designating these national monuments today, we will ensure they will continue to inspire and be enjoyed by generations of Americans to come.” 
  
 Check out images from each of the new monuments above, and read on below to find out more about these unique sites. 
  
 Charles Young Buffalo Soldiers National Monument in Ohio. The monument will preserve the home of Col. Charles Young (1864–1922), a distinguished officer in the United States Army who was the third African American to graduate from West Point and the first to achieve the rank of Colonel. Young also served as one of the early Army superintendents of Sequoia and General Grant National Parks, before the establishment of the National Park Service in 1916. The national headquarters of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity, of which Col. Young was a member, made the property available for acquisition by the federal government for the purpose of establishing the national monument commemorating Young’s life and accomplishments. The monument, located in Wilberforce, Ohio, will be managed by the Department of the Interior’s National Park Service. 
  
 First State National Monument in Delaware. The monument will tell the story of the early Dutch, Swedish, Finnish and English settlement of the colony of Delaware, as well as Delaware’s role as the first state to ratify the Constitution. The park is comprised of three historic areas related to Delaware’s rich history: the Dover Green, the New Castle Court House complex (including the courthouse, Green and Sheriff’s House), and the Woodlawn property in the Brandywine Valley. The monument will be managed by the Department of the Interior’s National Park Service. 
  
 Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument in Maryland. The monument commemorates the life of the most famous conductor on the Underground Railroad who was responsible for helping enslaved people escape from bondage to freedom. The new national park, located on Maryland’s Eastern Shore, includes large sections of landscapes that are significant to Tubman’s early life in Dorchester County and evocative of her life as a slave and conductor of the Underground Railroad. The park includes Stewart’s Canal, dug by hand by free and enslaved people between 1810 and the 1830s and where Tubman learned important outdoor skills when she worked in the nearby timbering operations with her father. Lands that are part of Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge, although part of the new national monument, will continue to be managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad National Monument also includes the home site of Jacob Jackson, a free black man who used coded letters to help Tubman communicate with family and others. The monument will also partner with the State of Maryland’s Harriet Tubman Underground Railroad State Park Visitor Center when it opens in 2015. The monument will be managed by the Department of the Interior’s National Park Service. 
  
 Río Grande del Norte National Monument in New Mexico. Located northwest of Taos, the Río Grande del Norte contains stretches of the Río Grande Gorge and extinct volcanoes that rise from the Taos Plateau. The area is known for its spectacular landscapes and recreational opportunities – like rafting, fishing and hiking – and serves as important habitat for many birds and wildlife. The monument is also home to a dense collection of petroglyphs and extraordinary archaeological and cultural resources dating from the Archaic Period to the more recent passage of Hispanic settlers. The monument will be managed by the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Land Management, which currently manages the more than 240,000 acres of the monument. 
  
 San Juan Islands National Monument in Washington. Home to bald eagles, orca whales, harbor seals and other rare species, the San Juan Islands is a chain of 450 islands, rocks and pinnacles. Located in Washington State’s Puget Sound, the archipelago provides an opportunity for visitors, campers, kayakers and birdwatchers to experience the natural beauty of the undeveloped, rugged landscape. A number of historic lighthouses are located on the islands, as well as cultural resources and fossils dating back 12,000 years. The monument will be managed by the Department of the Interior’s Bureau of Land Management. |||||
What is a summary?