Article: This should be marked on the packet of envelopes, or on the envelope itself. Size 14 envelopes measure 5" x 11.5" and are considered the standard size. They will be rectangular in shape and will often be sold in packages at your local post office.  You can also mail a letter in an envelope that is smaller than a size 14, such as a size 10 envelope (4.125" x 9.5"), with a regular stamp. If possible, fold your letter so it fits in a standard rectangular envelope, as this may cut down on the price of postage. Envelopes larger than size 14 are considered large envelopes, or flats, and will be more expensive to mail. Card sized envelopes, made for small greeting cards or wedding invitations, will also likely have additional postage fees. This is because pieces of mail that have an odd shape or are square shaped and made of rigid card can jam mail processing machines and need to be processed separately. You can do this at the post office or on a small office scale. The weight and size of your letter (plus the envelope) will affect the price of postage, or how much you will pay for a stamp. Often, the heavier the letter is, the higher the price of postage will be.  Letters in a standard envelope that weigh less than 13 ounces can be sent via First Class Mail at one flat rate. Letters in a standard envelope that weigh more than 13 ounces will be upgraded to Priority Class Mail, and the price for postage will be more than the flat rate. There are three basic levels of mail, according to the US Post Office.  First Class Mail is often what is used to send letter-size pieces that are rigid and square. To send a letter First-Class, it must weigh no more than 13 ounces. The price for sending First Class Mail is the same, regardless of the distance the letter is traveling. The arrival time for First Class Mail is two to three days for destinations within the U.S. Sending mail First Class is ideal for a single letter as all you need is a standard stamp and access to a post box.  Priority Mail is ideal if you want your letter to get to the addressee by the following business day. To send a letter by Priority Mail, it must weigh no more than 70 pounds. At the post office, you can add on extra services to your Priority Mail item, such as USPS Tracking and Registered Mail, especially if your letter contains legal or sensitive information that must reach its destination. The price of Priority Mail postage is based on the distance the mail must travel; the further the distance, the more you will pay for postage. This is broken down by nine “zones”. For example, “Zone 1” is local, or the area close to you, and “Zone 9” is the furthest distance away from your location. Standard Mail is used for larger quantities of mail, at least 200 pieces or 50 pounds of mail at one time. Envelopes must weight less than 16 ounces. Large envelopes, also called flats, cost more than letters. People use Standard Mail to send flyers, advertising documents, newsletters, catalogs, and bulletins. You can only send domestic mail by Standard Mail and you cannot send one single envelope through Standard Mail.
What is a summary of what this article is about?