Problem:Wallace "Wally" Amos Jr. (born July 1, 1936) is an American TV personality, entrepreneur and author from Tallahassee, Florida. He is the founder of the "Famous Amos" chocolate-chip cookie brand. He also was the host of the adult reading program, Learn to Read. He resides in Kailua, Hawaii where he runs The Cookie Kahuna gourmet cookie brand.

Based on this passage, who is the founder of famous amos cookies?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: He is the founder of the "Famous Amos" chocolate-chip cookie brand.
Wallace `` Wally '' Amos Jr..

Student A:Parkersburg is a city in and the county seat of Wood County, West Virginia, United States. Located at the confluence of the Ohio and Little Kanawha rivers, it is the state's third-largest city and the largest city in the Parkersburg-Marietta-Vienna metropolitan area. The population was 31,492 at the 2010 census. Its peak population was 44,797 in 1960. The city is about 14 miles south of Marietta, Ohio.

What is the population of parkersburg west virginia?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The population was 31,492 at the 2010 census.
31,492.

Problem:Roy Hinkley, referred to as the Professor, is one of the seven castaways from the television series Gilligan's Island (1964 -- 67); he was played by Russell Johnson. The character was originally played by John Gabriel in the pilot episode, but the network thought he looked too young to have all the degrees attributed to the Professor.

Based on this passage, what was the professor's name in gilligan's island?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Roy Hinkley, referred to as the Professor, is one of the seven castaways from the television series Gilligan's Island (1964 -- 67); he was played by Russell Johnson.
Roy Hinkley.

Student A:Passage: Yogi Adityanath of the Bharatiya Janata Party has served as the incumbent chief minister since 19 March 2017.

Question: Based on this passage, who is chief minister of utter pradesh 2018?
Student B:OK... This is the relevant information: Yogi Adityanath of the Bharatiya Janata Party has served as the incumbent chief minister since 19 March 2017.
Yogi Adityanath of the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Problem:Context: James Anderson (July 13, 1921 -- September 14, 1969), sometimes billed as Kyle James, was an American television and film actor of the 1950s and 1960s. He is probably best known for his role as Robert E. Lee "Bob" Ewell in To Kill a Mockingbird (1962).

Question: who played bob ewell in to kill a mockingbird?
Solution:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: He is probably best known for his role as Robert E. Lee "Bob" Ewell in To Kill a Mockingbird (1962).
James Anderson.

Problem:System of a Down, sometimes shortened to System and abbreviated as SOAD, is an Armenian-American heavy metal band from Glendale, California, formed in 1994. The band currently consists of Serj Tankian (lead vocals, keyboards), Daron Malakian (vocals, guitar), Shavo Odadjian (bass, backing vocals) and John Dolmayan (drums).

Based on this passage, where did system of a down come from?
Solution: