Information:  - Ben Macintyre ( born 1963 ) is a British author , historian , reviewer and columnist writing for The Times newspaper . His columns range from current affairs to historical controversies . He was educated at Abingdon School .  - Oxfordshire (or ; abbreviated Oxon) is a county in South East England bordering on Warwickshire (to the north/north-west), Northamptonshire (to the north/north-east), Buckinghamshire (to the east), Berkshire (to the south), Wiltshire (to the south-west) and Gloucestershire (to the west).  - News Corp UK & Ireland Limited (trading as News UK, formerly News International and NI Group), is a British-based American-owned newspaper publisher, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the American mass media conglomerate News Corp. It is the current publisher of "The Times", "The Sunday Times" and "The Sun" newspapers and its former publications include the "Today", "News of the World" and "The London Paper" newspapers. Until June 2002, it was called News International plc. On 31 May 2011 the company name was changed from News International Limited to NI Group Limited, and on 26 June 2013 to News UK.  - The Sunday Times is the largest-selling British national newspaper in the "quality press" market category. It is published by Times Newspapers Ltd, a subsidiary of News UK, which is in turn owned by News Corp. Times Newspapers also publishes "The Times". The two papers were founded independently and have been under common ownership only since 1966. They were bought by News International in 1981.  - Abingdon School is a day and boarding independent school for boys in Abingdon, Oxfordshire, England. The twentieth oldest independent British school, it celebrated its 750th anniversary in 2006. Abingdon is ranked as one of the best boys' boarding schools in the UK, and considered on par with Eton, Harrow, Tonbridge, Dulwich, and Winchester.  - An independent school is a school that is independent in its finances and governance; it is usually not dependent upon national or local government to finance its operations, nor reliant on taxpayer contributions, and is instead funded by a combination of tuition charges, donations, and in some cases the investment yield of an endowment. It is typically governed by a board of governors that is elected independently of government, and has a system of governance that ensures its independent operation.  - The Times is a British daily (Monday to Saturday) national newspaper based in London, England. It began in 1785 under the title , adopting its current name on 1 January 1788. "The Times" and its sister paper "The Sunday Times" (founded in 1821) are published by Times Newspapers, since 1981 a subsidiary of News UK, itself wholly owned by News Corp. "The Times" and "The Sunday Times" do not share editorial staff, were founded independently and have only had common ownership since 1967.    'ben macintyre' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'place of birth'?  Choices: - abingdon  - berkshire  - england  - gloucestershire  - ireland  - london  - media  - of  - oxfordshire  - warwickshire  - wiltshire  - winchester
The answer to this question is: