News article: 2016 presidential campaign start to accelerate

Bush would then have to take down whoever emerges from Iowa and other early states as the top movement conservative, a group that will include Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz along with former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and possibly others. There could be three or more Republicans still standing after Iowa, New Hampshire and South Carolina given fissures between social conservatives and more libertarian-leaning Republicans like Paul.

Bush will look to slam the door on all of them in early March when a pile of states, including the governor's native Florida, vote on Super Tuesday.

Read MoreWhat to expect from Washington, or NOT, in 2015

To get there, Bush will have to sell early voters on his policies on immigration and education, which could prove challenging. But he will have more than enough money—Bush is in Greenwich, Connecticut, this week raising cash for his newly launched super PAC—to saturate the early state airwaves and then keep rolling when the race goes national.

Bush will also bank on the strong desire at the top of the GOP to avoid a long, bruising primary process that would badly damage the party's standard bearer while Clinton is presumably waltzing to the Democratic nomination.

And there is no longer much doubt that Bush is getting in the race. He spent the holiday break winding down all his corporate and nonprofit ties. He is also preparing to exit the multiple investment funds he set up over the last several years. He is preparing to release an e-book that will presumably contain the general themes of his campaign. Bush could still have a major change of heart and decide not to get in, but that seems increasingly unlikely.

Read MoreLook for Dems to battle for party's future in 2015

Should he make it through the primaries, Bush would likely face off again Hillary Clinton. Clinton won't necessarily have the coronation many expect, given that Iowa activists are already actively pining for a challenger. But outside of Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, there is no obvious candidate on the left who could mount a credible challenge to Clinton. Warren still says she is not running and she probably won't. But if she does, she could compete with and even beat Clinton in Iowa. But chances are she could not roll up further victories. She could, however, force Clinton left on economic policy in ways that could make the general election tougher for the former secretary of state and New York senator.

While it is true that Clinton was also viewed as inevitable in 2008, it is also true that there is no Barack Obama waiting in the political wings to take her down.

So barring a major surprise, the 2016 race will pit Clinton against whoever emerges from a crowded GOP field. At the beginning of 2015, that looks like it could be John Ellis "Jeb" Bush. But the road from here to the GOP convention balloon drop in the summer of 2016 is a long and perilous one that promises many surprises that could make early prognostications (such as this one) look foolish in retrospect.
What are the most important parts of this news article?