Forget planking, get over owling, this is the hot new posing craze sweeping the internet - putting your breasts on things. Mamming as it's known is aimed at both women and men and involves resting your bust on random objects. It's the brainchild of Michelle Jaret and Michelle Lamont who wanted to inspire women to take action and get a mammogram early if they suspect a problem. Scroll down for video. Breast internet craze yet? Mamming is aimed at both women and men and involves resting your bust on random objects. Popular: The idea began in New York thanks to Michelle Lamont and Michelle Jaret but is now sweeping the internet. Objective: The creators hope the craze will become as big as planking or owling. Aged just 25, Michelle Lamont is a breast cancer survivor and she knows early detection is vital to fight the killer disease. Now ad agency executive Michelle, from New York, has seen her idea go global as more and more people take to the internet to post their 'mamming' poses. She said: ‘Overall the response has been very positive, although there have been some people wondering how a campaign like this is going to “cure” breast cancer. Clean act: The idea is to keep things 'PG' and not bare too much flesh. Chest file it: The photographs are all sent to thisismamming.com which urges people to 'embrace the awkwardness' The creators wanted to break through the clutter of Breast Awareness Month. ‘When I was sick, I asked my doctors about a cure - one actually told me that the best cure we have is prevention. ‘Prevention is screening like mammograms and self-exams and they are the best tool we have to catch cancer early, and catching it early is how we beat it. ‘We would love to see mamming become as big on the web as planking and owling. Part of the reason that we love mamming as a vehicle for spreading awareness is because it taps into an existing trend that is really fun and relevant to everyone. The creators of mamming say that it taps into an existing trend - and is great fun. The creator of the mamming initiative (not pictured) was a breast cancer survivor and she knows early detection is vital to fight the killer disease. Bra-vo: This mamming participant has decided to post a rather fruity picture. Mam's the word: The photographs are a way of women showing solidarity with those having to have mammograms. ‘Our goal was to create something fun that would break through the clutter of breast cancer awareness month. We've seen breast cancer awareness campaigns that use humour and sexuality, and ones that don't mention mammograms or breasts at all. ‘We wanted to do something that focused on the woman as being responsible for her breasts and her health. Overall, we hope that mamming reminds women to get screened, and maybe makes them feel a little less awkward about putting their boobs in the mammogram machine. ‘We hope people will keep it PG, but the only real rule is to make your mam awesome. We love seeing people get really creative.’ To post your own mamming pose visit: www.thisismamming.com. Make a boob of yourself: Any flat surface can be used to perform 'mamming'
Here is a summary of the highlights for this article: