During the apartheid era in South Africa, the black areas were typically large townships located on the periphery of major cities and towns. These areas were purposefully created by the South African government as part of their policy of racial segregation, which aimed at segregating the black majority population from the white minority. These townships were often situated in locations that were geographically isolated, had poor infrastructure, and limited access to facilities and resources. Some of the most notable black townships during the apartheid era include Soweto, Khayelitsha, Gugulethu, and Alexandra.

Soweto, an abbreviation for South Western Township, is a large township located to the southwest of Johannesburg. Established in the early 20th century, Soweto steadily expanded in the following decades as the apartheid government forcibly relocated black South Africans to this area. Today, it is the largest township in South Africa and has an important historical significance. It was the site of the 1976 Soweto Uprising when thousands of black students protested against the introduction of Afrikaans as the language of instruction in black schools.

Khayelitsha, meaning "new home" in Xhosa, is another significant black township dating back to the apartheid era. It is located on the Cape Flats, a sprawling, sandy plain just outside of Cape Town. Khayelitsha was founded in the 1980s as a result of the apartheid government's efforts to forcibly move black South Africans living in informal settlements in the Cape Town metropolitan region to designated townships. Today, it is one of the fastest-growing townships in South Africa and remains a largely disadvantaged area with high levels of poverty and unemployment.

Gugulethu, meaning "our pride" in Xhosa, was yet another apartheid-era black township, also situated on the Cape Flats, outside of Cape Town. Established in the 1960s, Gugulethu was one of the first racially segregated townships created to accommodate black South Africans who had been forcibly relocated from Cape Town's city center and its surrounding areas. Over the years, Gugulethu faced numerous challenges such as overcrowding, lack of infrastructure, and high crime rates.

Alexandra, commonly known as "Alex," is another notable township established during the apartheid era for black residents. Located in Johannesburg, Alexandra was originally established in the early 20th century as a freehold suburb for black South Africans. However, as the apartheid government sought to enforce their segregation policies, Alexandra was incorporated into the broader system of townships for black South Africans. Much like other black townships during apartheid, Alexandra experienced overcrowding, limited social and economic opportunities, as well as substandard living conditions.

In summary, black areas during apartheid were mainly large townships located on the outskirts of major cities in South Africa. These areas were deliberately designed and developed to segregate the majority black population from the white minority and were characterized by poor living conditions and limited access to resources and opportunities.