Title: Mitt Romney Fights Back Over Bain Capital Attacks, Demands Apology from President Obama

Mitt Romney, former Governor of Massachusetts and Republican Party nominee, went on a media blitz today to defend his record at Bain Capital and to demand an apology from President Obama over what he described as "disgusting" allegations made by his advisers. Throughout a series of TV interviews, Romney sought to clarify his role at the private equity firm, insisting that he in fact retired from an active management role at Bain in February of 1999 and that his continued association with the firm was purely in the capacity of a shareholder.

The issue of Romney's tenure at Bain Capital has become a focal point of the 2012 presidential campaign, with opponents of the Republican candidate using his association with the private equity firm to paint him as an out-of-touch millionaire who profited off the misery of others. The Obama campaign has specifically targeted Romney's record at Bain to highlight instances of layoffs and offshoring that occurred during his tenure, while also questioning the veracity of his claims that he left the firm in 1999.

Speaking to CNN, Romney defended his association with Bain Capital, stating, "There's nothing wrong with being associated with Bain Capital, of course." He reiterated that his departure from the firm took place in February 1999, despite documents listing him as holding key positions at Bain even after that date. To address these discrepancies, Romney told CBS, "I still retained an ownership interest. I had the capacity if I were not on leave, if I were actually wanting to run the business to do so, but I did not." He further elucidated the distinction between playing an active management role and being a shareholder: “There is a difference between being a shareholder, an owner if you will, than a person who is running an entity.”

Romney also went on the offensive against the Obama campaign's tactics during his media appearances. In response to an Obama adviser's suggestion that he could be guilty of a felony, Romney told ABC News, "This is simply beneath the dignity of the presidency of the United States." He implored President Obama to "rein in his team" and "finally take responsibility for what they're saying," during an interview with Fox News. “What kind of a president would have a campaign that says something like that about the nominee of another party?” he remarked. When asked if he believes Obama owes him an apology, Romney responded, "Absolutely—my goodness!"

Politico and the AP provided comprehensive roundups of Romney's flurry of TV appearances, bringing the debate over his role at Bain Capital back into the spotlight. While this renewed focus on his tenure at the firm may prove troublesome for Romney's campaign, his decision to confront the issue head-on and demand an apology from his opponent demonstrates a willingness to take the fight to the president and defend his record as a businessman. As the presidential election approaches, it remains to be seen how these renewed discussions about Romney’s role at Bain Capital will impact his chances of winning the presidency.