Definition: In this task, you're expected to write answers to questions involving multiple references to the same entity. The answer to the question should be unambiguous and a phrase in the paragraph. Most questions can have only one correct answer.
Input: Passage: There are over 20 miles (32 km) of hiking trails at Worlds End State Park. Most of the trails are rocky and steep, so hikers are encouraged to wear proper footgear and to be prepared for icy conditions during the cold winter months. As John Young writes in Hike Pennsylvania, "If you want to do some hiking in the Worlds End region, you should know that hiking here means climbing". Worlds End State Park is open during the winter months for snow mobiling and cross-country skiing. Most of the trails are too steep or rugged for either activity, but the park roads are open, as are trails on surrounding state forest lands.
Loyalsock Trail, often abbreviated LT, is a rugged 59.28-mile (95.40 km) hiking trail that stretches from near Loyalsockville, in Lycoming County on Pennsylvania Route 87 to north of Laporte in Sullivan County, just off U.S. Route 220. This trail follows the ridges and streams of the Loyalsock Creek watershed. The trail is primarily within the boundaries of Loyalsock State Forest and uses some old logging roads and abandoned railroad grades. The Loyalsock Trail was originally blazed in a yellow rectangle with a red stripe, and red can lids with a yellow "LT". Recently, the trail markers have been changed to a yellow disc with a red "LT".
Link Trail is a moderate 8.5-mile (13.7 km) trail marked with a red X on a yellow circle blaze. The trail starts at the Cabin Bridge in the park and follows Loyalsock Creek before it branches off and follows Double Run. The trail then ascends to Canyon Vista and heads out into Loyalsock State Forest where it links up with the Loyalsock Trail at the 55.33-mile (89.05 km) post. The Loyalsock Trail can be followed back for a 17.62 miles (28.36 km) long loop.
Canyon Vista Trail is a 3.5-mile (5.6 km) loop trail with blue blazes that passes through the eastern portion of the park and a stand of ash, sugar maple, and black cherry trees. This trail passes a maze-like jumble of blocky Pottsville Formation rocks known as the Rock Garden, adjacent to Canyon Vista. The vista is at an elevation of 1,750 feet (530 m) and "rewards the hiker with a spectacular view of the Loyalsock Creek gorge".
Worlds End Trail is a 3.25-mile (5.23 km) trail with yellow blazes that begins at the park office and ascends to an overlook of the swimming area. It then crosses the old Pioneer Road, which was used by some of the first settlers to the area, and enters the Loyalsock State Forest, ending at the 37.77-mile (60.78 km) post of the Loyalsock Trail, which can be followed back to the park office to make a loop 11.5 miles (18.5 km) long.
Butternut Trail is a 2.5-mile (4.0 km) trail marked with orange blazes that loops through a hardwood forest and crosses over Butternut Run. Two side trails connect Butternut Trail with the Loyalsock Trail. 
Question: What is the name of the trail that ends at the 37.77-mile mark of the Loyalsock trail?
Output: