Information:  - Los Angeles (Spanish for "The Angels"), officially the City of Los Angeles and often known by its initials L.A., is the second-most populous city in the United States (after New York City), the most populous city in California and the county seat of Los Angeles County. Situated in Southern California, Los Angeles is known for its mediterranean climate, ethnic diversity, sprawling metropolis, and as a major center of the American entertainment industry. Los Angeles lies in a large coastal basin surrounded on three sides by mountains reaching up to and over .  - The Church of the Foursquare Gospel in the Philippines , Inc. ( abbreviated as CFGPI ) is a Christian Pentecostal Group in the Philippines . The CFGPI is the national church body of International Church of the Foursquare Gospel originated in Los Angeles California . It is one of the largest Pentecostal groups in the Philippines .  - A Christian (or ) is a person who follows or adheres to Christianity, an Abrahamic, monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ. "Christian" derives from the Koine Greek word "Christós" (), a translation of the Biblical Hebrew term "mashiach".  - The International Church of the Foursquare Gospel (ICFG), commonly referred to as the Foursquare Church, is a evangelical Pentecostal Christian denomination founded in 1923 by preacher Aimee Semple McPherson. As of 2000, it had a worldwide membership of over 8,000,000, with almost 60,000 churches in 144 countries. The headquarters is in Los Angeles, California, United States.  - California is the most populous state in the United States and the third most extensive by area. Located on the western (Pacific Ocean) coast of the U.S., California is bordered by the other U.S. states of Oregon, Nevada, and Arizona and shares an international border with the Mexican state of Baja California. The state capital is Sacramento. Los Angeles is California's most populous city, and the country's second largest after New York City. The state also has the nation's most populous county, Los Angeles County, and its largest county by area, San Bernardino County.  - Aimee Semple McPherson ("Aimée", in the original French; October 9, 1890  September 27, 1944), also known as Sister Aimee or simply Sister, was a Canadian-American Pentecostal evangelist and media celebrity in the 1920s and 1930s, famous for founding the Foursquare Church. McPherson has been noted as a pioneer in the use of modern media, as she used radio to draw on the growing appeal of popular entertainment in North America and incorporated other forms into her weekly sermons at Angelus Temple, one of the first megachurches.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'instance of' with the subject 'church of the foursquare gospel in the philippines'.  Choices: - area  - christian  - christian denomination  - christianity  - church  - city  - climate  - county  - county seat  - headquarters  - industry  - los angeles  - metropolis  - ocean  - october  - person  - radio  - religion  - state  - the city  - three  - word
The answer to this question is: