q... Passage: On 8 August 1942, the All India Congress Committee passed the Quit India resolution at the Bombay session. The government responded by arresting the major leaders and all members of the Congress Working Committee and thus tried to pre-empt the movement from success. Young Aruna Asaf Ali presided over the remainder of the session on 9 August and hoisted the Congress flag at the Gowalia Tank Maidan. This marked the commencement of the movement. The police fired upon the assembly at the session. Aruna was dubbed the Heroine of the 1942 movement for her bravery in the face of danger and was called Grand Old Lady of the Independence movement in her later years. Despite the absence of direct leadership, spontaneous protests and demonstrations were held all over the country, as an expression of the desire of India's youth to achieve independence.

Question: Based on this passage, who is the heroine of quit india movement?
a... The important part for answering this question is: Aruna was dubbed the Heroine of the 1942 movement for her bravery in the face of danger and was called Grand Old Lady of the Independence movement in her later years.
The answer is Aruna


q... Phillip proposed to Maggie, and they married. Several past characters attended the wedding ceremony including Dudley, Aunt Sophia, Adelaide and Mrs. Garrett.

Based on this passage, who did mr drummond marry on diff'rent strokes?
a... The relevant information to answer the above question is: Phillip proposed to Maggie, and they married.
The answer is Maggie


q... The pectoralis minor (/ ˌpɛktəˈreɪlɪs ˈmaɪnər /) is a thin, triangular muscle, situated at the upper part of the chest, beneath the pectoralis major in the human body.

The pectoralis minor is located deep to which muscle?
a... To answer the question, consider the following: The pectoralis minor (/ ˌpɛktəˈreɪlɪs ˈmaɪnər /) is a thin, triangular muscle, situated at the upper part of the chest, beneath the pectoralis major in the human body.
The answer is beneath the pectoralis major


q... Lewis Hamilton holds the record for the most pole positions, having qualified first on 73 occasions. Michael Schumacher is second with 68 pole positions. Ayrton Senna is third with 65 poles. Senna holds the record for the most consecutive poles; he qualified in first place eight Grands Prix in a row from the 1988 Spanish Grand Prix to the 1989 United States Grand Prix. Sebastian Vettel is the youngest polesitter, he was 21 years, 72 days old when he qualified in first place for the 2008 Italian Grand Prix. The oldest person to qualify in pole position was Nino Farina, who was 47 years, 79 days old when he was polesitter for the 1954 Argentine Grand Prix. As of the 2017 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, 98 drivers have been on pole position in the 976 Grands Prix since the first World Championship race, the 1950 British Grand Prix. From 2014 onwards the driver who achieves the most pole positions in a season is awarded the Pole Trophy. The inaugural Pole Trophy was won by Nico Rosberg; the 2015, 2016 and 2017 Trophies were won by Lewis Hamilton.

Based on this passage, who has the most pole positions in formula 1?
a...