Summarize this article:

Gov. Rodrigo Medina said all the suspects confessed to participating in the casino attack, as planners, perpetrators, lookouts or drivers. 
  
 In the immediate aftermath of the firebombing last week, President Felipe Calderon branded the attackers “true terrorists” and suggested that the country was entering a new stage in the drug war. 
  
 Calderon also blamed the United States — its drug users, its gun dealers and its government — for the tragedy, saying that the billions in illegal profits from drug sales fund the criminals in Mexico. 
  
 Also Monday, authorities released video footage from a security camera that showed some of the alleged assailants filling three cans at a gas station a few minutes before the attack. 
  
 Other video footage is more difficult to explain. One tape shows a group of Monterrey municipal police cars parked 200 yards from the casino as it is being torched. The police appear not to have responded. Images taken by residents using cellphones also show local police in the area before and during the attack. 
  
 As for the motive, Medina said the Zetas were extorting money from the casino. In Mexico, thousands of businesses must pay “tolls” and “rents” to criminals — or face the consequences. 
  
 Critics say the government is partly responsible for the tragedy, as the casino business has boomed under Calderon and many establishments operate without regulation or supervision. The operations are mostly cash businesses, ideal for money laundering. The Reforma newspaper reported Monday that 100 of the 800 casinos in operation are probably illegal. 
  
 Investigators are also interested in whether the Casino Royale had operating emergency exits and water sprinklers. 
  
 Video footage released earlier showed four vehicles with about a dozen men pulling up to the front of the casino Thursday afternoon; as some stand guard by their trucks and cars out front, others draw weapons and rush into the casino with the gasoline. 
  
 Less than three minutes later, black smoke and red flames are seen pouring out of the entertainment complex. 
  
 Monterrey residents marched on government offices Sunday and demanded Medina’s resignation. More than 1,500 federal police officers were sent to the city in a show of force. ||||| Dow Jones Reprints: This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers, use the Order Reprints tool at the bottom of any article or visit www.djreprints.com 
  
 MONTERREY, Mexico—Mexican officials said Monday they had arrested five members of an organized crime group for the killings of 52 people in a Monterrey casino last week. 
  
 But as authorities cobbled together a case against the suspects, Mexicans wondered if the country's own culture of corruption also played a role in the mass killing. 
  
 Nuevo León State Governor Rodrigo Medina presented photographs of five alleged members of the Zetas gang, between the ages of 18 and 37, who he said were in custody and had confessed to the crime. One of the five, Julio Berrones Ramírez, had been caught once ... |||||