Given a passage and a query based on the passage, generate an unambiguous, concise and simple answer to the query from information in the passage. Note that the answer may not be present in exact form.

At least, that’s the conclusion I draw from looking at the history of corrections of the S&P 500 Index based on daily data going back to December 30, 1949. Now that major indexes have officially entered correction territory, investors are wondering how long corrections tend to last. Let’s start with the worst-case scenario of a bear market. If a bear market is a move of 20% or more from peak-to-trough and a correction is a move of 10% to just under 20%, then the average bear market is a drop of 31.6% (median of 30.3%). I don’t think this is the start of a bear, though. As long as the future trend remains optimistic, the buying will resume. That leads to an even stronger bull market rally. In other words, a stock market correction can help the stock market catch its breath and hit even higher peaks. Most recessions occur with stock market declines of 30 percent or more. All stock market corrections are different, but some follow patterns. The current pattern looks more like 2011 than 1998, with some significant economic differences. All stock market corrections are different, but some follow patterns. How long do corrections last? Corrections generally last two months or less. They usually end when the price of a stock or a bond 'bottoms out'—for example, some will point to a stock reaching a 52-week low—and investors start buying again. How is a correction different from a bear market or capitulation? The stock market typically has a correction several times a year. For example, between 1983 and 2011, more than half of all quarters had a correction. That averages out to 2.27 per year. A stock market crash is when the 10 percent price drop occurs in just one day. Crashes can lead to a bear market. That's when the market falls another 10 percent, for a total decline of 20 percent or more. A stock market crash can cause a recession. The stock market usually makes up the losses in three months or so. If you sell during the correction, you will probably not buy in time to make up your losses. Corrections are inevitable. Is a correction good for the market? Many investors and analysts look at corrections as a necessary 'evil' to cool off an overheated stock or bond market. This is to prevent a huge sell-off or 'bubble burst,' as what happened with Internet stocks in 2000-2001. Definition: A stock market correction is when the market falls 10 percent from its 52-week high. Wise investors welcome it. A pullback allows the market to consolidate before going toward higher highs. Each of the bull markets in the last 40 years has had a correction. It's a natural part of the market cycle. Corrections can occur in any asset class. A correction is a decline or downward movement of a stock, or a bond, or a commodity or market index. The amount of the decline is at least 10 percent and a true correction exceeds that amount. In short, corrections are price declines that stop an upward trend. Query: how long do stock market corrections last