Here is an article:

Atlanta Skyline (Photo credit: k1ng)

In the world of real estate large sums of money are regularly made and lost according to the sage dictum, “location, location, location.” Apparently the same is true with regard to car ownership, as a recent study found as much as a $10,000 difference in operating expenses over a five-year period depending solely on a motorist’s address.

Residents of Oregon enjoy the cheapest auto ownership costs – including gasoline, insurance, repairs, taxes and fees – at an average annual $2,204, according to the personal finance website Bankrate.com in New York, NY. Those living in Georgia face the highest annual car costs at an average $4,322. By comparison, the national average stands at $3,201 per year.

Why the spread? For starters, Oregonians aren’t assessed a state sales tax to purchase a car, and they’re subject to relatively low insurance rates. What’s more they tend to log 16 percent fewer miles each year behind the wheel than the average U.S. commuter. On the other hand, those living in Atlanta not only suffer the highest state automobile taxes and fees in the nation, they tend to drive far more than the national average, due in large part to Atlanta’s sprawling communities and a dearth of public transportation.

The study determined that a driver’s insurance premiums, which are based in part on an insured person’s zipcode (as well as his or her age, sex, driving record, and so on) range from an annual average high of $1,119 among those living in New Jersey to a low of $517 for motorists in North Dakota. The average yearly premium among all states is $762.

Annual gasoline costs run from a surprisingly low average of $743 in New York (extensive use of public transportation obviously helps in that regard) to a whopping $1,643 in the Big Sky Country of Wyoming, where an automobile (or perhaps a horse) is the only way to get around. The average U.S. driver pays $1,028 to keep the tank filled.

Taxes and fees assessed to motorists can likewise boost a car’s long-term ownership costs substantially and vary wildly from state to state. For example, Oregonians pay an average $157 to their state’s coffers each year for the privilege of owning a car, while Georgians suffer from the highest taxes and registration costs in the nation at $1,952. The national average here is $1,058.

Here are the 10 states having the highest typical yearly automobile ownership costs according to Bankrate.com:

And for those thinking of riding the rising tide in the real estate market and moving off to an area having a lower cost of living, here are the 10 states that were found to be the cheapest with regard to vehicle ownership:

The Fine Print: The above estimates were based on median insurance premiums for 2006 to 2010 provided by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners; average 2012 repair costs compiled by CarMD.com; and state taxes and fees as noted by Kelley Blue Book. Gasoline spending was estimated after analyzing government statistics and 2012 prices from GasBuddy.com using average pump prices.

Follow us on Forbes.com, Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest.

Write a title for it.