Information:  - Octar or Ouptaros was a Hunnic ruler. He ruled along brother Rugila according to Jordanes in "Getica", ""...Mundzucus, whose brothers were Octar and Ruas, who were supposed to have been kings before Attila, although not altogether of the same [territories] as he"". Their brother Mundzuk was father of Attila, but he was not a supreme ruler of the Huns. According to Priscus their fourth brother Oebarsius was still alive in 448 AD. Their ancestors and relation with previous rulers Uldin and Charaton are unknown.  - Mundzuk was a Hunnic chieftain , brother of the Hunnic rulers Octar and Rugila , and father of Bleda and Atilla . Jordanes in Getica recounts `` For this Attila was the son of Mundzucus , whose brothers were Octar and Ruas , who were supposed to have been kings before Attila , although not altogether of the same ( territories ) as he '' .  - De origine actibusque Getarum (""The Origin and Deeds of the Getae/Goths""), or the Getica, written in Late Latin by Jordanes (or "Iordanes/Jornandes") in or shortly after 551 AD, claims to be a summary of a voluminous account by Cassiodorus of the origin and history of the Gothic people, which is now lost. However, the extent to which Jordanes actually used the work of Cassiodorus is unknown. It is significant as the only remaining contemporaneous resource that gives the full story of the origin and history of the Goths. Another aspect of this work is its information about the early history and the customs of Slavs.  - Attila (or ; fl. circa 406453), frequently referred to as Attila the Hun, was the ruler of the Huns from 434 until his death in March 453. Attila was a leader of the Hunnic Empire, a tribal confederation consisting of Huns, Ostrogoths, and Alans among others, on the territory of Central and Eastern Europe.  - The Huns were a nomadic people who lived in Eastern Europe, the Caucasus, and Central Asia between the 1st century AD and the 7th century AD. As per European tradition, they were first reported living east of the Volga River, in an area that was part of Scythia at the time; the Huns' arrival is associated with the migration westward of a Scythian people, the Alans. In 91 AD, the Huns were said to be living near the Caspian Sea and by about 150 had migrated southeast into the Caucasus. By 370, the Huns had established a vast, if short-lived, dominion in Europe.  - Flavius Magnus Aurelius Cassiodorus Senator (c. 485  c. 585), commonly known as Cassiodorus, was a Roman statesman and writer serving in the administration of Theoderic the Great, king of the Ostrogoths. "Senator" was part of his surname, not his rank.  - Uldin, also spelled Huldin (died before 412), was one of the primary Hunnic rulers mentioned by name.  - Rugila or Ruga (also Ruas; died second half of the 430s AD), was a ruler who was a major factor in the Huns early victories over the Roman Empire. He served as an important forerunner with brother Octar, with whom initially ruled in dual kingship, possibly a geographical division where Rugila ruled over Eastern Huns while Octar over Western Huns, during the 5th century AD.    What is the relationship between 'mundzuk' and '434'?