What is a one-sentence summary of the following article?
This section will give you a few ideas. You don't have to do all of them. Choose the one that you think will be the easiest for you to keep organized. If you have a lot of shirts, you can arrange them horizontally inside your dresser, like in a file cabinet. It is a perfect solution for those who have a ton of shirts and not enough drawer space. This will allow you to see all the shirts you have all at once. Most dressers will have at least two small drawers at the top. These are perfect for small items, such as socks, underwear, and bras. Depending on how many drawers you have, you can devote each one to a separate garment. For example, one drawer could be just for socks, and another one just for underwear, and so forth.  If your dresser does not have any small drawers, consider keeping your socks, underwear, and bras in one of the top drawers. Use a drawer divider to keep them separate. You can also store small items, such as camis, tights, underwear, and socks, in a tray that has compartments. Stick the tray in one of your larger drawers. This frees the smaller drawers up for other items, such as electronics, makeup, ties, and so forth. This can include items such as formal shirts, special occasion blouses, and out-of-season items. This drawer won't contains the same items year-round. For example, in the summertime, it may contain heavy, winter sweaters. In the wintertime, it might contain your bright summer dresses or shirts. If you have room in your closet, consider putting your out-of-season clothes onto a shelf. This will free up your bottom drawer for other items you wear more often. This is a great option for those who must wear a uniform to work or school. Keep the shirts on one side and the pants/shirts/shorts on the other. If you'd like, you can also use a drawer divider to keep them separate. Put all of your shirts into one drawers and your pants into another one. You can also keep long pants on one side of the drawer and shorts or Capri's on the other. If you keep all of your shirts in one drawer, consider sorting them by color. Put all of the bluish shirts in one stack and all of the reddish shirts in another. If you have many different colors, then try sorting them into light and dark colors. Keep all of your warm-weather clothes in one drawer and your cool-water clothes in another one. This will make it easier to grab the most suitable shirt and pair of pants in the morning. Having separate color piles can make your dresser appear more organized and visually appealing. For example, you can put all of the white shirts in one pile, and the black shirts in another pile. If you have many different colors, try putting all of the light colors into one pile and the dark colors into another one. This will help keep items from migrating from one side of the drawer to the other. It will also make your dresser drawer look more organized.  You can use as many dividers as you want. If you aren't certain how many to use, start with one or two to divide your drawer up into two or four sections.  Consider making your own divider. Click here to learn how to make one.