By. Mark Duell and Daniel Bates. UPDATED:. 06:45 EST, 15 November 2011. A 13-year-old boy is to be charged with the rape of a five-year-old girl in the play area of a McDonald's restaurant after his parents handed him over to police. The couple recognised their son wearing a jacket, jeans and trainers in security camera footage and took him into the sheriff's office. The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, denied sexually assaulting her following the incident on October 22 in Anderson Township, Ohio, in a court hearing in Cincinnati on Saturday. Suspect: The boy, who is just 13, was brought in to police last Thursday by his parents and charged with rape. But authorities claim the boy touched. the girl before making her touch him in an inappropriate way and then. walked out of the McDonald's as the victim burst into tears and went to. her grandmother. After the incident the little girl. went to her grandmother nearby 'with the look on her face as if. something was wrong'. Police said he climbed into the play area. specifically to molest her. The girl was inside the indoor play. area on her own at around 9pm when she was approached. The boy left. moments before she reported the assault. The woman who called 911 told police:. 'There was an incident in the play area with an older child and a. younger child which may have involved some sexual contact'. Police revealed that their suspect was. wearing a University of Cincinnati jacket, was around 5’3” high and. weighed around 125lbs. Hours later his parents brought him in. where he admitted to the crime, police said. He. was captured on CCTV inside the McDonald's as he entered and left. Restaurant: Jason Pickard, who owns this Ohio McDonald's franchise, is working with police and said: 'The safety and well-being of my customers, especially children, is extremely important' Parents reacted with horror and said. it was 'obscene' what had happened. McDonald's customer Margo Mather. said: 'I don't want my kids going over there just playing by. themselves.' 'It's frightening. I have kids and I take them there all the. time. I've never had a problem ever. Usually there's parents and. supervised kids. It’s really a great place for when. its winter time and you've got to let your kids run off all their. energy. It’s scary... my son's six so it could easily have been him' McDonald's customer Heather Kenyon. Heather Kenyon, another customer,. added: 'It's frightening. I have kids and I take them there all the. time. I've never had a problem ever. Usually there's parents and. supervised kids. ‘It’s really a great place for when. its winter time and you've got to let your kids run off all their. energy. It’s scary... my son's six so it could easily have been him'. Jason Pickard, the McDonald's franchise owner, was working with police to find out what happened. He said: 'The safety and well-being of. my customers, especially children, is extremely important. I'm taking. this matter very seriously and fully cooperating with authorities in. their investigation.' The boy is in juvenile detention centre awaiting a trial which will begin next Tuesday.

Write highlights for this article.