Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information to answer the above question is: Finding themselves out of place at the prestigious Omega Theta Pi house's party, they visit the slovenly Delta Tau Chi house next door, where Kent is a "legacy" who can not be rejected due to his brother having been a member.
Q: Context: In 1962, Faber College freshmen Lawrence "Larry" Kroger and Kent Dorfman seek to join a fraternity. Finding themselves out of place at the prestigious Omega Theta Pi house's party, they visit the slovenly Delta Tau Chi house next door, where Kent is a "legacy" who can not be rejected due to his brother having been a member. John "Bluto" Blutarsky welcomes them (claiming they "need the dues"), and they meet other Deltas including biker Daniel Simpson "D-Day" Day, chapter president Robert Hoover, ladies' man Eric "Otter" Stratton, and Otter's best friend Donald "Boon" Schoenstein, whose girlfriend Katy is constantly pressuring him to stop drinking with the Deltas and do something with his life. Larry and Kent are invited to pledge and given the fraternity names "Pinto" and "Flounder" respectively, by Bluto, Delta's sergeant-at-arms.

Question: what was the name of the frat in animal house?
A: Delta Tau Chi

Idea for the Q&A below: This is the relevant information: The song features Glenn Frey singing the lead vocals, with Don Henley singing main harmony vocals.
Q: "New Kid in Town" is a song by the Eagles from their 1976 studio album Hotel California. It was written by Don Henley, Glenn Frey and J.D. Souther. Released as the first single from the album, the song became a number-one hit in the US, and number 20 in the UK. The single version has an earlier fade-out than the album version. The song features Glenn Frey singing the lead vocals, with Don Henley singing main harmony vocals. Randy Meisner plays the guitarrón mexicano, Don Felder plays electric guitars, and Joe Walsh plays the electric piano and organ parts. The song won the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Arrangement for Two or More Voices.

Answer this question based on the passage: who sings vocals on new kid in town?
A: Glenn Frey singing the lead vocals , with Don Henley singing main harmony vocals

Idea for the Q&A below: The important part for answering this question is: "Message in a Bottle" is a song by English rock band The Police.
Q: "Message in a Bottle" is a song by English rock band The Police. It was released as the lead single from their second studio album, Reggatta de Blanc (1979). Written by the band's lead singer and bassist Sting, the song is ostensibly about a story of a castaway on an island, who sends out a message in a bottle to seek love. A year later, he has not received any sort of response, and despairs, thinking he is destined to be alone. The next day, he sees "a hundred billion bottles" on the shore, finding out that there are more people like him out there. American rock band American Hi-Fi performed a cover of the song for the 2003 film Rugrats Go Wild.

Answer this question: who sang the song message in a bottle?
A: English rock band The Police

Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information is: Mandy Moore as Lana Thomas
