Summarize this article:

It's important for your students to know that they can trust you as an expert in your field.  When you introduce yourself, tell them how many years you've been working in your field and what you have achieved there. Then they'll know you know your stuff. Tell them how long you've been teaching your course. If you've been teaching the same course twenty times, let them know, so they have a sense that you've created the best course possible. If you're new to the classroom, however, don't let your students know so they don't see you as a pushover. Once the introductions are out of the way, it's important to let your students understand your expectations so they can meet them.  Have a well-organized syllabus that shows them exactly what to expect from every day of the course. Answer any questions they have after you go over it, so you can clear up any confusion. Whether you're teaching children or adults, it's important to have a clear code of conduct, which shows not only your expectations, but the punishments if your students fail to meet them. Common code of conduct rules include showing mutual respect and avoiding disruptive behavior, such as using texting, talking on the phone, or whispering in the back of the classroom. Whether you're giving a quiz or a final exam, it's important to make sure the assignment is fair and useful for your students. They will be better students after all of your hard work, and will thank you for being an understanding teacher and classroom leader.  Have a study guide. Before an exam, tell your students what they can expect to be on it so they don't have any surprises on the day of the test. Provide sample problems. Give your students practice problems so their skills are sharp on the day of the test. To be a good classroom leader, you have to find new ways to introduce boring old material to your students. If you don't mix things up, your students will get bored and distracted and may even lose respect for you.  Bring current events into class discussion. Even if you're not teaching a history class, you can find a way to bring up current events, whether it's something related to the government or sports, and tie them into your material. This will make your students feel that your discussion is relevant to the real world. Have unique activities that get your students moving and thinking. Allow your students to create their own paragraphs, board work, skits, or any other activity that may help them understand an old concept in a new way. To be a good classroom leader, you have to prove that you care about your students' success. Be kind and approachable in the classroom, so they respect you but aren't afraid to ask questions.  Give good feedback on both written assignments as well as your students' in-class responses. This will show that you care about them on an individual level and want them to succeed. Thank them for a great class. On the last day of class, bring them a special treat, or write them a note to say how much you've enjoyed having them in the classroom. This will make your classroom experience end on a positive note and will show what a great leader you are.