Coming off their win over the Steelers, the Patriots stayed at home for an AFC East rematch with the 3-10 Jets. The Patriots punted on their first drive of the game, giving the Jets the ball at their own 3-yard line. After a 1-yard Thomas Jones run, Jets quarterback Clemens threw an interception to Eugene Wilson, who returned it for a touchdown. Clemens was hit by Seymour and suffered an ankle injury on the play and did not return to the game. Wilson also became the Patriots' 21st player to score a touchdown on the season, tying an NFL record set by the Denver Broncos in 2000 and Los Angeles Rams in 1987. On their ensuing possession, the Jets gained 49&#160;yards on an option play to running back Leon Washington, but then failed a fourth down conversion from the Patriots' 17-yard line. With 6:36 remaining in the first quarter, the Patriots began a drive that ended 17 plays later, in the 2nd quarter, on a 26-yard Gostkowski field goal. After a Jets punt, the Patriots moved the ball to their own 40-yard line when a Chris Hanson punt attempt was blocked by David Bowens and returned for a touchdown to cut the Patriots' lead to 10-7. On the Jets' next possession, Washington blocked a Graham punt attempt to give the Patriots the ball at the Jets' 3-yard line. A 1-yard Maroney touchdown run a play later gave the Patriots a 17-7 lead going into halftime. Gostkowski's extra point, his 67th of the season, broke Uwe von Schamann's single-season record of 66 with the Miami Dolphins in 1984. A Jets punt gave the Patriots the ball at their own 9-yard line early in the third quarter. After two Maroney rushes for a total of 5&#160;yards, a Brady pass on third down intended to Moss was intercepted by Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis. The Jets moved into the red zone, but were driven back on a Thomas Jones run for a 1-yard loss and a delay of game penalty. On third down, Pennington completed a 10-yard pass to Baker, who then fumbled. Wilson recovered it for the Patriots, but a subsequent exchange of punts kept the third quarter scoreless. Another Hanson punt began the fourth quarter, giving the Jets the ball from their own 15-yard line. The Jets then embarked upon a 17-play drive where Pennington completed 10 passes on 12 attempts, none for more than 14&#160;yards. The drive ended at the Patriots' 15-yard line, where the Jets cut the Patriots' lead to 17-10 on a 33-yard Mike Nugent field goal. The Patriots' ensuing drive began with two incompletions intended for Moss. On third down, Brady completed a 16-yard pass to Moss, and then a 46-yard pass to Moss to give the Patriots the ball at the Jets' 14-yard line. A 4-yard Maroney run, incompletion, and sack for a loss of 6&#160;yards set up a 33-yard Gostkowski field goal. The Jets' next possession ended in a 35-yard missed Nugent field goal, and the Jets failed to score on their final drive to give the Patriots a 20-10 win. It gave the Patriots a 14-0 record, tying them with the 1972 Miami Dolphins for the best record to start a season. The win also clinched home-field advantage throughout the playoffs for the Patriots.
Answer this question: How many total yards of field goals did Gostkowski  make?