Given the question: Information:  - The bromate anion, BrO, is a bromine-based oxoanion. A bromate is a chemical compound that contains this ion. Examples of bromates include sodium bromate,, and potassium bromate,.  - An oxoacid is an acid that contains oxygen. Specifically, it is a compound that contains hydrogen, oxygen, and at least one other element, with at least one hydrogen atom bound to oxygen that can dissociate to produce the H cation and the anion of the acid.  - Bromic acid, also known as hydrogen bromate, is an oxoacid with the molecular formula HBrO. It only exists in aqueous solution. It is a colorless solution that turns yellow at room temperature as it decomposes to bromine. Bromic acid and bromates are powerful oxidizing agents and are common ingredients in Belousov-Zhabotinsky reactions. Belousov-Zhabotinsky reactions are a classic example of non-equilibrium thermodynamics.  - Calcium bromate , Ca ( BrO3 ) 2 , is a salt of bromic acid and lime . It may be prepared by the anodic oxidation of calcium bromide . It is used as a flour improver ( E number E924b ) in some countries .  - Non-equilibrium thermodynamics is a branch of thermodynamics that deals with physical systems that are not in thermodynamic equilibrium but can adequately be described in terms of variables (non-equilibrium state variables) that represent an extrapolation of the variables used to specify the system in thermodynamic equilibrium. Non-equilibrium thermodynamics is concerned with transport processes and with the rates of chemical reactions. It relies on what may be thought of as more or less nearness to thermodynamic equilibrium. Non-equilibrium thermodynamics is a work in progress, not an established edifice. This article will try to sketch some approaches to it and some concepts important for it.  - Bromine is a chemical element with symbol Br and atomic number 35. It is the third-lightest halogen, and is a fuming red-brown liquid at room temperature that evaporates readily to form a similarly coloured gas. Its properties are thus intermediate between those of chlorine and iodine. Isolated independently by two chemists, Carl Jacob Löwig (in 1825) and Antoine Jérôme Balard (in 1826), its name was derived from the Ancient Greek "" "stench", referencing its sharp and disagreeable smell.  - An aqueous solution is a solution in which the solvent is water. It is usually shown in chemical equations by appending (aq) to the relevant chemical formula. For example, a solution of table salt, or sodium chloride (NaCl), in water would be represented as Na(aq) + Cl(aq). The word "aqueous" means pertaining to, related to, similar to, or dissolved in water. As water is an excellent solvent and is also naturally abundant, it is a ubiquitous solvent in chemistry.    'calcium bromate' is related to which object entity through the relation of 'instance of'?  Choices: - acid  - anion  - branch  - cation  - chemical  - chemical compound  - chemical element  - chloride  - edifice  - formula  - hydrogen  - ion  - liquid  - may  - molecular formula  - number  - oxoacid  - salt  - solution  - state  - system  - temperature  - transport  - water
The answer is: