Write a title for this article:

Andy Carey, an underappreciated cog in the powerful Yankees machine of the 1950s that won four consecutive American League pennants and two World Series, died on Dec. 15 at his home in Costa Mesa, Calif. He was 80.

The cause was Lewy body dementia, his daughter Elizabeth Carey said.

A third baseman, Carey was an above-average fielder — he once turned four double plays in a game — and a solid bottom-third-of-the-order hitter on teams that had sluggers like Mickey Mantle, Yogi Berra, Bill Skowron, Elston Howard and Hank Bauer hitting ahead of him. He played eight seasons with the Yankees, from 1952 to 1959 (and four games in 1960, before he was traded), and was the regular third baseman for much of that time in a decade when New York City dominated the baseball world.

In 1954, his best year as a hitter, he batted .302 in 122 games, with 65 runs batted in, as the Yankees won 103 games but finished second to the Cleveland Indians. The next year, Carey led the American League in triples with 11, and the Yankees began a string of four consecutive pennants. In 1956 and 1958, they won the World Series, each time exacting revenge — defeating first the Brooklyn Dodgers, who had beaten them in 1955, and then the Milwaukee Braves, who had triumphed over them in 1957.

Carey played a key role in one of baseball’s landmark games. He twice helped preserve the only perfect World Series game, pitched by Don Larsen against the Dodgers on Oct. 8, 1956. In the second inning, the Dodgers’ Jackie Robinson smacked a shot between third and short that Carey knocked down, allowing Yankees shortstop Gil McDougald to pick up the ball and nip Robinson at first. In the eighth, he robbed Gil Hodges by snaring a low line drive that seemed headed for left field.

Andy Carey was born Andrew Arthur Hexem in Oakland, Calif., on Oct. 18, 1931, and grew up in nearby Alameda. His parents divorced when he was very young, and his mother, Nola, married Kenneth Carey, a lawyer.

He played baseball as a freshman at St. Mary’s College of California, and then played a summer of semiprofessional ball in Idaho. He was preparing to follow his stepfather into the law but left college when the Yankees offered him a $60,000 bonus, an eye-opening figure at the time. He played for Yankees farm teams in Kansas City Mo., and Syracuse, and when he was elevated to the big leagues in 1952, there was speculation that he would be converted to shortstop and eventually succeed Phil Rizzuto at that position. That did not happen, and by 1954, he was the Yankees’ regular third baseman.

The emergence of Clete Boyer, who became the Yankees’ third baseman in the 1960s, eventually made Carey expendable, and he was sent to Kansas City (by then a big-league franchise). He also played for the Chicago White Sox and the Los Angeles Dodgers before retiring in 1962. His career average, over 11 seasons, was .260, with 64 home runs and 350 R.B.I.

Carey was married four times and divorced three. In addition to his daughter Elizabeth, he is survived by his wife, Susie; a sister, Sandy Carey; another daughter, Jennifer James; a son, Christopher; and three granddaughters.