Man United given big price tag for Torino defender Angelo Ogbonna - Premier League News
Updated Sep 20, 2012 1:58 PM ET

Each day we'll bring you the very latest tabloid rumors as the biggest clubs around splash the cash to bolster their rosters. True or not, they're always entertaining...

Every morning, FOX Soccer gathers the rumors from across England's papers and presents them to you in one place: Paper Chase. Here are the archives:

Chelsea boss Roberto Di Matteo was left fuming after a stamp on Oscar by Leonardo Bonucci of Juventus went unpunished in Wednesday night's 2-2 Champions League draw at Stamford Bridge.

Sir Alex Ferguson branded Manchester United as "sloppy" as they stumbled to a 1-0 Champions League victory over Galatasaray.

Meanwhile, United have been told it will cost them £16m to land Torino's 24-year-old centre-back Angelo Ogbonna.

QPR boss Mark Hughes is planning to snap up Manchester City's Swedish striker John Guidetti.

Bolton boss Owen Coyle admits he will have no complaints if he is sacked after the club slipped to 15th in the Championship.

Striker Demba Ba has been told to cool his wage demands or risk his Newcastle future after asking for almost double his current £50,000-a-week wages in talks about a new three-year-deal.

Which big name stars could be on the move? Find out with the latest Rumor Redux.

Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers admits he does not have a squad capable of competing in Europe this season ahead of tonight's Europa League clash against Young Boys.

Aston Villa defender Stephen Warnock, 30, could be set for a loan move to Bolton after falling out of favour with Villa boss Paul Lambert.

Mario Balotelli was axed for Manchester City's Champions League clash against Real Madrid on Tuesday following another bust-up with boss Roberto Mancini after the striker reportedly was out partying until the early hours of Sunday morning.

Newcastle boss Alan Pardew fears striker Demba Ba could leave the club in January for just £7m.

Keeper Michel Vorm will sign a new four-year deal at Swansea next week.

Birmingham will step up their attempts to off-load Nikola Zigic after the striker was axed for Tuesday's game with Bolton.

Manchester City could be without midfielder Samir Nasri for three weeks after he suffered a suspected hamstring tear in Tuesday's Champions League defeat at Real Madrid.

Bolton manager Owen Coyle will be given two games to save his job after the club slipped to 15th in the Championship following Tuesday's defeat by Birmingham City.

Former Wolves winger Matt Jarvis feels he can force his way back into England reckoning following his move to West Ham.

Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher, 34, has been told he does have a future at Anfield beyond this season, despite failing to start a Premier League match so far under manager Brendan Rodgers.

Everton are considering a move for former Manchester City and Manchester United midfielder Owen Hargreaves after his proposed switch to French side Lille collapsed.

The representatives of Arsenal midfielder Andrei Arshavin have been told the Russia international is surplus to requirements at the Emirates.
What was this article about?