Student A:The opening stage was won by Fernando Gaviria of Quick-Step Floors, who became the Tour's first rider to wear the general classification leader's yellow jersey. Peter Sagan (Bora -- Hansgrohe) then took the race lead the following stage. BMC Racing Team won stage three's team time trial, putting their rider Greg Van Avermaet in yellow. He held the jersey for eight days until the second high mountain stage, where stage winner Thomas took the lead. He held it for the rest of the race to become the first Welshman to win the overall race. As a result, Team Sky -- and additionally British riders -- won six of the previous seven Tours dating back to 2012.

Answer this question: who won the first stage of the 2018 tour de france?
Student B:OK... This is the relevant information: The opening stage was won by Fernando Gaviria of Quick-Step Floors, who became the Tour's first rider to wear the general classification leader's yellow jersey.
Fernando Gaviria.

Problem:Fox insisted on changes to reduce the budget to a more manageable $5.8 million. The producers hired veteran writer Michael Wilson, who had previously adapted Boulle's novel The Bridge over the River Kwai, to rewrite Serling's script. To save on special effects costs, Wilson's script described an ape society more primitive than that which appeared in the novel. The new script changed much of the plot and dialogue, but retained the Cold War themes and Serling's ending. John Chambers created the innovative makeup effects.

Answer this question: who did the make up for planet of the apes?
Solution:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: John Chambers created the innovative makeup effects.
John Chambers.

Student A:The krone (ˈkruːnə) (sign: kr; code: NOK), plural kroner, is the currency of Norway and its dependent territories. It is subdivided into 100 øre, which exist only electronically since 2012. The name translates into English as crown.

Kr is the currency symbol of which country?
Student B:OK... The relevant information to answer the above question is: The krone (ˈkruːnə) (sign: kr; code: NOK), plural kroner, is the currency of Norway and its dependent territories.
Norway.

Problem:Charlie Quirke is a British actor, best known for playing Travis Stubbs in the ITV sitcom Birds of a Feather.

Answer this question: who plays travis stubbs in birds of a feather?
Solution:OK... The important part for answering this question is: Charlie Quirke is a British actor, best known for playing Travis Stubbs in the ITV sitcom Birds of a Feather.
Charlie Quirke.

Student A:Before Alaska and Hawaii became states of the United States in 1959, the corresponding expression was "the 49th state".

Based on this passage, when did the us add the 49th state?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Before Alaska and Hawaii became states of the United States in 1959, the corresponding expression was "the 49th state".
1959.

Student A:Passage: Neck pain (or cervicalgia) is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives.

Question: Based on this passage, what is the medical term for neck pain?
Student B: