News article:

Brad Joseph says the governor made contact with him with his knee and asked if he wanted to 'do something' and 'start something' 
  
 New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie paused at Sunday's match-up between the Milwaukee Brewers and the Chicago Cubs to get in a fan's face and call him a "big shot" after being heckled. 
  
 "I appreciate that," the fan, Brad Joseph, is heard replying in video shared by WISN 12 NEWS reporter Ben Hutchison. 
  
 Joseph, a relative of Hutchison's, later explained what led up to the confrontation: 
  
  
  
 "When he initially was going up the stairs I yelled his name. He was already quite a bit past me, and 30 feet away I yelled his name and told him that he sucked. ... I called him a hypocrite because I thought it needed to be said. He then turned around and walked all the way back towards me and got up in my face for what seemed like a long time, but was probably only about 30 seconds or a minute." 
  
  
  
 Joseph said the former presidential candidate made contact with him with his knee and asked if he wanted to "do something" and "start something." 
  
 "(He) was yelling at me. First he told me, 'Why don't you have another beer?' which I thought was a decent come back, and I thought that was kind of funny," said Joseph. "Then he started calling me a tough guy." 
  
 Hutchison began recording video at the end of the confrontation. 
  
 Despite having Christie just inches from his face, Joseph said he remained calm. 
  
 "He is a public official and this is America and I think we have the right to say what you believe as long as it’s not crude or profane," Joseph said. 
  
 An attempt to reach Christie's office for comment was unsuccessful by late Sunday. 
  
 Christie, whose son works for the Milwaukee Brewers, received boos from fans about two weeks ago after catching a foul ball at a game between the St. Louis Cardinals and the New York Mets. 
  
 The Cubs won Sunday's game, 4-2. 
  
 Get breaking news alerts with the WISN 12 mobile app or with our email newsletters. 
  
 AlertMe ||||| Rating is available when the video has been rented. 
  
 This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. ||||| Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
  
 Baseball fans don’t seem very fond of Chris Christie. The Republican governor of New Jersey got a foul ball at Citi Field two weeks ago and was booed lustily by fans. 
  
 On Sunday, Christie was in attendance at Miller Park for the Cubs-Brewers game. He was not popular there, either. According to Ben Hutchison of WISN 12 News, Christie was getting razzed by fans, so he decided to get in one fan’s face while holding a tray of nachos. 
  
 At #Cubs #Brewers game. #ChrisChristie was getting razzed by fans, so he got in the face of one of them. 5:30 on @WISN12News pic.twitter.com/sx8euMgFy2 — Ben Hutchison (@BennyHutch) July 30, 2017 
  
 As you can see towards the end of the video, Victor Caratini hit a solo home run to break a 2-2 tie shortly after Christie’s showdown. 
  
 Christie’s son works for the Brewers, which explains why he was in town. 
  
 Follow @Baer_Bill |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?