Please answer the following question: Information:  - "Takes 2 to Tango" was the Finnish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004, performed in English by Jari Sillanpää. The song was composed by Mika Toivanen, and Sillanpää wrote the lyrics himself.  - The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) is an alliance of public service media entities, established on 12 February 1950. As of 2015, the organisation comprises 73 active members in 56 countries, and 34 associate members from a further 20 countries. Most EU states are part of this organisation and therefore EBU has been subject to supranational legislation and regulation. It also hosted debates between candidates for the European Commission presidency for the 2014 parliamentary elections but is unrelated to the institution itself. It is best known for producing the Eurovision Song Contest. EBU is a member of the International Music Council.  - The Eurovision Song Contest, sometimes popularly called Eurovision but not to be confused with the Eurovision network that broadcasts it, is the longest-running annual international TV song competition, held, primarily, among the member countries of the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) since 1956. The competition was based upon the existing Sanremo Music Festival held in Italy since 1951.  - Aleksandra and Konstantin a Belarusian is the musical duo of singer Aleksandra Kirsanova and guitarist Konstantin Drapezo . They represented Belarus in their inaugural entry in the Eurovision Song Contest , singing `` My Galileo '' in the 2004 Contest .  - The Festival della canzone italiana di Sanremo (in English: "Italian song festival of Sanremo") is the most popular Italian song contest and awards, held annually in the city of Sanremo, in Italy, and consisting of a competition amongst previously unreleased songs. Usually referred to as Festival di Sanremo, or outside Italy as Sanremo Music Festival or Sanremo Music Festival Award, it was the inspiration for the Eurovision Song Contest.  - Belarus has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 13 times since making its debut in 2004. Dmitry Koldun became the country's first entrant to reach the final at the contest, where he finished sixth with the song "Work Your Magic". This remains Belarus's only top ten placement. Belarus also qualified for the final in , and .  - "My Galileo" was the first entry by Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest, performed at the 2004 Contest in English by Aleksandra and Konstantin. As this was Belarus' debut entry, it was performed in the semi-final of that Contest. The song was performed second on the night (following Finland's Jari Sillanpää with "Takes 2 To Tango" and preceding Switzerland's Piero Esteriore & The MusicStars with "Celebrate!"). At the close of voting, it could only muster 10 points, which were enough for 19th place, thus forcing Belarus to qualify through the semi-final at the next Contest.    After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'aleksandra and konstantin' with the relationship of 'participant of'.  Choices: - eurovision song contest  - eurovision song contest 2004  - sanremo music festival
Answer: