Max Clifford was jailed for eight years at Southwark Crown Court in May after a jury found him guilty of eight counts of indecent assault against teenage girls and young women between 1977 and 1984. Disgraced PR guru Max Clifford has launched an appeal against his eight-year prison sentence for a string of indecent assaults on four women. In April he became the first person to be convicted under the high profile Operation Yewtree sex crime investigation. He was jailed for eight years at Southwark Crown Court in May after a jury found him guilty of eight counts of indecent assault against teenage girls and young women between 1977 and 1984. The judge said that if the offences had taken place today – since sentencing guidelines were toughened in 2003 – Clifford would have been regarded as a multiple rapist for which he would have been locked up for life. The maximum sentence for indecent assault at the time was two years. The 71-year-old committed the offences after luring and 'degrading' women through his celebrity connections during his high-profile career. Passing sentence at Southwark Crown Court in May, Judge Anthony Leonard told Clifford his personality and position in the public eye were the reasons his crimes were not revealed earlier. He said: 'The reason why they were not brought to light sooner was because of your own dominant character and your position in the world of entertainment which meant that your victims thought that you were untouchable, something that I think you too believed. 'These offences may have taken place a long time ago, when inappropriate and trivial sexual behaviour was more likely to be tolerated, but your offending was not trivial, but of a very serious nature.' For Clifford’s eight offences, the judge gave him a series of sentences of 12 months, 18 months, 24 months, six months, 21 months and 15 months, some to run concurrently and some consecutively, to arrive at a total of eight years. He is now serving his sentence at Category C Littlehey jail in Cambridgeshire. A spokesman for the Judicial Office said Clifford was appealing against the length of his imprisonment which would be heard at the Court of Appeal in London on October 9. The former celebrity agent, who branded his accusers 'fantasists', remained defiant ahead of his sentencing, and said: 'I stand by everything I have said in the last 17 months.' In August, Clifford, pictured kissing a guest on the cheek, was allowed out of prison to attend his brother Bernard's funeral at North East Surrey Crematorium in south west London. A spokesman for the Judicial Office said Clifford, pictured with his former wife Jo, was appealing against the length of his imprisonment which would be heard at the Court of Appeal in London on October 9. In August, he was allowed out of prison to attend his brother Bernard's funeral at North East Surrey Crematorium in south west London. He was brought out from the van 300ft from the cemetery chapel in handcuffs, flanked by security guards, before walking indoors for the service. Clifford stood laughing and smiling with family and friends following the 30-minute service.
What are the important parts of this article?