Given a real-life anecdote of a complex ethical situation, identify who is wrong here. Classify each post into the following categories : AUTHOR (if the author of the post is wrong in the situation), OTHER (if any of the others mentioned in the paragraph is wrong), EVERYBODY (if everyone mentioned is wrong) and NOBODY (if no one is wrong in the situation).

This isn’t as clear cut as the title may suggest and is different enough from other DUI reporting stories that I don’t know how to feel. 

I’m good friends with some people who often hang out with this guy named “John” (names changed), one of my friend’s brother. To me, John is exactly the kind of person I hate. He’s very successful academically and socially. However, he uses his talents to be just enough of an asshole to get away with everything, meaning no one ever calls him out on his shit and no consequences come from his behavior. He’s untouchable. 

Example: John was telling a story once and his dad asked him to repeat something and in front of everyone, John got very snarky with him - claiming if he cared, he would have heard him the first time (this logic still doesn’t make sense to me) and that he shouldn’t have to repeat himself. John is usually this rude to his parents, but his dad was particularly upset from John lashing out at him this time since it was a party in celebration of John’s graduation. No one has ever said anything about this incident to him. 

Going back to the AITA scenario, we were having a party for someone’s birthday and John is talking about how surprised he is about his brother, my good friend, is drinking and “not just being boring like he always is” and that he might even make some friends. This is something he usually says about his brother but for some reason, this time it just made me snap. I knew his dumbass would think he would be good to drive home even if he wasn’t. Sure enough, when he decided it was a good time to go, he said he was going to drive back home. As he drove away, I anonymously called the police and reported him for drunk driving. He was pulled over and got in a heap of trouble. As the police started to approach him, he panicked and tried to get away for a second until he became sensible and stopped. He blew a .08 and is getting a DUI. Now there’s a very real possibility that he won’t be able to get into the medical schools he wants to and he is really really upset about it. 

Here’s why I’m potentially the bad guy. Although I didn’t encourage him to drive, I didn’t try to stop him. What’s worse is that I didn’t even know if he was that intoxicated. I didn’t see how much he had and I couldn’t tell from his behavior. I just reported him anyway and hoped he’d get in trouble. 

I feel kind of bad for what I did, but since I did it anonymously, I don’t have anyone to discuss this with. I just want to hear what other people think. AITA?

P.S: I don’t want to paint John one dimensionally. He can be very nice and from I understand. Since his girlfriend of 2 years hasn’t dumped him yet, he’s probably not too awful to her. My friend has had a lot of good times with John, but he doesn’t like that John puts him down as often as he does.