How might one describe the sentiment of this review?
Holy hell yall... I am a HUGE fan of stations. In fact when I worked for them they deserved theyre Fortune 500 rating for one of the best employers. But, this place was a dump. With all the financial hardships they are currently going through I can totally understand with this kinda dead weight. The security was SLOPPY! He was a nice guy, but the uniform material was unpressed and hung sloppy. The armed officer looked like barney fife outta mayberry withh is duty belt slung low. Then the woman at the Amigo cards desk totally blew me away and its times like that they should be lucky my wife has a tight chain on me. First of all I didnt know that kids even toddlers have been banned from the casino floor unless they are on the platform of an eatery. So, when Im standing 10 feet away from my wife waiting for her to get the amigo card the woman at the desk was like you HAVE TO stand at McDonalds you cannot be here with anyone under 21. Im like WTF? Shes 2, what the hell do you have to worry about???? and in a STROLLER! What is she gonna slap a waitress on the ass order a jack a coke, take a drag off a found cigarette butt and pop in her bus money and take a chance on the reels like some honky? No! Was she screaming? NO! Did she scream when I had to take her away from my wife? YES! Stupid fucking laws, you know why casinos are loosing money? Because they are overly dependent on Dincs  (double income no children), retirees and transients! WAKE THE FUCK UP VEGAS! If a casino is connected to a hotel, an attraction (like the ice rink outback), a movie theater, bowling alley etc.. then HELLO! Your gonna have families and kids! If you are harassing my two year old because you cant control the hood rats then find the revenue to pay for COMPOTENT security not barney fife! Ive done casino security for years and Im damn good at it. Never had an insurance liability issue in all the years Ive worked in a casino. So this new anti family laws are bullshit and its why your loosing money. Because of how poorly you treated us and how my daughter was made to feel like a prisoner having to be only on the tiled areas, keeping a family SEPERATED while one takes care of player card stuff and check cashing we cant be together? Thats fucking stupid. Bring on the state tax cause if this is how you treat paying LOCAL customers who would have ate theyre had it not been for your poor staff and nazi like regime then I can totally see why LOCAL casinos are going belly up! Sad sad state of affairs. Bottom line, I understand casinos are not a childrens play place and that some people cant control theyre hellions. HOWEVER I have better service at the Klondike off sunset and its PURELY a gamblers place, no ice rink or hotel so no reason for kids to be theyre but when we go for breakfast they have never treated us harshly or cruely like Fiestas employees. And the Fiesta has a frigging ice rink, so hello you have an attraction that is susposed to attract families and your being total pricks to families? I can totally see why it was a ghost town in there!...Possible answers:
(a). negative
(b). positive I think the answer is