James Graham Mallinson, 72, died when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed on to traffic on the A27 on 22 August.
A minute's silence was held after the names of the victims were read out at the inquest in Horsham.
First causes of death were given as burns and smoke inhalation, fragmentation of body due to blunt-force trauma and head injury.
Relatives of some of the people who died in the crash attended the hearing.
West Sussex senior coroner Penelope Schofield vowed to conduct a "full and fearless inquiry" into the disaster.
"Many people have been affected by the tragic events on August 22, 2015 and my thoughts are primarily with the families," she said.
Ms Schofield said the investigation would take time some time and a pre-inquest review would be held on 22 March.
The full inquest is expected to take place in June next year, ahead of the first anniversary of the crash.
The family of Mr Mallinson, who was known as Graham, said the keen photographer and retired engineer from Newick, East Sussex, had been hoping to capture shots of the Vulcan bomber which was making one of its last appearances at the air show.
"He was the kindest and most generous man, who regularly gave his time to help others. Always loyal and reliable, he was a private and loving family man with a great sense of humour," they said in a statement.
"A very caring husband and father who was dearly loved, he will be very sorely missed by all his family and the wide circle of friends who had the good fortune to know him."
Mr Mallinson, who was also a "passionate" steam railway enthusiast and Bluebell Railway volunteer, was "at the right place at the wrong time, doing what he loved best on a beautiful summer's day", the family added.
The courtroom was packed as a minute's silence was held for the 11 victims of the crash.
Some families of those who died were there - they were clearly moved as details of how their loved ones were killed were read out, one after another. Other families chose not to attend and were represented by police liaison officers.
We heard how some of the victims were on their way to a football match, others were on a bike ride and some had parked up to watch the air show. They never returned. There was no explanation offered as to why the plane came down on the busy A27.
The coroner addressed the families directly, acknowledging they needed answers desperately. She explained how that would take time. For the families, there will clearly be many difficult days ahead.
Police have said they have no reason to believe more than 11 people died in the crash.
Pilot Andy Hill remains in a critical but stable condition at an unnamed specialist hospital.
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) is studying the wreckage of the 1950s RAF jet to determine the cause of the disaster.
The Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) has imposed restrictions on air shows in the wake of the crash, and the A27 has partially reopened with a 40mph speed limit imposed while investigations continue.
What we know so far about the air disaster
Profiles of the victims
'Like a bomb exploding' - eyewitness accounts
The air crash in pictures
Jet restrictions announced

This article was about: