Student A:Context: Real Madrid hold the record for the most overall titles, with 22 followed by Milan's 17 titles. Spanish teams hold the record for the most wins in each of the three main UEFA club competitions: Real Madrid, with thirteen European Cup / UEFA Champions League titles; Sevilla, with five UEFA Cup / UEFA Europa League titles; and Barcelona, with four Cup Winners' Cup titles. Milan share the most Super Cup wins (five) with Barcelona, and the most Intercontinental Cup wins (three) with Real Madrid. German clubs Hamburg, Schalke 04 and Stuttgart, and Spanish club Villarreal are the record holders by titles won in the UEFA Intertoto Cup (twice each).

Question: who have won the champions league the most?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: Spanish teams hold the record for the most wins in each of the three main UEFA club competitions: Real Madrid, with thirteen European Cup / UEFA Champions League titles; Sevilla, with five UEFA Cup / UEFA Europa League titles; and Barcelona, with four Cup Winners' Cup titles.
Real Madrid.

Student A:Passage: The Blue Bombers were founded in 1930 as the Winnipeg Football Club, which remains the organization's legal name today. Since that time, they have won the league's Grey Cup championship 10 times, most recently in 1990. With 10 wins, they have the third-highest win total in the Grey Cup among active and defunct CFL teams. Though they are currently the team with the longest Grey Cup drought (and in the West Division overall ( although their 1990 win, their most recent, came when they played in the East Division) ), no other CFL franchise has as many Grey Cup appearances as the Blue Bombers' current 25. The Blue Bombers were the first team not located in Ontario or Quebec to win a championship.

Question: Based on this passage, when was the last time the bombers won a grey cup?
Student B:OK... To answer the above question, the relevant sentence is: Since that time, they have won the league's Grey Cup championship 10 times, most recently in 1990.
1990.

Student A:The Houston Astros are an American professional baseball team based in Houston, Texas. The Astros compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) West division, having moved to the division in 2013 after spending their first 51 seasons in the National League (NL). The Astros have played their home games at Minute Maid Park since 2000.

When did the astros move to the american league?
Student B:OK... The relevant sentence in the passage is: The Astros compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) West division, having moved to the division in 2013 after spending their first 51 seasons in the National League (NL).
2013.

Student A:Intrinsic factor (IF), also known as gastric intrinsic factor (GIF), is a glycoprotein produced by the parietal cells of the stomach. It is necessary for the absorption of vitamin B (cobalamin) later on in the ileum of the small intestine. In humans, the gastric intrinsic factor protein is encoded by the GIF gene.

Based on this passage, which substance facilitates the gastric absorption of vitamin b 12?
Student B: