Article:
The United Arab Emirates has issued a warrant of arrest for two men who posted a video online of them dancing while donning military uniforms. It is not clear what type of dance the men were doing but in traditional UAE dance, men often show off their rifle spinning techniques. 
  
 Prosecutors have accused the two men of "making outrageous physical movements that did not respect the uniform, the morale and the value of national service." Further, they added, the video was "an insult to the honour of military service." 
  
 They complained that "some irresponsible persons were behaving improperly and in a manner that was certainly contemptuous of the local community which looked to its armed forces with deep respect and veneration. 
  
 The UAE is part of a coalition that is battling the Houthi rebel movement in Yemen for almost nine months. The BBC said that the country's armed forced had suffered dozens of casualties and this has apparently made the authorities sensitive to the way the armed forces are portrayed. 
  
 The Gulf News quotes the authorities as saying that the two men made obscene gestures but did not elaborate. It said it was forced to "confront such offensive behaviour in order to deter all those who are tempted to disrespect military values and the stature of the army in society." 
  
 The New Arab noted that the UAE recently introduced compulsory national service for its male citizens aged between 18 and 30. Serving in the army is optional for women. ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. ||||| Image copyright AFP Image caption It is not known what type of dancing the men were involved in, but in this traditional UAE dance men show off their rifle-spinning techniques 
  
 Arrest warrants have been issued in the United Arab Emirates for two men who posted a video online showing them dancing in military uniforms. 
  
 Prosecutors accused the pair of "making outrageous physical movements that did not respect the uniform, the morale and the value of national service". 
  
 The video, they added, was "an insult to the honour of military service". 
  
 The UAE is part of a coalition that has been battling the Houthi rebel movement in Yemen for almost nine months. 
  
 Its armed forces have suffered dozens of casualties there, and correspondents say this has made the authorities especially sensitive to the way they are portrayed. 
  
 The prosecutors complained that "some irresponsible persons were behaving improperly and in a manner that was certainly contemptuous of the local community which looked to its armed forces with deep respect and veneration". |||||Summary: