Information:  - The National Gallery of Zimbabwe (NGZ) is a gallery in Harare, Zimbabwe, dedicated to the presentation and conservation of Zimbabwe's contemporary art and visual heritage. The original National Gallery of Rhodesia was designed and directed by Frank McEwen, a British citizen credited with bringing Shona Sculpture to the spotlight. The Gallery was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 16 July 1957 and Queen Elizabeth II attended the sixth Zimbabwe Heritage Exhibition there in October 1991.  - Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon (4 August 1900  30 March 2002) was the wife of King George VI and the mother of Queen Elizabeth II and Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon. She was Queen consort of the United Kingdom and the Dominions from her husband's accession in 1936 until his death in 1952, after which she was known as Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, to avoid confusion with her daughter. She was the last Empress consort of India.  - Ennica Mukomberanwa (born 1978) is a Zimbabwean sculptor. The daughter of Grace Mukomberanwa and Nicholas Mukomberanwa, she was trained by the first generation of sculptures. Her work is exhibited in private collections and at galleries around the world. She is an award winning Third generation Zimbabwean sculptor. In 2004, she was awarded a prize which allowed her to travel to Stockholm, Copenhagen, Scotland, and Canada. She is a member of the Mukomberanwa family of sculptors. She is the daughter of Grace Mukomberanwa and Nicholas Mukomberanwa, who served as her mentor. She is the sister of sculptors Anderson, Netsai, Taguma, Tendai Mukomberanwa and Lawrence Mukomberanwa, and the cousin of Nesbert Mukomberanwa.  - Mukomberanwa is the family name of renowned Zimbabwean sculptors.  Nicholas Mukomberanwa, together with his wife, Grace Mukomberanwa were one of the first generation of Zimbabwean sculptors of Shona art sculptors. Zimbawean sculptors are separated into "generations" based on the period that one started working with stone. They trained their relatives, including children and nephews in the same craft, who later gained a name for themselves in the industry and became a part of the second and third generations of Zimbabwe sculptors. Grace and Nicholas had six children together. The children of Nicholas, in order of birth, were Anderson Mukomberanwa, Malachia Mukomberanwa, Lawrence Mukomberanwa, Taguma Mukomberanwa, Tendai Mukomberanwa, Netsai Mukomberanwa, and the youngestEnnica Mukomberanwa.  - Taguma Mukomberanwa (born 1978) is a Zimbabwean sculptor. The son of Nicholas Mukomberanwa, he is the brother of sculptors Anderson, Lawrence, Ennica, and Netsai Mukomberanwa, and the cousin of Nesbert Mukomberanwa.  - Nicholas Mukomberanwa ( 1940 - 12 November 2002 ) was a Zimbabwean sculptor and art teacher . He was among the most famous products of the Workshop School at the National Gallery of Zimbabwe and an art mentor and teacher to the Mukomberanwa Family of sculptors . His work has been exhibited in galleries around the world and he remains one of Zimbabwe 's most famous artists .    What is the relationship between 'nicholas mukomberanwa' and 'grace mukomberanwa'?