Summarize this article in one sentence.
A good headshot is critical to getting roles. Casting directors may see your headshot and call you in for auditions. Look online for photographers that specialize in headshots in your area and give them a call to schedule an appointment. Headshots exist to inform the casting director of your look, age, and who you are.  Make sure to get makeup and hair done before the headshot so you look your best. Consider including a shot that shows your natural apprentice too. Professional level headshots can be expensive and range anywhere from $400 - $1,200 (US Dollars)  Be as natural as you can in your headshot, and avoid over-editing or makeup so the casting director knows what to expect when you audition. A good agent will have existing network connections in the industry and be able to get you auditions for roles that you wouldn't be able to get yourself. Set up meetings with management agencies and talk to different people in the industry to get referrals. Agents also negotiate pay in some circumstances as well.  Many agents charge you 10% of your earnings.  Agents also help you prepare for auditions and can impart useful knowledge about a career in acting to you. Make sure to thoroughly look through any contract with an attorney or similar qualified professional before signing any agreements or contracts. Networking in the acting industry is critically important and it can help you land roles if you know the right people. Make sure to keep in touch with directors and other actors and actresses and you may be the first in mind for a specific role.  Remember to be pleasant and be easy to work with and talk with. If you get a bad reputation, it may make it harder for your to get auditions. Many actors will continue to work with the same people through their career.  Never turn down the opportunity to attend a meeting to talk about a potential role or a new project someone is working on. You won’t get all of the roles you audition for, but it doesn’t mean you should throw in the towel. Continue to hone your craft and network in the industry, and you’ll eventually you’ll be able to become a famous actress.  Matt Le Blanc struggled to land a role for years before he ended up on the hit show “Friends” in 1994.  If you keep getting rejected for the same roles, try to switch up the types of roles you’re auditioning for. Agent workshops or showcases are opportunities for actors to showcase their skills in front of casting directors or producers. Actors attend these workshops and do read scripts to potentially land roles in the future. Make sure that when you attend one of these workshops you’re dressed well and you’ve prepared a monologue. There are sometimes open opportunities for actors to land a role in a movie or play depending on where you live. Most open casting calls require the actor have a head shot, and a resume of past performance.  Starting as an extra will give you insight into film production and performance. Don’t turn these opportunities down. Don’t turn down opportunities to do commercials. Dakota Fanning, Farrah Fawcett, and Jodie Foster all starred in commercials before hitting the big screen.