News article:

A South Milwaukee woman is facing three counts of child neglect after allegedly leaving three small children alone in her car at the Cudahy Kmart. 
  
 Ashley Pirlot, 26, is facing a maximum penalty of nearly eight years in prison if convicted. 
  
 According to a criminal complaint, Cudahy Police were called to the Kmart for three small children left alone in the car last Friday. 
  
 The car was unlocked and it was 35 degrees out when the children were found. 
  
 Pirlot, the children’s mother was found in the store. When asked why she didn’t bring the children in with her, she said she “couldn’t fit all the kids in the shopping cart and she did not want to deal with seat belts and the kids running around the store.” 
  
 Pirlot said she was in the store for seven or eight minutes. Police said surveillance footage showed she was in the store for about 17 minutes before she came up to the officers. 
  
 She also said when she was a child, her mother was arrested for leaving Pirlot and her sister in a car while she watched a Packers game. ||||| Police lights (Photo: File) 
  
 A South Milwaukee woman charged with leaving her three young children alone in a car while she shopped at Kmart told police her mother had been arrested for doing the same thing when she was a child. 
  
 Ashley L. Pirlot, 26, was arrested Nov. 16 after two women called police when they saw the kids alone inside a car in the parking lot of Kmart in Cudahy. She was charged with three counts of neglect of a child. Two counts are felonies and the third is a misdemeanor. 
  
 According to the criminal complaint: 
  
 A 17-month-old girl was found in a booster seat wearing a pajama onesie partially unzipped in outside temperatures of 35 degrees. A 6 1/2-month-old girl was in an infant carrier with a blanket though her bare feet were sticking out from the blanket and a plastic bag within reach posed a choking hazard. 
  
 A girl who had turned 6 the day before her mother's arrest told police she was hungry and had not eaten in awhile. Cudahy officers noticed the younger children's diapers were dirty. 
  
 Police paged Pirlot inside Kmart and she told them she asked the 6-year-old girl to watch her sisters because she couldn't fit all three in a shopping cart and didn't want to deal with seat belting the kids in a cart. Pirlot told officers that her mother had been arrested for leaving her in a vehicle when she was a baby while her mother watched a Packers game. 
  
 Pirlot said she thought she had been inside the store for seven or eight minutes before police paged her. Surveillance video showed Pirlot was in Kmart for approximately 17 minutes before police arrived. 
  
 When Cudahy police noticed there were no diapers, formula, food or drink cups in the car for the children, they purchased diapers for Pirlot's two youngest daughters and provided them with food and water. 
  
 Want more stories like this? Subscribe to the Journal Sentinel today. 
  
 Read or Share this story: https://www.jsonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/11/22/south-milwaukee-woman-shopped-while-her-kids-were-left-cold-car/2088634002/ |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?