Problem:Television finally came to Atlanta-area and northern-and upper central-Georgia viewers on September 29, 1948 (called "T-Day" by the Journal) with the debut of WSB-TV, broadcasting on VHF channel 8. The newspaper led up to the TV station's launch, with front-page countdowns designed to boost excitement and sell TV sets. The inaugural WSB-TV program, which began with a recording of "The Star Spangled Banner" and a close-up shot of a tiny American flag waving in the wind powered by an electric fan, featured announcer John Cone ("WSB-TV is on the air!"), newscaster Jimmy Bridges, and a host of local dignitaries.

Based on this passage, when did the south’s first television station wsb-tv atlanta ga begin operation?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: Television finally came to Atlanta-area and northern-and upper central-Georgia viewers on September 29, 1948 (called "T-Day" by the Journal) with the debut of WSB-TV, broadcasting on VHF channel 8.
September 29 , 1948.

Student A:The lyrics tell the listener that "things are gon na get easier" in times of strife. The song's uplifting message helped it to become popular among pop and rhythm and blues audiences when it was released.

Answer this question based on the passage: ooh child things are gonna get easier meaning?
Student B:OK... The important part for answering this question is: The lyrics tell the listener that "things are gon na get easier" in times of strife.
`` things are gon na get easier '' in times of strife.

Problem:Context: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO / ˈneɪtoʊ /; French: Organisation du Traité de l'Atlantique Nord; OTAN), also called the North Atlantic Alliance, is an intergovernmental military alliance between several North American and European states based on the North Atlantic Treaty that was signed on 4 April 1949.

Question: what do the letters in nato stand for?
Solution:OK... To answer the question, consider the following: The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO / ˈneɪtoʊ /; French: Organisation du Traité de l'Atlantique Nord; OTAN), also called the North Atlantic Alliance, is an intergovernmental military alliance between several North American and European states based on the North Atlantic Treaty that was signed on 4 April 1949.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization.

Problem:Passage: Historically, rubies have also been mined in Thailand, in the Pailin and Samlout District of Cambodia, as well as in Afghanistan, Australia, Brazil, Colombia, India, Namibia, Japan, and Scotland; after the Second World War ruby deposits were found in Madagascar, Nepal, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Tanzania, and Vietnam. In Sri Lanka, lighter shades of rubies (often "pink sapphires") are more commonly found. Republic of Macedonia is the only country in mainland Europe to have naturally occurring rubies. They can mainly be found around the city of Prilep. Macedonian ruby has a unique raspberry color. The ruby is also included on the Macedonian Coat of Arms. A few rubies have been found in the U.S. states of Montana, North Carolina, South Carolina and Wyoming.

Question: Based on this passage, where can rubies be found in the us?
Solution: