Information:  - A board game is a tabletop game that involves counters or moved or placed on a pre-marked surface or "board", according to a set of rules. Some games are based on pure strategy, but many contain an element of chance; and some are purely chance, with no element of skill.  - Downfall is a two - player game for players aged 7 and older , first marketed by the Milton Bradley Company in 1970 . The game consists of a vertical board with five slotted dials on each side . Each player starts with ten numbered tokens or discs at the top of the board . The object of the game is to move the discs to the bottom of the board by turning the dials . Players alternate turns moving the dials and can not move a dial that their opponent has just moved . The winner is the first player to move all of their discs into the tray at the bottom . An advanced version of the rules dictates that the discs arrive in the tray in numerical order . Since neither player can see the other 's board , it is common to inadvertently advance the opponent 's disc . The game rewards forward thinking and planning ; players may try to `` trap '' their opponent into turning a dial that will advance their own disc , while trying to ensure that their own discs are not caught and dropped out of order . The game is currently available in the UK under the name New Downfall , manufactured and marketed by Hasbro . The new version follows the same rules but has a more futuristic design in red and yellow . The game 's box art is parodied on the cover of Expert Knob Twiddlers , an album by Aphex Twin and Mike Paradinas .  - Milton Bradley (November 8, 1836  May 30, 1911) was an American business magnate, game pioneer and publisher, credited by many with launching the board game industry, with the Milton Bradley Company.  - The Milton Bradley Company was an American board game manufacturer established by Milton Bradley in Springfield, Massachusetts, in 1860. In 1920, it absorbed the game production of McLoughlin Brothers, formerly the largest game manufacturer in the United States.  - McLoughlin Bros., Inc. was a New York publishing firm active between 1828 and 1920. The company was a pioneer in color printing technologies in children's books. The company specialized in retellings or bowdlerizations of classic stories for children. The artistic and commercial roots of the McLoughlin firm were first developed by John McLoughlin, Jr. (18271905) who made his younger brother Edmund McLoughlin (1833 or 4-1889) a partner in 1855. By 1886, the firm published a wide range of items, including cheap chapbooks, large folio picture books, linen books, puzzles, games, paper soldiers and paper dolls. Many of the earliest and most valuable board games in America were produced by McLoughlin Brothers of New York. In 1920 the corporation was sold to Milton Bradley & Company. McLoughlin ceased game production at this time, but continued publishing their picture books.    What object entity has the relation of 'instance of' with the subject 'downfall '?   Choices: - board game  - company  - game  - manufacturer  - may  - november  - publishing  - set  - skill  - strategy  - tabletop game  - time
A: