Question: When he sits with two seniors, Sam (Emma Watson) and her stepbrother Patrick (Ezra Miller), at a football game, they invite him to join them to several social activities. At a party, Charlie unwittingly eats a cannabis brownie, gets high and discloses to Sam that the year before, his best friend committed suicide. He also walks in on Patrick and Brad (Johnny Simmons), a popular athlete, kissing. Sam realizes that Charlie has no other friends so she and Patrick make a special effort to bring Charlie into their group. Sam needs to improve her SAT scores to be accepted to Pennsylvania State University, so Charlie offers to tutor her. On the way home from the party, when the three hear a song with which they are unfamiliar, Sam instructs Patrick to drive through a tunnel so she can stand up in the back of the pickup while the music blasts.

Based on this passage, who does patrick date in perks of being a wallflower?
Answer: The relevant information to answer the above question is: He also walks in on Patrick and Brad (Johnny Simmons), a popular athlete, kissing. The answer is Brad ( Johnny Simmons ).

Question: The speed of sound in an ideal gas depends only on its temperature and composition. The speed has a weak dependence on frequency and pressure in ordinary air, deviating slightly from ideal behavior.

The speed of sound wave in air depends on?
Answer: The relevant information to answer the above question is: The speed has a weak dependence on frequency and pressure in ordinary air, deviating slightly from ideal behavior. The answer is frequency and pressure.

Question: The Intolerable Acts were the American Patriots' term for a series of punitive laws passed by the British Parliament in 1774 after the Boston Tea Party. They were meant to punish the Massachusetts colonists for their defiance of throwing a large tea shipment into Boston Harbor in reaction to changes in taxation by the British to the detriment of Colonial goods. In Great Britain, these laws were referred to as the Coercive Acts.

What prompted the passage of the intolerable acts by parliament?
Answer: To answer the question, consider the following: The Intolerable Acts were the American Patriots' term for a series of punitive laws passed by the British Parliament in 1774 after the Boston Tea Party. The answer is the Boston Tea Party.

Question: The Maine Coon is the largest breed of domestic cat. On average, males weigh from 13 to 18 lb (5.9 to 8.2 kg) with females weighing from 8 to 12 lb (3.6 to 5.4 kg). The height of adults can vary between 10 and 16 in (25 and 41 cm) and they can reach a length of up to 48 in (120 cm), including the tail, which can reach a length of 14 in (36 cm) and is long, tapering, and heavily furred, almost resembling a raccoon's tail. The body is solid and muscular, which is necessary for supporting their own weight, and the chest is broad. Maine Coons possess a rectangular body shape and are slow to physically mature; their full potential size is normally not reached until they are three to five years old, while other cats take about one year.

Based on this passage, how long does it take for a maine coon cat to be fully grown?
Answer: