Please answer the following question: Information:  - The Matrix is a 1999 science fiction film written and directed by The Wachowskis, starring Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, Carrie-Anne Moss, Hugo Weaving, and Joe Pantoliano. It depicts a dystopian future in which reality as perceived by most humans is actually a simulated reality called "the Matrix", created by sentient machines to subdue the human population, while their bodies' heat and electrical activity are used as an energy source. Computer programmer "Neo" learns this truth and is drawn into a rebellion against the machines, which involves other people who have been freed from the "dream world".  - Lana Wachowski (formerly Laurence "Larry" Wachowski, born June 21, 1965) and Lilly Wachowski (formerly Andrew Paul "Andy" Wachowski, born December 29, 1967) are sister American film directors, screenwriters, and producers. They are both transwomen. Known together professionally as The Wachowskis and formerly as The Wachowski Brothers, the pair made their directing debut in 1996 with "Bound", and reached fame with their second film "The Matrix" (1999), a major box office success for which they won the Saturn Award for Best Director. They wrote and directed its two sequels: "The Matrix Reloaded" and "The Matrix Revolutions" (both in 2003), and were deeply involved in the writing and production of other works in the franchise.  - Run Lola Run (literally "Lola runs") is a 1998 German thriller film written and directed by Tom Tykwer, and starring Franka Potente as Lola and Moritz Bleibtreu as Manni. The story follows a woman who needs to obtain 100,000 Deutsche Mark in twenty minutes to save her boyfriend's life. The film's three scenarios are reminiscent of the 1981 Krzysztof Kielowski film "Blind Chance"; following Kielowski's death, Tykwer directed his planned film "Heaven".  - Tom Tykwer ( German : ( tkv ) ; born 23 May 1965 ) is a German film director , producer , screenwriter , and composer . He is best known internationally for directing the thrillers Run Lola Run ( 1998 ) , Heaven ( 2002 ) , and Perfume : The Story of a Murderer ( 2006 ) , the action thriller The International ( 2009 ) , and collaborated with The Wachowskis for the science fiction film Cloud Atlas ( 2012 ) and Sense8 ( 2015 ) .  - Franka Potente (born 22 July 1974) is a German actress and singer. She first appeared in the comedy "After Five in the Forest Primeval" (1995), for which she won a Bavarian Film Award for Best Young Actress. Her breakthrough came in 1998, when she had the leading role in the acclaimed action thriller "Lola rennt" (released in English as "Run Lola Run"). Potente received Germany's highest film and television awards for her performances in "Run Lola Run" and the television film "Opernball". After half a decade of critically acclaimed roles in German films, Potente went on to land the role of Barbara Buckley in "Blow" (2001), and Jason Bourne's love interest in the "Bourne" film series.    Given the information above, choose from the list below the object entity that exhibits the relation 'partner' with the subject 'tom tykwer'.  Choices: - franka potente  - future  - neo  - tom tykwer
A: