Idea for the Q&A below: This is the relevant information: Golden Hind was an English galleon best known for her privateering circumnavigation of the globe between 1577 and 1580, captained by Sir Francis Drake.
Q: Golden Hind was an English galleon best known for her privateering circumnavigation of the globe between 1577 and 1580, captained by Sir Francis Drake. She was originally known as Pelican, but was renamed by Drake mid-voyage in 1578, in honour of his patron, Sir Christopher Hatton, whose crest was a golden' hind' (a female red deer). Hatton was one of the principal sponsors of Drake's world voyage. There is one full-size replica in existence in London, on the south bank of the Thames.

Answer this question based on the passage: which 16th-century explorer sailed around the world in a ship called the golden hinde?
A: Sir Francis Drake

Idea for the Q&A below: To answer the question, consider the following: It was in the area of architecture that Roman art produced its greatest innovations.
Q: It was in the area of architecture that Roman art produced its greatest innovations. Because the Roman Empire extended over so great of an area and included so many urbanized areas, Roman engineers developed methods for city building on a grand scale, including the use of concrete. Massive buildings like the Pantheon and the Colosseum could never have been constructed with previous materials and methods. Though concrete had been invented a thousand years earlier in the Near East, the Romans extended its use from fortifications to their most impressive buildings and monuments, capitalizing on the material's strength and low cost. The concrete core was covered with a plaster, brick, stone, or marble veneer, and decorative polychrome and gold-gilded sculpture was often added to produce a dazzling effect of power and wealth.

Based on this passage, in which form of art were the romans most innovative?
A: architecture

Idea for the Q&A below: To answer this question, we should know that: Historically, it is often used to describe the assimilation of immigrants to the United States.
Q: Context: The melting pot is a monocultural metaphor for a heterogeneous society becoming more homogeneous, the different elements "melting together" into a harmonious whole with a common culture or vice versa, for a homogeneous society becoming more heterogeneous through the influx of foreign elements with different cultural background with a potential creation of disharmony with the previous culture. Historically, it is often used to describe the assimilation of immigrants to the United States. The melting-together metaphor was in use by the 1780s. The exact term "melting pot" came into general usage in the United States after it was used as a metaphor describing a fusion of nationalities, cultures and ethnicities in the 1908 play of the same name.

Question: what process is the central idea behind americas melting pot?
A: assimilation

Idea for the Q&A below: The relevant information to answer the above question is: With the success of the driving ban, having no vehicular incidents, 1998 saw a return to the Black Rock desert, along with a temporary perimeter fence.
