Summarize the following:
Create a record of your dairy consumption and symptoms from day to day. Keep track of what dairy foods you eat (milk, yogurt, ice cream, cheese, cottage cheese), the serving size, what time you eat them, and what you eat with them. In another column, keep track of when you have symptoms, what the symptoms are, and how long they last. This can help you and your doctor make a diagnosis, and figure out which foods are most likely to give you symptoms. Use a notebook, journal, online tool like excel or Google Docs, or wall chart – whatever helps you stay organized. If you want to keep your symptoms private, use something hand-held that only you can access. If you think you may be lactose intolerant, try to avoid eating dairy for a couple days or even 1-2 weeks. Make note of whether or not your symptoms subside or go away. Inform your doctor if your symptoms improve when you don’t have dairy. Bloating, cramps, gas, diarrhea, or stomach noise after eating might be caused by lactose intolerance. However, you want to be sure you know what is causing your symptoms, and rule out any other possible reasons for your stomach upset. Make a doctor’s appointment to get tested, and discuss the possible cause of your lactose intolerance. There are a few different kinds of tests that your doctor can do:  For a lactose tolerance test, you drink a liquid containing lots of lactose and have a blood test done two hours later. For the hydrogen breath test you also drink a high-lactose liquid, and then your doctor measures how much hydrogen is in your breath at set intervals. A stool acidity test simply checks a stool sample; it is used for infants or children who can’t do the other tests. It might feel stressful if you have to change your diet, and you might be worried about what others will think. Fortunately, many people eat specific diets and you can explain your condition to others however you want to. Be vague, offer a simple explanation, or – if you want – wow others with your scientific knowledge!  It’s okay to say simply, “Dairy upsets my stomach so I try to stay away from it,” or, “If I have too much milk, I feel sick.” You can also be specific, if you want to educate others. Say something like, “I’m lactose intolerant because I don’t have enough of the enzyme in my body that breaks down the sugar in milk, lactose.” Some people might think that if you drink a sip of milk or can eat yogurt, you’re lying about being lactose intolerant. Many people simply don’t understand the condition. Explain that most people who are lactose intolerant can eat some dairy products and not others, or dairy in small amounts.  You can try to explain to people using an example, such as, “It probably wouldn’t affect you very much if you drink half a cup of coffee, but if you drink four espressos you might feel jittery, right? That’s how I am with dairy – a little is okay, a lot makes me feel sick.” You can also explain that you’re not allergic to milk, so drinking it isn't unsafe. Explain that it’s the sugar in dairy that upsets your stomach, and there’s more milk sugar in some things (like whole milk) than others (like dairy and hard cheeses).

Summary: