Background: The Corrs are an Irish band that combine pop rock with traditional Irish themes within their music. The group consists of the Corr siblings; Andrea (lead vocals, tin whistle, ukulele); Sharon (violin, vocals); Caroline (drums, percussion, piano, bodhran, vocals) and Jim (guitar, piano, keyboards, vocals). They are from Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland. The Corrs have released seven studio albums and numerous singles, which have reached Platinum in many countries, and have sold 40 million albums worldwide.
Context: In 2000, The Corrs returned to mainstream success with their third album. Unlike their previous albums, In Blue moved towards mainstream pop. In Blue hit number one in its first sales week in the UK, Ireland, Australia, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and debuted at No. 2 in France and Norway. It climbed to the top spot during its second week in Sweden and Spain.  The Corrs worked with Alejandro Sanz on In Blue, recording "Una Noche (One Night)", a duet between Sanz and Andrea Corr; Sanz played Andrea's love interest in the music video. In return, The Corrs performed "Me Ire (The Hardest Day)" with him on his album, El Alma Al Aire. The Corrs collaborated with Robert Lange to produce a mainstream hit single, "Breathless", which reached number 20 in the Billboard Hot 100, number seven in Australia, number three in Ireland and New Zealand, and topped the charts in the UK. The album went straight to number one in the Irish Albums Chart, the third highest single-week sales in the history of the charts, behind U2's The Best of 1980-1990 and Oasis' Be Here Now. In Blue achieved Platinum sales in the US, double platinum in the UK, and 4x Platinum in Australia.  During the production of the album, the Corrs' mother, Jean, died while waiting for a lung transplant. She was buried at St. Patrick's cemetery in Dundalk and Bono, Larry Mullen, Jr., Brian Kennedy and Paul Brady were among the congregation at the funeral. "No More Cry", written by Andrea and Caroline Corr for the album, was written to help their father get over his grief.  In 2001, The Corrs released their first compilation album, Best of The Corrs. The album featured previously released songs and new tracks, such as the singles "Would You Be Happier?", "Make You Mine" and "Lifting Me". The album did not chart highly in Ireland but reached Platinum status in Australia. The Corrs collaborated with Josh Groban, recording Canto Alla Vita, for his eponymous debut album.  When the band returned to Ireland, they hosted another live concert at Ardmore Studios, where they previously performed for the MTV's Unplugged series. Guest performers included Bono from U2 and Ronnie Wood from The Rolling Stones. During the concert, Bono joined Andrea Corr for a duet of Nancy Sinatra's "Summer Wine" and a performance of Ryan Adams' "When the Stars Go Blue". Ronnie Wood joined the band onstage to play guitar on their version of Jimi Hendrix's "Little Wing" and the Rolling Stones' "Ruby Tuesday". These performances were recorded and compiled on a live album, VH1 Presents: The Corrs, Live in Dublin, which was released in the UK.
Question: what was different about this album?. Whats the answer?