Article: Making your own sugar wax is simple but yet a true art. Get your things together and become self-reliant.  2 cups (400 g) white sugar 1/4 cup (30 mL) lemon juice, orange juice (squeezed), or vinegar 1/4 cup (180 mL) water Waxing strips (from the store or a piece of cotton fabric/t-shirt) Use a large stainless steel pan. If you use an old, decaying pan, some of it may end up swimming in your wax. Get them to a boil and reduce to medium. Stir occasionally.  Watch the pot! Undercooking is reparable; overcooking is not. If it starts boiling again, lower the heat. The wax should slowly turn from translucent to a honey brown. When you reach this point, take it off the heat immediately.  This part is a true science; it can take anywhere from 6-20 minutes. Take a butter knife and see how thick it is (don't touch it!). If it seems to thickly move and stick as it goes, it's ready. Try dropping it in a glass of water. If it immediately forms a bead and doesn't trail, you're good. If it's runny and not at all wax-like, pitch it in the trash (not the sink) and start over. ...But not too much. Let it cool to the point where it's hot but doesn't burn you. You may have to learn this the hard way. If it cools too much, it will lose its stick. However, it can be reheated. If you've poured it into a microwaveable container, nuke it till it's malleable again. You should start with a clean base. Apply baby/talcum powder to the area. Make sure every last bit is dry! As you go, you may need to reheat your wax or apply more powder. Apply more powder if you experience more pain or start to sweat. The level of pain depends on you. For some women, it's not a problem. Don't let this deter you. This can be done with a butter knife. If it's too hot, wait a bit. If it's too cold, it won't tear off the hair 100% and will need to be reheated.  Apply in the direction of the hair. Try to have about 1/4 - 1/2 an inch (.63 - 1.2 cm) before you go about waxing; the concoction needs something to adhere to; however, too long and it makes things difficult. Place a mirror between your legs to get a good look at your undersides. Start nearest your navel. Rub the strips into the wax a bit to ensure a clean removal.  You can use waxing strips from the store or cut up an old cotton t-shirt. Sugar wax is water-soluble and your strips can be used more than once, if cleaned immediately and thoroughly. Cut your strips in 1-2 in (2.5-5 cm) strips. The smaller ones can be used for clean-up or hard to reach places. Do one or two at a time to keep it manageable. The last thing you want is a bunch of cotton strips stuck down there.  Leave the strip on the area for around 30 seconds, depending on its size. Rip it off (quickly!) in the opposite direction of hair growth. The quicker the better; you'll experience less pain if you go faster.  Repeat this until all the hair is gone. If you have sensitive skin, you may want to apply an oil or lotion to calm the area. Use tweezers to grab any strays. Of course, clean up any mess you've made, too! Wax can get a bit difficult to deal with when hardened and the sugar may attract ants if left out for an extended period of time.

What is a summary?