When snow began falling across northern England last week four excited sisters rushed to windows of their house to await the first flakes of winter, eager to build a snowman. But Kacey, nine, Heidi, seven, Maisy, five and Erin Reynolds, four, were left bitterly disappointed when their village of Poppelton, near York, remained frost-free. However, not to be deterred, father Nick, 48, packed the family into his van and drove more than 40 miles to the North York Moors where several inches of snow had fallen over previous weeks. Snowy: (Left to right) Erin, four, Kacey, nine, Heidi, seven and Maisy Reynolds, five, pose with father Nick, 48, with the snowman they made despite their village near York remaining frost-free. Hero: Mr Reynolds drove his daughters 40 miles to the North York Moors to build Snowy after no snow fell on Poppleton, just outside York where the family lives with mother Joanne, 42. Once there the group used stones, planks of wood, sunglasses and a hardhat to build a snowman, who they named Snowy. But when the time came to leave the girls couldn't bear to be parted with their creation - so dad Nick helped them dismantle it, roll it into his van, and transported it back home. Snowy has now taken pride of place at the end of the family driveway, leaving other residents baffled because there is no snow for miles around. Mother Joanne, 42, said: 'They built a snowman and brought the snowman home by dismantling him and rolling him into their dad’s van. Joy: The girls constructed Snowy on Sunday using planks of wood, gloves, stones, sunglasses a scarf and hardhat, but when it came time for them to leave him behind they couldn't bare to do it. Far from home: Mr Reynolds helped the girls to carefully dismantle the snowman, roll it into the back of his van, and then drove it an hour home before reassembling it at the end of their drive. Freezing: While there has been no snow in Poppleton, the sub-zero temperatures of recent days have meant the snowman lives on, much to the bemusement of passers-by. 'We could not believe the response. People have been coming taking photographs. People have been going out of their way to see it.' Mr Reynolds, who helps to run a landscaping business with his wife, had promised his daughters they would go sledging once the snow came. But when the wet weather didn't make it to them, he said he would take them to the snow instead, and they drove off in search of some on Sunday. Job well done: Mrs Reynolds said that Snowy has brought joy to the village of Poppleton, with people diverting from miles around to come and see him and take pictures. Standing out: Residents have been left scratching their heads by the snowman which has appeared in the centre of Poppleton despite there being no snow for miles around. Since bringing him back to his new home on their front lawn, passers-by have been scratching their heads wondering where he came from. Mrs Reynolds added: 'One woman asked if it was real snow. We have just had comments galore. It’s just brought a lot of joy to Poppleton.' She added: 'There are lots of school children that go past and they just stop and stare.'
What are the important parts of this article?