Write highlights for this article:

By. Damien Gayle. Toronto's controversial mayor Rob Ford last night vowed to have another 'crack' at nixing his city's land transfer tax at his first campaign debate since leaving rehab. The quip provoked raucous laughter from a spirited audience at a church in the Toronto's Scarborough district, which was split between vocal supporters and opponents of the mayor. Seeking re-election after a term marred by scandal, including being forced to admit smoking crack cocaine, Mr Ford faced rival candidates as the race began for October's municipal poll in earnest. Toronto Mayor Rob Ford at a campaign debate in Scarborough, Ontario, last night where he attempted to portray a stellar track record in office as the race begins for the next mayoral election in October. 'I have proven in the last 14 years in government that I’ve watched every single one of your tax dollars,' said the mayor, to a chorus of cheers and jeers, according to Global News. 'I have created jobs, I have worked with youth, nobody’s worked with youth closer than I have ... folks, my record speaks for itself. It’s a record of success, success, success.' Mr Ford, 45, only returned to work a fortnight ago after spending two months at the Greenstone rehab centre in Bala, Ontario. He sought help after another video surfaced that apparently showed him smoking crack; Ford admitted last year that he had smoked crack in a 'drunken stupor' after reports of a similar video, following months of denials. Even since returning to the mayor's office, a largely symbolic role after his powers were stripped by the city council, he has admitted that he can't guarantee that he'll never relapse. But Mr Ford's proclivity for crack, a highly addictive derivative of cocaine, seems to have had little impact on his supporters, who booed each time one of his rivals mentioned their man's drug use. Supporters dressed in 'Ford Nation' T-shirts, pins and flags heckled his political opponents and yelled in support each time he spoke on stage. Mayoral contender Olivia Chow, left, applauds during the debate, where she pointed out that, contrary to Mr Ford's assertions to have created jobs, one in five young people in the area are out of work. Mr Ford's opponents came armed with sharp barbs, directly contradicting his claims to have looked after public spending and increase employment. Olivia Chow, of the New Democratic Party, said: 'Mr. Ford, your record is clear: one out of five young people cannot find a job. How is it that Scarborough is booming?' Progressive Conservative candidate John Tory pointed out that two municipal renovations, of Union Station and Nathan Phillips Square, had run over budget. 'Project after project after project, on your watch, when you’re the mayor,' he was quoted by the Toronto Star as saying. 'We know what you were doing — it wasn’t managing the taxpayers’ money!' Mr Ford's activities while in office have earned him global notoriety, something which Mr Tory commented on as candidates left the hustings last night. 'He’s a laughing stock. People all over the world know who Rob Ford is, but they know it in a bad way,' he was quoted by Global News as saying.