Please answer the following question: Information:  - Garstang is an old market town and civil parish within the Wyre borough of Lancashire, England. It is north of the city of Preston and the same distance south of Lancaster. In 2011, the parish had a total resident population of 4,268; the larger Garstang Built-up Area, which includes the adjoining settlements of Bonds and Cabus, had population of 6,779. Garstang is famous for being the world's first ever Fairtrade Town.  - In England, a civil parish is a territorial designation which is the lowest tier of local government below districts and counties, or their combined form, the unitary authority. It is an administrative parish, in contrast to an ecclesiastical parish.  - The Fair Trade Towns campaign is the result of a grass-roots citizens movement that started in the UK in 2001 (see below). It allows citizens to get together in order to self-proclaim their town (or other local geographical area) as a region that complies with a few general Fair Trade criteria, that can be adapted from country to country but which retain their main elements.  - Lancashire (; archaically the County Palatine of Lancaster; abbreviated Lancs.) is a non-metropolitan ceremonial county in north west England. The county town is Lancaster although the county's administrative centre is Preston. The county has a population of 1,449,300 and an area of . People from Lancashire are known as Lancastrians.  - North West England, one of nine official regions of England, consists of the five counties of Cheshire, Cumbria, Greater Manchester, Lancashire and Merseyside. The North West had a population of 7,052,000 in 2011. It is the third most populated region in the United Kingdom after the South East and Greater London.  - A County town is usually the location of administrative or judicial functions within the county, or it has been established over time as the "de facto" main town of a county. The concept of a county town eventually became detached from its original meaning of where the county administration or county hall is based. In fact, many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county. For example, Nottingham is administered by a unitary authority entirely separate from the rest of Nottinghamshire. Many county towns are classified as cities, but all are referred to as county towns regardless of whether city status is held or not.  - Cabus is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England. It lies 12 miles north of Preston, 9 miles south of Lancaster and 16 miles north east of Blackpool.   - Mary Anne Hobbs ( born 16 May 1964 ) is an English DJ and music journalist from Garstang , Lancashire , England . She currently hosts the BBC 6 Music Weekend Breakfast shows , Saturday and Sunday 7 - 10am , and her 6 Music Recommends show , Wednesday night into Thursday morning 12midnight - 1am .  - Wyre is a local government district with borough status in Lancashire, England. The population of the Non-metropolitan district at the 2011 census was 107,749. Its council is based in Poulton-le-Fylde.    Given the information, choose the subject and object entities that have the relation of 'place of birth'.
Answer: