By. Tom Mctague, Mail online Deputy Political Editor. Veteran Labour MP Austin Mitchell was elected MP for Great Grimsby in 1977 but will step down at the next election. A veteran Labour MP has claimed the 'problem' with female politicians is that they care too much about issues which are relevant to ordinary people. Austin Mitchell, the Labour MP for Grimsby, said the increasing number of women in the Commons would be 'less inclined to discuss the big issues'. His remarks, on the BBC's Woman's Hour this morning, sparked fury and calls for the Labour leader Ed Miliband to make it clear he disagrees. It comes after Mr Mitchell this weekend claimed that the growing number of female MPs in the Labour party was making it too ‘gentle’ to wield power after the next election. Mr Mitchell, 79, said he was worried about the falling number of experienced men in the party because the party will be full of ‘amenable and leadable’ women obsessed with feminism. The Labour MP, who is stepping down at the next election, said Labour was becoming more ‘family-friendly, gentler’ but ‘less prepared for all-night shenanigans of the parliamentary kind’. Speaking today, Mr Mitchell attempted to explain his remarks. He said: 'I think the problem is simply this, that parliament with more women is going to be more anxious to discuss issues relevant to the people, that is to say family issues, social issues. 'And less inclined to discuss big issues like should we invade Iraq.' But Tory Defence Minister Anna Soubry dismissed the remarks. She said: 'Austin Mitchell’s at it again, talking nonsense and insulting women with his absurd theories. To say that women don’t care about the big issues is just not true. 'Ed Miliband should make it absolutely clear he doesn’t agree with Mitchell’s ridiculous remarks.' Mr Mitchell said the parliamentary Labour party was undergoing ‘the biggest process of feminisation and rejuvenation embarked on since fabulous pink Camay soap promised to make us look a little lovelier each day’. But he added: ‘Whatever the state of Labour’s policies for the next Election, there is little doubt that it will be fought by a younger, more attractive body of candidates. Almost half of Labour's cabinet are women and Ed Miliband is understood to want to hit 50 per cent by the next election - up from 44 per cent today. Labour's leading women, pictured here, from left back row: Caroline Flint, Angela Eagle, Maria Eagle, Rosie Winterton, Emily Thornberry, Margaret Curran, Baronness Royall. Front row: Rachel Reeves, Liz Kendal, Harriet Harman, Yvette Cooper, Mary Creagh and Tessa Jowell. Labour introduced all women shortlists in 1993 and has since seen a surge in the number of female MPs - 81 out of 257. But Mr Mitchell said all-women shortlists were being imposed on regions such as Yorkshire and the North as a form of punishment ‘for their earlier male chauvinism’. He said: ‘If Labour wins in 2015, how a family-friendly, gentler party, less prepared for all-night shenanigans of the parliamentary kind, will face up to Tory hooligans who feel they’ve been unjustly deprived of a power that’s their due, is a more worrying matter.’

Write highlights for this article.