Answer the following question: Information:  - Alfonso Ferrero , Cavaliere La Marmora ( Italian pronunciation : ( alfnso la marmora ) ; November 18 , 1804 -- January 5 , 1878 ) was an Italian general and statesman . His older brothers include soldier and naturalist Alberto della Marmora and Alessandro La Marmora , founder of the branch of the Italian army now called the Bersaglieri .  - The Kingdom of Sardinia was a state in Southern Europe which existed from the early 14th until the mid-19th century. It was the predecessor state of today's Italy.  - The Italian Army (Italian: Esercito Italiano; EI) is the land defence force of the Italian Armed Forces of the Italian Republic. The army's history dates back to the unification of Italy in the 1850s and 1860s. The army fought in colonial engagements in China, Libya (19111912), northern Italy against the Austro-Hungarian Empire during World War I, Abyssinia before World War II, and in World War II in Albania, Greece, north Africa, Russia and Italy itself. During the Cold War the army prepared itself to defend against a Warsaw Pact invasion from the east. Since the end of the Cold War the army has seen extensive peacekeeping service and combat in Afghanistan and Iraq.  - The Royal Italian Army (Italian: "Regio Esercito Italiano") was the army of the Kingdom of Italy from the unification of Italy in 1861 to the birth of the Italian Republic in 1946. In World War II the Royal Army fought first as part of the Axis (193943) and then as part of the Allies (194345). After the monarchy ended, the army changed its name to become the Italian Army ("Esercito Italiano").  - Alberto Ferrero La Marmora (or Della Marmora; 7 April 1789  18 March 1863) was an Italian soldier and naturalist. He was elder brother to Alessandro Ferrero La Marmora, soldier and founder of the Bersaglieri, and to Alfonso Ferrero La Marmora, Italian general and statesman.  - Alessandro Ferrero La Marmora (March 27, 1799 in Turin, Kingdom of Sardinia  June 7, 1855 in Balaklava, Russian Empire) was an Italian general who is best remembered for founding the military unit known as the Bersaglieri. Two of his brothers were Alfonso Ferrero La Marmora and Alberto Ferrero la Marmora, the naturalist.  - The Bersaglieri (Marksmen in English) are a corps of the Italian Army originally created by General Alessandro La Marmora on 18 June 1836 to serve in the Army of the Kingdom of Sardinia, later to become the Royal Italian Army. They have always been a high-mobility light infantry unit, and can still be recognized by the distinctive wide brimmed hat that they wear (only in dress uniform in modern times), decorated with black capercaillie feathers. The feathers are usually applied to their combat helmets. Another distinctive trait of the Bersaglieri is the fast jog pace they keep on parades, instead of marching.    After reading the paragraphs above, we are interested in knowing the entity with which 'alfonso ferrero la marmora' exhibits the relationship of 'country of citizenship'. Find the answer from the choices below.  Choices: - afghanistan  - albania  - china  - italy  - kingdom of italy  - kingdom of sardinia  - libya  - russian empire
Answer: