Answer the following question: Information:  - LaCroix is a sparkling water beverage distributed by the Sundance Beverage Company , part of National Beverage Corp. . It comes in twenty flavors : pure ( unflavored ) , berry , coconut , cran - raspberry , lemon , lime , orange , peach - pear , mango , passion fruit , apricot , tangerine , pamplemousse ( grapefruit ) , pomme - bayá ( apple - berry ) , cerise limón , piña fraise , pomme bayá , melón pomelo , kiwi sandía , muré pepino and LaCola . All flavors of LaCroix are free of sugars , sodium , and calories . LaCroix is found in many forms . These include two kinds of cans , and a variety of bottles . LaCroix was originally marketed by G. Heileman Brewing Company in La Crosse , Wisconsin . The product experienced a sharp increase in sales after a nationwide recall of Perrier brand carbonated water in the United States in early 1990 . Because LaCroix specializes in flavored beverages , and not fine sparkling mineral water , it is rivaled by Crystal Light . Competing brands include Perrier , store brand sparkling waters , and high end independent brands .  - National Beverage Corp. is an American beverage developer, manufacturer, and distributor based in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, focused on flavored soft drinks. National Beverage Corp. is ranked by "Beverage Digest" as the fifth-largest soft drink company in the United States.  - Florida (Spanish for "land of flowers") is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States. It is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida and Cuba. Florida is the 22nd most extensive, the 3rd most populous, and the 8th most densely populated of the U.S. states. Jacksonville is the most populous municipality in the state and is the largest city by area in the contiguous United States. The Miami metropolitan area is Florida's most populous urban area. The city of Tallahassee is the state capital.  - A soft drink (see terminology for other names) is a drink that typically contains carbonated water, a sweetener, and a natural or artificial flavoring. The sweetener may be sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, sugar substitutes (in the case of diet drinks), or some combination of these. Soft drinks may also contain caffeine, colorings, preservatives, and other ingredients.  - A Company is a legal entity made up of an association of persons, be they natural, legal, or a mixture of both, for carrying on a commercial or industrial enterprise. Company members share a common purpose and unite in order to focus their various talents and organize their collectively available skills or resources to achieve specific, declared goals. Companies take various forms such as:  - Beverage Digest is a privately owned publication covering the global non-alcoholic beverage industry. It is free of advertising, relying on subscription revenue. The newsletter was founded in 1982 and publishes 22 regular issues a year. The publisher is based in Bedford Hills, New York.    What entity does 'la croix sparkling water' has the relation 'instance of' with?
Answer: