Here is an article:

Coming into the final stretch of Season 6 of The Good Wife, "Loser Edit" felt like a slower-paced episode in the midst of a season that has been full of adrenaline and conspiracy. Yet once the hour concluded, so many things had been set into motion that it was clear the action is nowhere near slowing down.

Yet again, Alicia's storyline doesn't feel like the central story — not just because it's not any more compelling than the other characters', but because for only the second or third time this season she isn't getting the majority of the screen time.

The illicit emails from last week's FLG hack come back to haunt Alicia. A reporter has received the emails and will take the story public. Eli's plan is, of course, to spin the emails before they're released: Alicia must deny that she had a physical affair, and say that the emails were the product of an office flirtation.

The episode opens with Alicia's antagonistic reporter sitting in an edit room cutting the footage of their interview, which starts as a puff piece. We watch the colors of the piece flip as the story spins in a different direction after the emails come to light.

During Alicia's campaign, episode after episode focused on the importance of perception, and the difference between what we believe and what the truth is. Alicia's campaign may be over, but she won't be able to leave politics behind her.

The episode's closer is the airing of the reporter's story: Instead of the emails, she attacks Alicia with the accusation that she cheated at the polls. This is a crisis for which team Alicia was not prepared.

Alicia isn't the only one with an old ghost resurfacing in this episode.

The evidence Kalinda faked to prove Carey's innocence has come back to haunt them in the form of the investigator Andrew Wiley. It only takes a couple loose threads for the entire story to unravel, and Wiley finds them and pulls them (with two leashed kids in tow). It's a catastrophic situation, not just for Kalinda, but also for Diane, who could be disbarred for her participation in the fraud.

This episode was jam-packed — we haven't even gotten to the C-plot involving Diane and her conservative client Reese Dipple. This was much more "case-of-the-week" driven than Alicia and Kalinda's stories, but in many ways it was the most satisfying, with Diane getting to stretch her muscles in a hypothetical lawsuit involving gay marriage.

"The law is supposed to be fair," she tells Dipple when he accuses her of manipulating him by casting his gay nephew as her plaintiff. "That doesn't mean it's not supposed to be personal."

Things have gotten very personal for Alicia as she's sought the office of State's Attorney, and for Kalinda as she tried desperately to save Carey from paying for a crime he didn't commit.

Alicia and Kalinda both strayed from their moral code in their pursuit of a nobler aim, Alicia by lying about her affair with Will and Kalinda by faking evidence. There may not be enough distance for the two of them to outrun their demons, which are drawing closer as we approach the end of Season 6.

Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.

Write a title for it.