Article:

PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — An Oregon man impersonated a sheriff's deputy while taking an SUV for a test drive and pulled over a motorcyclist, authorities said. 
  
 Anthony McGuire, 39, of Salem was arrested Saturday after the motorcyclist and two employees from the car lot sensed something was off and called real deputies, Sgt. Chris Baldridge of the Marion County Sheriff's Office said Monday. 
  
 Baldridge said McGuire visited Good Fellows Auto Sales three days in a row and told workers he was a sheriff's deputy. Each day, he wanted to test drive a black Chevrolet Tahoe. 
  
 On the third day, two suspicious employees decided to join the customer for the drive. 
  
 Just down the street from the lot, McGuire suddenly lowered the window and yelled at a motorcyclist to pull over. The motorcyclist obeyed and McGuire told him he was being stopped for speeding. 
  
 Baldridge said McGuire had no badge or identification, and his manner led everyone else to conclude he might be a fake. The employees from Good Fellows Auto Sales, who could not be reached for comment, told investigators that the motorcyclist had gone around the SUV because McGuire was driving very slowly. 
  
 "They said the motorcyclist really wasn't doing anything wrong," Baldridge said. "He was acting for his own safety to get around the slow-moving vehicle." 
  
 Baldridge said McGuire confessed to impersonating a deputy and was taken to the county jail. He was charged with criminal impersonation, a misdemeanor. 
  
 Baldridge said McGuire did not explain his actions. 
  
 Investigators think McGuire might have pulled over other drivers. Anyone who might have been a victim has been asked to call the sheriff's office. 
  
 McGuire was released from county jail Monday afternoon. It was not immediately clear whether he had a lawyer, and a court date has not been set. 
  
 Public records show he was arrested in December 2011 for unauthorized use of a vehicle. A contemporaneous article in the Albany Democrat-Herald says McGuire allegedly stole a car from the Marion County Courthouse and drove it to an Albany mall. ||||| A Salem man who allegedly claimed he was a sheriff's deputy and pulled over a motorcyclist while test driving an SUV was arrested Saturday. 
  
 For three days, a man who said he was a sheriff's deputy visited Good Fellows Auto Sales located in the 200 block of Lancaster Drive Northeast in Salem, the Marion County Sheriff's Office. 
  
 On the third day, he requested to test drive a black Chevrolet Tahoe, which is when he pulled over a motorcyclist for allegedly speeding, the Sheriff's Office said. 
  
 Employees who accompanied of the man on the test drive called the Sheriff's Office. Anthony McGuire, 40, of Salem, admitted to impersonating a deputy and was taken to Marion County Jail, the Sheriff's Office said. 
  
 The Sheriff's Office said asks members of the public to call 503-588-5032 if they have been a victim of McGuire. The Office would also like remind the public that deputies and police officers will always carry an ID badge. If you ever have question about a police officer or deputy's identity, call local law enforcement or 911. |||||
What is a summary?