Please answer the following question: Information:  - The Golden Bear is the highest prize awarded for the best film at the Berlin International Film Festival. The bear is the heraldic animal of Berlin, featured on both the coat of arms and flag of Berlin.  - François Roland Truffaut (6 February 1932  21 October 1984) was a French film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, and film critic, as well as one of the founders of the French New Wave. In a film career lasting over a quarter of a century, he remains an icon of the French film industry, having worked on over 25 films. Truffaut's film "The 400 Blows" came to be a defining film of the French New Wave movement. He also directed such classics as "Shoot the Piano Player" (1960), "Jules et Jim" (1961), "The Wild Child" (1970), "Two English Girls" (1971), "Day for Night" (1973) and "The Woman Next Door" (1981).  - Cahiers du Cinéma ("Notebooks on Cinema") is a French language film magazine founded in 1951 by André Bazin, Jacques Doniol-Valcroze and Joseph-Marie Lo Duca. It developed from the earlier magazine "Revue du Cinéma" ("Review of the Cinema" established in 1928) involving members of two Paris film clubs"Objectif 49" ("Objective 49") (Robert Bresson, Jean Cocteau and Alexandre Astruc, among others) and "Ciné-Club du Quartier Latin" ("Cinema Club of the Latin Quarter"). Initially edited by Doniol-Valcroze and, after 1957, by Éric Rohmer (Maurice Scherer), it included amongst its writers Jacques Rivette, Jean-Luc Godard, Claude Chabrol and François Truffaut. It is the oldest film magazine in publication.  - The flag of Berlin has three stripes of red-white-red, the two outer stripes each occupying a fifth of its height, the middle the remaining three fifths. It is emblazoned with a bear on the civil flag, while it bears the coat of arms of Berlin on the state flag.  - Claude Henri Jean Chabrol (24 June 1930  12 September 2010) was a French film director and a member of the French New Wave ("nouvelle vague") group of filmmakers who first came to prominence at the end of the 1950s. Like his colleagues and contemporaries Jean-Luc Godard, François Truffaut, Éric Rohmer and Jacques Rivette, Chabrol was a critic for the influential film magazine "Cahiers du cinéma" before beginning his career as a film maker.  - Les Cousins is a 1959 French New Wave drama film directed by Claude Chabrol . It tells the story of two cousins , the decadent Paul and the naive Charles . Charles falls in love with Florence , one of Paul 's friends . It won the Golden Bear at the 9th Berlin International Film Festival .  - Maurice Henri Joseph Schérer or Jean Marie Maurice Schérer, known as Éric Rohmer (21 March 192011 January 2010), was a French film director, film critic, journalist, novelist, screenwriter and teacher.  - The Berlin International Film Festival, also called the Berlinale, is one of the world's leading film festivals and most reputable media events. It is held annually in Berlin, Germany.     After reading the paragraphs above, choose the best answer for the entity that related to 'les cousins ' with the relationship of 'filming location'.  Choices: - 12  - 21  - 24  - 6  - berlin  - germany  - paris
A: