Please answer the following question: Information:  - AJWright ( formerly formatted as A.J. Wright until 2009 ) was a chain of about 129 American retail / outlet stores established in 1998 and owned by TJX Companies . Like its sister company T.J. Maxx , AJWright sold clothing , domestics , giftware , footwear , accessories , and fragrances at prices between twenty and seventy percent below regular prices . AJWright differed from other TJX chains by refreshing its merchandise on a regular basis . For most stores , new shipments arrived every weekday . In early 2011 , TJX closed the chain 's remaining stores and converted some stores to other TJX brands . Although AJWright 's primary target market was moderate - income families , its recent expansion drew additional consumer groups . The company 's community service strategy centered on monetary donations to the Boys and Girls Club of America and other affiliates .  - Zayre was a chain of discount stores that operated in the eastern half of the United States from 1956 to 1990. The company's headquarters was in Framingham, Massachusetts. In October 1988, Zayre's parent company, Zayre Corp., sold the stores to the competing Ames Department Stores, Inc. chain, and in June 1989, Zayre Corp. merged with one of its subsidiaries, The TJX Companies, parent company of T.J. Maxx. A number of stores retained the Zayre name until 1990, by which time all stores were either closed or converted into Ames stores. (The TJX Companies, which also owns Marshalls, HomeGoods, and Sierra Trading Post, is still in operation as of 2016.)  - A department store or magazine is a retail establishment offering a wide range of consumer goods in different product categories known as "departments". In modern major cities, the department store made a dramatic appearance in the middle of the 19th century, and permanently reshaped shopping habits, and the definition of service and luxury. Similar developments were under way in London (with Whiteleys), in Paris ("Le Bon Marché" in 1852) and in New York (with Stewart's).  - Framingham is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 68,318 as of the United States 2010 Census, making it the 14th most populous municipality in Massachusetts. Founded in 1700, Framingham was placed at # 36 on 'Best Places to Live in US' by CNN "Money" magazine in 2012.  - T.J. Maxx is an American department store chain. With more than 1,000 stores, T.J. Maxx is one of the largest clothing retailers in the United States.  - The TJX Companies, Inc., is an American apparel and home goods company based in Framingham, Massachusetts. It claims to be the largest international apparel and home fashions off-price department store chain in the United States. The company evolved from the Zayre discount department store chain, founded in 1956, which opened its first branch of T.J.Maxx in 1976 and its first BJ's Wholesale Club in 1984. In 1988, Zayre sold its nameplate to rival Ames, and T.J.Maxx was renamed "The TJX Companies, Inc.".    What object entity has the relation of 'headquarters location' with the subject 'ajwright'?   Choices: - framingham  - london  - new york  - paris  - york
A: