Write highlights for this article:

By. Ashley Collman. The New Jersey teen who sneaked past a sleeping security guard to reach the roof of the World Trade Center building made his first court appearance Wednesday. Justin Casquejo, 16, was initially charged with trespassing, but now faces actual jail time since the judge slapped him with another charge of BASE jumping - a class A misdemeanor. If convicted, the Weehawken, New Jersey native could end up behind bars for up to a year. Scroll down for video. Head down: 16-year-old Justin Casquejo made his first court appearance Wednesday as he faces trespassing charges for sneaking to the top of the World Trade Center last month. Serious crimes: Casquejo was hit with an additional charge of base jumping today, which could land him in jail for up to a year if convicted. Sly: Casquejo, of Weehawken, New Jersey, was. able to make it to the top of 1 WTC by slipping through a square-foot. hole in a fence surrounding the site. The judge also ordered Casquejo be assessed in a program for youth offenders. He is due back in court on April 20. Casquejo and his lawyer declined to comment outside the court house. The daredevil teen successfully made it to the top of 1 WTC on March 16, by slipping through a square-opening in the fence surrounding the site around 4am. Dressed as a construction worker, Casquejo eluded security and was able to take an elevator to the 88th floor. Daredevil: Casquejo sneaked into the WTC site and spent almost two hours on the roof of the nearly completed Freedom Tower before he was arrested by Port Authority police trying to leave. He is pictured at right on top of a construction crane in nearby Hoboken. From there he took the stairs all the way to the 104th floor and walked right past a sleeping security guard to access the roof. He spent about two hours on the roof before coming down and getting caught by Port Authority Police. The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the site, is reevaluating their security measures. Since Casquejo's arrest last month, six others have also been arrested for sneaking in or attempting to sneak into the World Trade Center unauthorized. Thrillseeker: Casquejo, pictured on a construction crane in Hoboken, appears to love sneaking into tall buildings under construction. Two CNN journalists were arrested late last month trying three times to sneak past security and into the building in broad daylight. 'If a 16-year-old can get on the site, we should be able to get in as well,' one of them allegedly told the officer. Four other men were charged last month as well, for organizing a base jump off the building in September. 'We were a little bit shocked that they spent that much time and energy continuing to pursue something that they knew was not a terroristic act,' one of the jumpers, Andrew Rossing, told Good Morning America. 'Our intent was never for this to go public. We never posted the video footage. People didn’t know about it. We kept things quiet. As far as we were concerned, no one ever needed to know,' he added. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said that 'both City Hall and 1 Police Plaza are concerned about' the recent break-ins.