He's handy with a shot glass and customers travel from far and wide to admire him at work. The only strange thing about Carl the bartender is that he's not quite human. The humanoid robot mixes drinks for guests at the Robots Bar and Lounge in Ilmenau, eastern Germany. Guests at the bar can interact with Carl, who was developed and built by mechatronics engineer Ben Schaefer. With a glass in hand. humanoid robot bartender Carl is ready to serve customers at the Robots Bar and Lounge in Ilmenau, eastern Germany. Carl can mix drinks according to customers' requests and also indulge in small talk, his creator says. Carl helps out another bartender by pouring a shot of a spirit into their cocktail shaker ready to be mixed. The robot is the creation of mechatronics engineer Ben Schaefer, who has spent 23 years working in the field. He built Carl from the parts of disused industrial robots from the German firm KUKA. His newest employee helps out his human colleagues by pouring out measures of spirits and adding them to cocktail shakers for mixing. He can also conduct short conversations with the customers who take up the bar's nine seats, though they probably don't sparkle like the drinks because his speech recognition skills and ability to interact are, for the moment, limited. To make sure the robot does not crash in the small area behind the bar, Carl wears a belt with sensors. Carl's creator Ben Schaefer, a mechatronics engineer, has been working in the field of humanoid robots for 23 years. Mr Schaefer interacts with his newest employee as it offers up a glass of spirits to be adding to Mr Schaefer's own cup. There are only nine seats at the bar for the best view of Carl in action at the Robots Lounge and Bar in Ilmenau. The customers can have limited conversations with Carl who also measures out spirits for another bartender to mix. The belt helps Carl stay upright instead of spilling drinks everywhere and protects his human counterparts. Another room in the bar, described as a place to encounter technology and future visions, contains a life-size model of a Nasa astronaut. Writing on the bar's website, Mr Schaefer said his company aims to make humanity in humanoid robots closer to reality and show that 'scenes as in science fiction films are quite possible'. Humanoid robots tend to have limbs and a torso to resemble the human body, while artificial intelligence tries to replicate the way the mind works. Mr Schaefer said putting Carl to work meant it was easier to see how the design needed improving than trying to figure out problems in a laboratory. Perhaps one day Carl may boast the skills of Tom Cruise in Cocktail, but for now his creator is making him useful by having him measure out spirits. By putting Carl in a real-life scenario, it was easier to test the programming and make improvements than it would be in a laboratory. 'On this system, you can let your imagination run wild, because each step makes our robot a bit more human,' Mr Shaefer writes. For now, Carl will be part-tourist attraction and part test-dummy while Mr Schaefer and his team work out how to shake humanoid robotics out of its 'stagnant' state.

Write highlights for this article.