News article:

Chris Brown Booted From Rehab For Throwing Rock At Mom's Car 
  
 Chris Brown -- Booted From Rehab After Throwing Rock At Mom's Car 
  
 EXCLUSIVE 
  
  
  
 Chris Brown was booted from his rehab program earlier this month for throwing a rock through his mom's car window ... TMZ has learned. 
  
  
  
 We just got hold of the probation report in the Rihanna case, which outlines what happened during his 13 days in a Malibu rehab joint for anger management counseling. 
  
  
  
 According to the report, Chris' mom showed up for a family session and was urging her son to stay in the facility for extended treatment. Apparently, Chris violently disagreed with her and in a fit of anger threw a rock through her car window, shattering it. 
  
  
  
 The report goes on to say without continued therapy and a strong recovery support network, Probation says his prognosis is "very guarded." 
  
  
  
 And here's an interesting detail from the report: before Chris entered rehab on October 29th, he says he had issues with Attention Deficit Disorder and also underwent a period of depression. 
  
  
  
 TMZ broke the story ... Chris got booted from the Malibu facility earlier this month following the outburst ... after just two weeks of treatment. 
  
  
  
 As we reported, the judge has just ordered Brown to 90 days in a facility and also ordered him to submit to drug testing. 
  
  
  
  ||||| Chris Brown was ordered by a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge on Wednesday to check into a live-in rehab facility for 90 days' worth of anger management, L.A. Now reports. 
  
 That order came during a probation hearing that had been on the schedule before the R&B singer was arrested in Washington, D.C., on Oct. 27 and charged with misdemeanor assault. 
  
 During the 90-day live-in stint, to be done in Los Angeles County at a facility approved by probation officials, Brown will also have to complete three eight-hour days of community service each week and undergo periodic drug tests. He's still on probation related to his 2009 assault of then-girlfriend Rihanna. 
  
 He will be allowed to fly to Washington for legal proceedings related to his assault charge. 
  
 Also, it turns out that Brown, who'd gone to rehab of his own accord after the D.C. arrest but walked out about two weeks later, was actually ordered out of that Malibu facility Nov. 10 for violent behavior after he threw a rock and shattered a window on his mother's car, according to a probation report obtained by L.A. Now. 
  
 The blow-up was initiated during a family counseling session in which his mom said she wanted him to stay in treatment, the records show. Brown then walked out and tossed the rock. Nobody was hurt. 
  
 Brown previously completed an anger-management course as part of his assault sentence, but he appears to need a little bit more work in that area. 
  
 ALSO: 
  
 Chris Hemsworth's wife pregnant with baby No. 2 
  
 Alec Baldwin's angry incidents begin to pile up again 
  
 Follow Christie D'Zurilla on Twitter and Google+. Follow the Ministry of Gossip on Twitter @LATcelebs and on Facebook facebook.com/ministryofgossip. |||||
What is a shorter version of the above article?