Karen Gillan (born 28 November 1987) is a Scottish actress, director, screenwriter and model. She played the role of Amy Pond, companion to the Eleventh Doctor, in the BBC One science fiction series Doctor Who (2010 -- 2013). She has received wide recognition for portraying Nebula in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), and its untitled sequel (2019), and also played Ruby Roundhouse in the box-office hit Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017).

Based on this passage, who did karen gillian play in infinity war? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: The relevant information to answer the above question is: She has received wide recognition for portraying Nebula in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), and its untitled sequel (2019), and also played Ruby Roundhouse in the box-office hit Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (2017).... The answer is Nebula.


Context: The Panchayat Raj system was first adopted by the state of Rajasthan in Nagaur district on 2nd Oct 1959. The second state was Andhra Pradesh, while Maharashtra was the Ninth state. State governments during the 1950s and 60s adopted this system as laws were passed to establish panchayats in various states. It also founded backing in the Indian Constitution, with the 73rd amendment in 1992 to accommodate the idea. The Amendment Act of 1992 contains provision for devolution of powers and responsibilities to the panchayats, both for the preparation of economic development plans and social justice, as well as for implementation in relation to 29 subjects listed in the eleventh schedule of the constitution, and the ability to levy and collect appropriate taxes, duties, tolls and fees.

Question: where did panchayati raj in india first introduced in 1959? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
Stream of consciousness: To answer this question, we should know that: The Panchayat Raj system was first adopted by the state of Rajasthan in Nagaur district on 2nd Oct 1959.... The answer is the state of Rajasthan in Nagaur district.


Passage: On 8 August 1942, the All India Congress Committee passed the Quit India resolution at the Bombay session. The government responded by arresting the major leaders and all members of the Congress Working Committee and thus tried to pre-empt the movement from success. Young Aruna Asaf Ali presided over the remainder of the session on 9 August and hoisted the Congress flag at the Gowalia Tank Maidan. This marked the commencement of the movement. The police fired upon the assembly at the session. Aruna was dubbed the Heroine of the 1942 movement for her bravery in the face of danger and was called Grand Old Lady of the Independence movement in her later years. Despite the absence of direct leadership, spontaneous protests and demonstrations were held all over the country, as an expression of the desire of India's youth to achieve independence.

Question: Based on this passage, who is the heroine of quit india movement? Let's do a good job answering this.
--
