Here is a news article: MANHATTAN, Kan. (AP) — Kansas State says it will pay a $5,000 fine after its marching band shaped itself into the rival Jayhawk mascot and what appeared to be a large phallus during a halftime show. 
  
 The school said Tuesday that band director Frank Tracz (trays) will miss the Nov. 28 game against Kansas and that university officials must approval future halftime shows. 
  
 The university says it decided to pay the self-imposed fine after the Big 12 Conference warned of potential sportsmanship and ethical conduct violations. 
  
 The controversy erupted after Saturday's space-themed halftime show during the team's home opener against South Dakota. One formation featured the Kansas State band forming the University of Kansas mascot and a phallic looking Starship Enterprise crashing into it. 
  
 Tracz has apologized for what he described as a "misinterpretation." ||||| Kansas State officials have apologized for a marching band routine during Saturday night's season opener that involved the rival Jayhawks and appeared to be adult-oriented in nature. 
  
 The Kansas State marching band's director will meet with university administrators Tuesday afternoon. 
  
 The Pride of Wildcat Land marching band's halftime performance Saturday night included a routine where the band created the image of a University of Kansas Jayhawk and what the band's announcer said was the "starship Enterprise." 
  
 The Enterprise then approached the Jayhawk, which then broke up, with band members marching in different directions. Some saw something other than the starship Enterprise, claiming that the image was "obscene." 
  
 Jayhawk fans immediately voiced their complaints about the show on social media. 
  
 Band leaders announced that the whole thing was a misunderstanding, and that the show was simply "the starship Enterprise attacking the beak of the bird." 
  
 But Kansas State President Kirk Schultz issued an apology following the performance. 
  
 The story immediately went viral and has been picked up by People Magazine, The Chicago Tribune, London's Daily Mail and many other publications. 
  
 Band members say their show has been misinterpreted, and Lawrence Journal World sports editor Tom Keegan says that is possible. 
  
 "Maybe they're so nerdy they didn't realize how it looked (to fans)" Keegan said while appearing on KCTV5's Off the Bench Sunday night. 
  
 Keegan also suggested that Kansas State football coach Bill Snyder would not be happy about the situation. 
  
 "Can you imagine at Bill Snyder Family Stadium that went on?" Keegan said. "Can you imagine how livid, how embarrassed, how ashamed that Bill Snyder must be?" 
  
 Whether Keegan's correct, and the band leaders and members are just too "nerdy" to understand how their show looked to some others, or whether they're just making excuses for a decision to make fun of their arch rivals, their show has certainly attracted worldwide attention and energized the KU-Kansas State rivalry. 
  
 The meeting between leaders of the marching band and university administrators will be at 2 p.m. Tuesday. 
  
 Copyright 2015 KCTV (Meredith Corp.) All rights reserved. |||||
A summary of this is?