Write a summary based on this article:

While scanning parenting blogs and sites yesterday, I came across an article on Huffington Post about a restaurant receipt with a note from a “single mom.” I was initially a little amused that this was making the rounds because it seems so silly. Who really cares if someone, single mom or not, left a tip? It’s rude in the extreme, but hardly worthy of public discussion. The more I thought about it, though, I realized it wasn’t funny at all. 
  
 The restaurant patron, who left no tip on a $138.55 bill, signing, “Single Mom, sorry,” may or may not have been a single mom. I think the diner was not really a single parent, or at least not one who couldn’t afford a tip, but rather someone trying to imply that some single moms feel like they are entitled to a pass because they are struggling financially. The note on the receipt (if it was indeed a joke), and the reaction it has drawn online, points to a larger issue. Increasingly, it seems, single moms are being used as the butt of jokes or, even worse, a scapegoat for societal ills. 
  
 What do you think? Is this receipt real? Is the incident indicative of a larger, mostly negative, attitude toward single mothers? 
  
 Related content: 
  
 Momspeak: Who speaks for the single parent? 
  
 Debate over AU professor should be about supporting working parents, not breast-feeding ||||| A photo of a receipt allegedly left by a single mother at a restaurant has gone viral after it was originally posted on Reddit. The bill shows a charge for a $138.35 meal with no additional tip. Instead, there's a note that reads "single mom sorry" -- implying that whoever signed the bill doesn't have enough money because it is expensive to raise kids alone. 
  
 Redditor PhoenixSongFawkes posted the photo and wrote, "I'm sure $140 could have gotten you and your kids a week worth of groceries, but instead you spend it one one meal?! For shame!" 
  
 (Story continues below photo.) 
  
 Commenters, including many single moms, were outraged. RedheadedBanshee wrote, "I'm a single Mom, and this is bullshit. What exactly are you teaching your kids? ... Dear Parents of all kinds - your kids are watching you and learning." Dozens of commenters suggested that if a person -- single mom or not -- can't afford to leave a tip, that she shouldn't have gone out to eat at all and that whoever left this note is in the wrong. 
  
 Lindsay Cross, a blogger for Mommyish and former single mom, has another theory. Cross doesn't believe that the receipt is legitimate. "It’s completely possible that someone wanted to be an asshole and blame it on single moms. Honestly, the more I think about how anyone would do this to a waitress, the more I think it’s likely that this was just a very awful prank to make single moms look bad," she wrote. 
  
 Though Cross makes it apparent that she isn't trying to stereotype single moms, she notes that moms who raise kids on their own are generally sympathetic to those in service positions and mostly try to help those who are working hard. But on the other hand, as Cross and many commenters argued, "jerks" come in all shapes and sizes. 
  
 (h/t Mommyish) 
  
  
  
  |||||

Summary: