In one sentence, describe what the following article is about:

To cope with feeling alone or lonely at night, find a way to entertain or distract yourself. If you truly enjoy your selected hobby, your time alone will be transformed from something you dread to something to look forward to. Consider the following activities to keep you busy:  Reading Watching television Listening to music Writing You may have a difficult time sleeping alone at night because of feeling lonely, missing the partner you used to sleep with, or hearing strange noises. To cope with sleeping alone, turn off your television, tablet, or computer about an hour before bedtime to prepare yourself for sleep. You can also make falling asleep easier by: Avoiding alcohol, caffeine, and food too late in the day Avoiding stressful activities, like exercise, right before bed Keeping the room lights on low Playing soft music Using a sound machine or ear plugs to drown out other noises Keeping the room cool Using comfortable, soft bedding, like a body pillow Wearing a sleep mask or using curtains to block out light Getting up to read, take a bath, or drink hot tea if you find yourself tossing and turning Having a structured evening for yourself at home will help keep your thoughts from straying into loneliness when you’re alone at night. Having a routine can also help keep you motivated and feel fulfilled while being alone. For example, if you come home from work at 5 p.m., you can schedule time for relaxation, exercise, dinner, socialization, and perhaps a hobby before bedtime. It can be helpful to keep a regular bedtime, although a perk of being alone is that you can go to sleep whenever you want! When you live alone or are alone at night, it may feel like a waste of time to make yourself a meal and sit down at the table to eat. However, making your meals special and keeping your mealtimes consistent is a good way to ward off loneliness at night. For example, if you’re alone at night on a holiday, fix yourself the meal you typically would have had with your family or others. As you eat, you can relive special memories you have of that holiday and feel less alone. Although there may be many hardships or negatives to living alone and being alone at night, like having to take care of all the chores on your own, try not to dwell on those. Reminding yourself of the positives can help improve your state of mind. For example, being alone allows you to:  Play whatever music or television shows you want to Clean up how and when you want to Decorate your house how you want to Have silence and time to recharge the way you want to Although being alone doesn’t necessarily mean you’re lonely, it’s important to recognize and accept any feelings of loneliness or sadness you may be experiencing. Examine where they are coming from. Perhaps you’re feeling lonely and alone because you’re single, newly divorced, or widowed. It’s important to express and understand these feelings so that you can then begin to feel more comfortable when you're at home by yourself.  Journal in a diary Talk with a trusted friend Seek counseling if you’re struggling with significant grief or loneliness from a loss or divorce

Summary: