Here is a news article: Source: Xinhua| 2017-08-05 18:54:25|Editor: Song Lifang 
  
 Video Player Close 
  
 PARIS, Aug. 5 (Xinhua) -- Chinese Ambassador to France Zhai Jun on Saturday hailed the birth of giant female panda Huan Huan's cub, saying the first baby panda born in France represents "further link" between Beijing and Paris. 
  
 The giant panda, on loan to Beauval zoo park, central France, from China, late on Friday, gave birth to a twin cubs but one died afterwards. 
  
 "Congratulations on the birth of the baby panda at the Beauval zoo park. It is a great success for the zoo park and for our two countries," the Chinese diplomat said. 
  
 "I hope that the baby panda grows in the best conditions. A new symbol of Sino-French friendship, it will be a further link between our two peoples," he added. 
  
 In her first delivery, Huan Huan "was very calm" and has given birth to two cubs at an interval of a few minutes, the zoo said. The first panda cub was born at 10:18 p.m. local time (2018 GMT), and the other came 14 minutes later. 
  
 In the wild, female pandas raise only one cub, the "strongest", the one that has the most chances of survival, and abandon the second. Huan Huan took care of the first cub immediately after its birth, but chose the second cub and abandoned the first after the second cub was born. 
  
 France's first lady Brigitte Macron will be named godmother of the first cub born in France. 
  
 Huan Huan and her male partner Yuan Zi arrived in central France's Beauval zoo in January 2012. 
  
 There are about 2,000 pandas in the world. They are classified as "vulnerable" species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). ||||| PARIS (Reuters) - A giant panda in Beauval zoo gave birth to twin cubs on Friday, the first ever to be born in France, but one died shortly afterwards, the zoo said. 
  
 Huan Huan, a female on loan to the zoo from China, had been under close surveillance for several days and a crack team of veterinary staff including two Chinese birthing specialists assembled for the birth. 
  
 “Huan Huan remained very calm throughout. The first baby came quickly and Huan Huan held it against her and licked it clean,” the zoo said in a statement. 
  
 “The second followed 14 minutes later. Huan Huan abandoned the first and looked after the second.” 
  
 While an adult female panda can weigh up to 125 kilograms (275 pounds), a baby panda weighs barely 120 grams (4 ounces) at birth. 
  
 In the wild, pandas typically give birth to a single infant, born tiny, blind and pink with hardly any hairs. While the second baby was strong and healthy, the zoo said, the firstborn was much weaker and died after barely two hours. 
  
 Huan Huan and her partner Yuan Zi, whose names translate as “Joy” and “Podgy” respectively, came to France in 2012, their arrival hailed as a sign of warming diplomatic ties between Paris and Beijing. 
  
 They are due to stay until 2022 before being returned to China. Their offspring will stay in France until the age of two or three before being returned to China. ||||| This will appear next to all of your comments 
  
 This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser |||||
A summary of this is?